Strong solar storm heading to EarthUpdated: September 11, 2014 23:48 IST
Strong solar flare making its way towards Earth
AP
Tweet
AP This Jan. 22, 2012 file picture shows a solar flare erupting on the Sun's northeastern hemisphere. A solar storm moving at a speed of 2.5 million mph could arrive early Friday, scientists from the Weather Prediction Centre in Boulder, Colorado have predicted.
TOPICS
research
The storm is moving medium fast, about 2.5 million mph (4.02 million kph), meaning the soonest it could arrive is early Friday
A strong solar flare is blasting its way to Earth, but the worst of its power looks like it will barely skim above the planet and not cause many problems.
It has been several years since Earth has had a solar storm of this size coming from sunspots smack in the middle of the sun, said Tom Berger, director of the Space Weather Prediction Centre in Boulder, Colorado, U.S.. The flare on the sun barely hits the “extreme” on forecasters’ scale, but with its worst effects missing Earth it is only looking “potentially strong” at most when it arrives at Earth as a solar storm, he said.
So while the power grid may see fluctuations because the storm will cause changes in Earth’s magnetic field, it won’t knock power systems off line, Mr. Berger said. It may cause slight disturbances in satellites and radio transmissions but nothing major.
The storm is moving medium fast, about 2.5 million mph (4.02 million km/hr), meaning the soonest it could arrive is early Friday. But it could be later, Mr. Berger said.

MasterCard loses EU fight on foreign fees© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e95a91a4-39a2-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Beyond rich kids: The most economically diverse collegesBeyond rich kids: The most economically diverse colleges
Beyond rich kids: The most economically diverse colleges
In today's "Single Best Chart," Bloomberg's Scarlet Fu displays the U.S. colleges leading the way in economic diversity of their student body.
In today's "Single Best Chart," Bloomberg's Scarlet Fu displays the U.S. colleges leading the way in economic diversity of their student body.

Eastman Chemical Buying Taminco for About $1.73BToday marks the 13th anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon in 2001, which...
Chang W. Lee/The New York Times/AP Photo
2
People are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
3

Chicago among least expensive cities for car insurance  study saysDetroit has most expensive car insurance rates in the country, study says
Charlotte, N.C. has the cheapest car insurance rates in the nation, study shows
Chicago is among the least expensive cities for car insurance according to a new study released Thursday.
The Chicago metro ranked fifth-least expensive, with car insurance costing 16 percent less than the national average according to the report. It trails Charlotte, which has the cheapest, according to the study by insuranceQuotes.com, which ranks the 25 largest U.S. metropolitan areas. 
The most expensive car insurance can be found in Detroit where drivers pay on average, 165 percent more than the national average. The Motor City, is followed by New York City, Miami and Los Angeles.
Most cities with high auto insurance rates are densely populated, have heavy traffic and higher crime rates, according to Laura Adams, senior insurance analyst at insuranceQuotes.com.
"The fact that Chicago has (comprehensive) public transportation may help keep the number of cars off the road, leading to fewer claims," she said. 
The only thing this proves is that you can use selective interpretation of numbers to prove anything you want.
spoogie1

10 Steps to Help Improve Your Local SEOreddit
There are several online marketing options available today that your local businesses can utilize to improve your website traffic, leads, and sales. In the past there was print advertising, TV, and radio. Now, with so many different online-based options available it has left many small business owners confused.
Local search engine optimization is always going to produce results, and with more consumers armed with smartphones these days it has become extremely important that a local business has a strong local search presence. I have put together a 10 local SEO tips to help improve your website ranking in local search results.
1. Build Your Local Listing Pages
There is nothing tricky about this step. You will want to claim your local listings on Google+, Yahoo Local, Bing Local, and other popular business listing directories. After completing your profile you will have to verify you are indeed the owner of the business listing, and each one has a different verification method. Some will just verify your email address and some will send you a pin code in the mail that you will then have to enter in order to complete the verification.
Aside from the "big 3" there are additional local listings that you should make sure to include, such as YP.com, Yelp, foursquare, and industry specific business directories. It is important that you fully complete each profile using accurate and consistent information across all of your local listings.
2. Get Started Blogging
Creating a blog on your website and updating it on a regular basis is a great way to increase your local search visibility. Your blog will allow you to create content that targets local keywords and search terms related to your business.
Blogging provides a great SEO benefit, but it also gives your website visitors information to read every time they visit your website. The longer you can keep them on your site, the better chance you have of converting them into a lead or sale. Make sure to share your blog content on your social media profiles, further expanding your reach. Blogging can really boost your local search reach, so make sure to include it in your marketing effort.
3. Make Sure Your Website is Optimized
Your on-page optimization is very important when it comes to being found in local search. Several businesses can rank on top if they just have solid on-page optimization, so it is very important that you take the time to properly optimize all of your on-page factors before you even begin to think about link building or citation building.
Rather than list all of the on-page factors here, you can read my company's definitive on-page optimization guide . It includes detailed information on how to properly optimize your website, including an example that you can follow.
4. Ensure That Your Website is Mobile & Tablet Friendly
If your website is not responsive then you are already at a major disadvantage in terms of local search. With so many local searches being performed on mobile and tablet devices it is crucial that your website offers a pleasant experience to those that are visiting it from one of these devices.
When someone visits your website on a mobile device and they have a hard time navigating it what do you think they will do? They will simply leave and find a site that is optimized for their device.
The small investment required to transform your website into a responsive design is well worth it. Mobile traffic continues to increase and there is no sign of it slowing down.
5. Encourage Your Customers to Leave Reviews
Having positive reviews online build trust and credibility, something that future customers actively look for. It is important that you gather local business reviews the right way, and not offer incentives or force reviews. Rather than bribing customers, simply present them with a list of review websites and let them know that you would love to hear their feedback.
There is no need to over think this. You will find that most customers will be more than happy to provide their feedback if they are simply asked. You can create a page on your website that displays all of the review options or you can send out an email to your customers asking for feedback.
6. Keep NAP Information Consistent
When you are creating business listings it is important that you are maintaining consistency when it comes to your NAP (business name, address, and phone number). It should appear on all directory listings exactly as it appears on your website.
For example, if you spell out "Street" on your website then do not abbreviate it as "St" on any of your business citations. Maintaining this consistency will help you to improve your local SEO greatly. It is also a great idea to audit all of your business listings and fix any discrepancies. This is a great way to help clean up your NAP profile and ensure consistency across the board.
7. Pick Smart Social Media Platforms Based on Your Customers
Social media is a mandatory part of your local search marketing effort, but it is counter productive to attempt to be active on every social media platform. You want to identify the outlets that your target audience is active on.
For example, a craft store would want to be active on Pinterest, but a local accountant would not benefit by being active on that social media platform. Once you have identified the proper social media platforms to be active on you will need to create a publication schedule. You will want to share your blog posts on social media, but you will also want to engage with your audience a few times daily.
8. Use Visual Content
Consumers respond much better to visual content, so use videos, infographics, and images as much as possible in your website content. This helps your visitors stay on your website longer,  increasing the chance of them turning into a lead or sale.
Compelling content that is packed with useful images or an infographic also helps your website attract inbound links from other websites that link to your content. High quality authority websites aren't going to link to thin content that provides little to no value. Focus on improving the user experience and you will earn more links, helping your local SEO effort.
9. User Experience is Key
Fancy graphics, animation, and outrageous features are not going to help your website perform well in local search. You need to focus on user experience first, making sure that everyone who lands on your website can easily navigate and locate your content and calls-to-action. Top rankings and all of the traffic in the world won't do your business any good if your visitors leave right away out of frustration.
A clean design and simple navigation is key. The goal of every website is to create an action. This could be a physical location visit, a phone call, a contact or form request being filled out, or a purchase being made directly on the website. Make it as simple as possible for your visitors to complete your desired actions.
10. Constantly Test & Optimize
The previous nine tips that we have just discussed need to be constantly addressed. To dominate your local market you need to always be one step ahead of the competition. There is always room for improvement, so don't be afraid to test and make changes. You would be surprised at how the smallest change can often result in the biggest change.
Want more free online marketing tips? Make sure you sign up for the Market Domination Media weekly newsletter. You can sign up by clicking here to instantly download a free copy of "The Complete A-Z Online Marketing Strategy Guide" and you will also automatically receive our online marketing tips in your inbox every week.
Follow Jonathan Long on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MDMSEO
More:

Survey: Only 9% of Chicago firms plan to expand hiring in next 6 monthsRead the story
This market for new jobs falls short of cities such as Houston, where 24 percent of CFOs said their companies planned to fill new positions over the next six months. In Denver, 19 percent of CFOs said they have plans to create new jobs over the fall and winter. Other cities, such as Salt Lake City, Des Moines, Iowa, and the San Francisco Bay Area also reported plans to ramp up job creation by more than 10 percent. 
In Chicago, 9 percent of finance executives also said they plan to freeze  hiring during the next six months, while 2 percent said they plan to eliminate positions. 
The survey’s local results are based on interviews with 100 CFOs from a stratified random sample of companies in the Chicago area with 20 or more employees.
Executives were asked about their hiring and business outlooks, including plans to add professional-level employees, including in accounting, human resources, administrative, legal, marketing and information technology fields. 
Most of the hiring will be in the financial services and health care industries, according to Marilyn Bird, district president for Robert Half in Chicago. 
@lizardking009 YOU ARE CORRECT SIR!
DrVinyBoomBotts

Icaland s New Volcanic Eruption May Change Landscapeicaland s new volcanic eruption may change landscape
Air France raises stakes in pilot dispute© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4f52892-399a-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Winners and a loser from Apple announcementWinners and a loser from Apple announcement
By: Matt Krantz September 10, 2014 2:19 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Getty
Apple’s (AAPL) shares are trading higher the day after its big announcement, but the news is also sending ripples through the industry.
Apple itself is the biggest winner. Shares rose $3.01, or 3.1% to $101 — breaking past the $100 a share barrier. But the news has investors and analysts trying to gauge how each of the announcements made this week could affect other companies and industries.
“There are lot more winners in this than losers,” says Alex Gauna, analyst at JMP Securities.
Second to Apple, the major credit card companies are winning too. Since Apple’s payment system appears to be a way to convince more people to use credit or debit accounts — just using a different form — shares of Visa (V) rose $2.60, or 1.2%, to $216.88.
Many credit cards and smartphones from companies other than Apple already have wireless payment capabilities built-in. Gauna says the fact Apple is getting into the mobile payments business could expedite the adoption of such wireless payments. “There are some pretty interesting far-reaching developments on the payment front,” he says.
There’s also belief that point-of-sale terminal maker, VeriFone Systems ( PAY ) could also play a role in the development of the payment processing system. Shares of the company rose $2.39, or 6.8%, to $37.40. A smaller company enjoying an even bigger pop is On Track (OTIV) , which is believed to be working on wireless reader technology that could be used for Apple payment systems. Shares of the company rose 7% to $3.55.
Gauna expects that NXP Semiconductor, too, could benefit as its computer chips used for payment systems could be included in iPhones.
When it comes to big losers, on Wall Street there really is no contest. GT Advanced (GTAT) , the company that was rumored to be supplying hardened glass for use in the new iPhone, is down 13% to $12.97. Many investors were disappointed when Apple didn’t say it would use the “Sapphire” glass in its phones, although mentioning it would be used in the new watch. Mention of the company’s glass “was notably absent from providing Sapphire screens into the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus this year,” says Morningstar analyst Brian Colello at Morningstar.
Apple’s announcements weren’t devastating for other online payment providers and traditional watch makers, but it still wasn’t great news. Shares of eBay ( EBAY ) fell $1.63, or 3.1%, to $51.10 as Apple’s service is a direct threat against eBay’s PayPal unit. “The fact that the word PayPal was not mentioned once at the Apple event could be a big problem for eBay’s offline ambitions,” says Ben Schachter, analyst at Macquarie Securities.
It’s not lights out for PayPal, Colello says, but certainly a wake-up call. If Apple’s rivals need to compete with Apple, that could help PayPal if there’s a “scramble” and competitors to Apple need to “more closely partner with PayPal.”
Traditional watch makers, too, need to deal with the growing threat in their business and demand for timepieces to do more than just tell the time. Shares of watchmaker Fossil ( FOSL ) were down a tad Wednesday, losing $0.41 to $102.51. But much of the damage has been done ahead of the meeting. Shares of Fossil are off more than 14% this year.
Chart source: MSN Money
Garmin, too, is a maker of smartwatches that will gain more competition. But while investors were bothered Tuesday, they seemed to get over it Wednesday after analyzing Apple’s news. Shares of Garmin ( GRMN ) rose $2.06, or nearly 4%, to $53.77.
But Apple is the big winner if its announcements can convince more people to buy iPhones. “It’s good news for Apple,” Gauna says.

Is Your Gmail Account SafeToday marks the 13th anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon in 2001, which...
Chang W. Lee/The New York Times/AP Photo
2
People are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
3

Delhi set for a makeover as Venkaiah Naidu rolls out actionplanPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 8:57 pm
Aiming to give Delhi a facelift, Urban Development Ministry Thursday firmed up an action plan to ensure a “clean and green” capital city, with major focus on sanitation, waste disposal and upkeep of public places, to improve the quality of life of its residents.
In a meeting with all stakeholders, Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu chalked out a detailed three-pronged strategy – short term, medium term and long term – to carry out the beautification drive by various concerned agencies.
Emphasising the need for concerted efforts to ensure a “clean and green” Delhi, Naidu noted that the general public perception of management of public places and utilities is very poor and needed to be changed through a special drive which is to be sustained till the objective is realised.
DDA will undertake tree plantation, streetscape improvement through improved signages, street lighting, street furniture and public conveniences besides revival of 59 water bodies and building of toilets on BOT basis in parks and public areas, said a senior Urban Development Ministry official.
Removal of garbage, encroachments from roads and footpaths and repair and painting of the same, cleaning and facelift of urinals and declogging of drainage system to prevent water logging are some of the short term measures to be taken as immediate action by Delhi government.
The short term measures also include cleanliness drive in bus terminals, hospitals and educational institutions, commissioning of stretch of first phase of Interceptor Sewer and removal of green waste and litter from parks and gardens, as per the firmed up plan.
For medium term measures, the action plan envisages notification of sanitation by-laws, outsourcing maintenance and management of toilets and urinals and provision of additional toilets on build operate and transfer (BOT) basis.
Introduction of door-to-door waste collection service and segregation of wastes at household level and establishing waste processing and waste to energy plants at Ghazipur, Narela and Bawana are finalised in the medium term measures.
As far as long term plans are concerned, the Ministry decided on evolving zero waste management, green waste processing and introduction of GPS and IT based monitoring of waste collection and disposal system.
The official said DDA was asked too undertake measures to enable upgraded facilities through provision of 25 children’s parks, play fields in 80 parks, open gyms in 20 parks, shelters, food kiosks, solar lighting, open spaces and plazas.
Knowledge Parks for children would be promoted by DDA and one such park for differently abled children will be developed at Sector-21 in Dwarka at a cost of Rs 14 crore.
DDA would also generate 1 MW of solar energy in the next six months for which an MoU has already been signed continued…

Ask Matt: What s wrong with McDonald sQ: What’s wrong with McDonald’s? (MCD)
A: McDonald’s is supposed to be the Big Mac of restaurant stocks. But it’s acting like a small fry.
Shares of McDonald’s are down more than 6% this year. That burns investors since the broad Standard & Poor’s 500 is up nearly 8% this year and rivals’ stocks are even better. Burger King stock is up 39% this year and Chipotle Mexican Grill stock is up 26%.
Chart source: MSN Money
The trouble with McDonald’s is the lack of growth . The company Tuesday said sales at U.S. stores open at least 13 months fell 3.7% in August — the worst growth in more than a decade and worse than the 3.1% decline expected by analysts, says Bloomberg News. A big part of the problem is the company’s struggles to get consumers to spend more in the stores and its dependence on discounting.
The pain of discounting is clear from the fact the company kept just 38.7 cents from every dollar of sales after paying direct costs over the past 12 months. That’s down from keeping 40 cents of every dollar of revenue after direct costs in 2010.  Analysts are bearish on the stock, but not writing it off. The average rating on the stock as  “hold,” which on Wall Street is a sell. But the average 18-month price target is $99.99, which would be 9.8% upside. This is a wait-and-see stock.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

IEA notes remarkable hit to oil growthSeptember 11, 2014 10:43 am
International Energy Agency notes ‘remarkable’ oil demand growth fall
By Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97c70710-398d-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ester India - Result of Postal BallotEster India - Result of Postal Ballot
Sterling Hospitals to foray into diagnostics businessBS Reporter |  Ahmedabad Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 08:57 PM IST
Sterling Hospitals to foray into diagnostics business
Plans to invest Rs 30 cr to have six main hubs and 20 smaller centers across Gujarat in phase I
Sterling Addlife India Ltd, which owns and manages the largest chain of corporate hospitals in Gujarat, is foraying into the fast growing diagnostics business through a new company called Sterling Accuris Wellness Ltd. This new company will operate diagnostic centers including radiology and pathology under the brand name ‘Sterling Accuris Diagnostics’.
Rajiv Sharma, chief operating officer, Sterling Hospitals, informed that in the first phase there were plans to open six main diagnostic hubs at places like Ahmedabad, Vadodara, Rajkot, Bhavnagar, Surat and Kutch, along with 20 smaller centers across Gujarat. The initial investment could be to the tune of Rs 25-30 crore, he added.
Sterling plans to complete the first phase within the next three years, and thereafter spread the diagnostics brand outside Gujarat to neighbouring states like Rajasthan and Madhya Pradesh.
“The Sterling brand is quite well established in these states. We get around 115-125 patients from Rajasthan every month at our hospital in Ahmedabad,” Sharma said.
The company will also set up a new state of the art standalone laboratory in Ahmedabad, which will be equipped to handle high-end diagnostic tests.
Nikhil M Lala, corporate head, medical services & quality medical administration, Sterling Addlife India Ltd elaborated that Sterling Accuris would be equipped to conduct tests in the areas of cytogenetics, real time PCRs to quantify viral load, and also flow cytometrics for early detection of leukemia.
The area of diagnostics is growing at a CAGR of around 12-15 per cent and is estimated to be around $2.4 billion dollar market in the country at the moment, or around 3 per cent of the total healthcare business, Sharma said.
There are around 100,000 laboratories in the country, and around 5,000 labs in Gujarat. Of this, around 10-12 per cent is expected to be in the organised sector. Sharma further said that in Gujarat the out-of-hospital diagnostics market is estimated roughly to be around Rs 5,00-6,00 crore.
 Advertisements

Wall Street falls  biotech stocks weakerWall Street down slightly, financials help limit losses
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. JPMorgan Chase & Co.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were down slightly in late afternoon trading on Thursday following a decline in biotechnology shares, but gains in financials helped to limit the day's losses.
Shares of JPMorgan Chase  were up 0.8 percent, while shares of Bank of America  were up 1.1 percent, the two biggest positives on the S&P 500.
Apart from geopolitical concerns, investors are becoming increasingly worried about the global economy, and especially Europe, weakening again. ( Gail MarksJarvis )
Weighing on the market was data showing jobless claims unexpectedly rose, the second discouraging read on the labor market within a week. The report, along with Friday's bearish payroll report, gave investors few reasons to keep buying with indexes near records.
The S&P 500 was on track for its sixth decline in the past eight sessions, though it remains less than 1 percent below a recent record close.
"Fundamentally, we're at all-time highs for profits and dividends and global trade, so the market should continue its longer-term trend higher," said Tim Courtney, chief investment officer of Exencial Wealth Advisors in Oklahoma City.
8
The biotech group <.NBI> was among the weakest of the day, down 0.8 percent. Gilead Sciences , down 2 percent, was the biggest drag on the S&P 500 and Nasdaq. Investors have viewed the group as overvalued. Gilead is up 41.2 percent since the start of the year.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> was falling 36.57 points, or 0.21 percent, to 17,032.14, the S&P 500 <.SPX> was losing 1.03 points, or 0.05 percent, to 1,994.66 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> was dropping 5.93 points, or 0.13 percent, to 4,580.59.
The Fed supposedly owns 1/4 of ALL stocks. Anybody who still thinks investing in the stock market, and the dollar is getting stronger, is an idiot.
Jackie Puppet
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Vail Resorts , rising 11.75 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Brady Corp , down 8.24 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE was Sprint , up 5.77 percent to $6.51.
On the Nasdaq, Apple , down 0.3 percent to $100.71, and Facebook , up 0.2 percent to $77.60, were among the most actively traded.
Advancing issues were outnumbering decliners on the NYSE by 1,654 to 1,366, for a 1.21-to-1 ratio to the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,492 issues were rising and 1,179 falling for a 1.27-to-1 ratio favoring advancers. That marked a reversal from earlier in the session, when more stocks fell than rose.
The broad S&P 500 index was posting 14 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite was recording 62 new highs and 38 new lows.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)

PHOTOS: Amazon Tribe Beats And Strips Illegal Loggersreddit
The Ka'apor Indians, a tribe of indigenous Brazilians living in the northeast region of the country's expansive rainforest, have begun taking up arms against illegal loggers who are threatening their homeland. On one of their recent searches for loggers, they were joined by Reuters photographer Lunae Parracho, who documented the scene when they reportedly found a number of the men.
"The warriors stripped them, tied them up and beat those who resisted," Parracho details in his account of the event for Reuters. Parracho said that the raids are the tribe members' way of taking matters into their own hands after a perceived lack of government assistance to stop the loggers.
Illegal logging is an endemic issue in the Amazon. A 2014 report by Greenpeace found that more than half of logging in the two largest timber-producing states in Brazil was done illegally from August 2011 to July 2012.
Ka'apor Indian warriors tie up loggers during a jungle expedition to search for and expel them from the Alto Turiacu Indian territory, near the Centro do Guilherme municipality in the northeast of Maranhao state in the Amazon basin, Aug. 7, 2014. (Reuters/Lunae Parracho)
A Ka'apor Indian warrior (L) chases a logger who tried to escape after he was captured during a jungle expedition to search for and expel loggers from the Alto Turiacu Indian territory, near the Centro do Guilherme municipality in the northeast of Maranhao state in the Amazon basin, Aug. 7, 2014. (Reuters/Lunae Parracho)
Click here to see more of Parracho's photos.
More:

Skoda launches new Yeti at 19 lakh; to revamp its after-sales servicesComments
Czech automaker Skoda, on Wednesday, launched a refreshed model of its SUV, Yeti, and said it plans to focus on its existing catalogue of Rapid, Octavia, Superb and Yeti over the next two years without entering any other segment. Skoda had phased out its compact car Fabia from India last year.
The company is also looking to revamp its after-sales service network to boost its image and sales. Over the past few years, the company has been facing many service related complaints. 
Skoda officials said they have recognised the problems and have taken steps to solve them. “Starting next year, we will go for really big change, which every customer coming to our service workshop will see. We will revamp the dealership to make it more service oriented,” said Pawel Szuflak, director, sales, service and marketing, Skoda Auto India.
The new Yeti will be priced at Rs. 18.99 lakh (ex-showroom) Delhi for the 4x2 variant while the all-wheel drive version will cost Rs. 20.54 lakh.  The SUV has undergone several cosmetic changes on the outside, including new front and rear bumpers, bi-xenon headlamps. On the inside it includes safety features such as six airbags, cruise control and anti-lock braking system.
The SUV will have only one variant called Elegance as more and more of its customers are buying top-end models, The company said, and added that the focus going ahead would be on ‘value luxury’ products and that would take precedence over driving volumes.

Manmohan Singh was part of the decisions to allocate 2G spectrum  coal blocks: Ex-CAG VinodRaiPrint
Former CAG Vinod Rai. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 9:11 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 10:11 pm
Former CAG Vinod Rai has come out with a stinging criticism of former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh saying integrity is not just financial but intellectual and professional too and claimed that Congress leaders had sought to apply pressure on him to keen the PM’s name out of audit reports.
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Singh and alleged suggested that he was more interested in remaining in power. “Integrity is not just financial; it is intellectual integrity; it is professional integrity. You have an oath of allegiance to the constitution and that is important,” he told Outlook magazine.
He was asked what was his understanding of PM’s psychology considering that many revered him as an elder statesman. Rai replied that “you cannot have the nation being subjugated to the state and the state being a coalition of political parties. The belief was that good politics makes good economics too. But does good politics mean just staying in power?”
Rai, who is writing a book on his days as head of Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG), said his phone was tapped by the then UPA government and he felt Singh was part of the decisions to allocate 2G telecom spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
“…in 2G and coal there is no way he (Singh) can shirk responsibility. In 2G all the letters written by (then telecom Minister) A Raja were to him and he was replying to those letters. I got no reply to any letter I wrote to him. “On one occasion when I called on him, the PM said I hope you don’t expect a reply from me, whereas he was replying to Raja twice a day. So how can he be not held responsible for the onus of that decision?,” Rai said.
Recalling that Singh had on November 16, 2010 told him that the figure of Rs 1.76 lakh crore 2G loss was not the right way of computing, Rai said he had told the then PM “‘Sir, these are the econometric methods that you have taught us’. This was sitting on the stage of Vigyan Bhavan”.

Audi and Chrysler fined for price-fixing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/69fff63a-3991-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pharma contract manufacturers seek WHO-GMP complianceBS Reporter |  Gandhinagar Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 08:58 PM IST
Pharma contract manufacturers seek WHO-GMP compliance
Apart from escalating demand by MNCs for contract manufacturing, Centre may incentivise upgradation of Schedule M facilities to WHO-GMP compliant units
As the share of multinational firms (MNCs) in pharmaceuticals contract manufacturing rises, more and more companies are looking at upgrading their facilities as per the World Health Organisation-Good Manufacturing Practices (WHO-GMP) norms to meet quality standards. What’s more according to the Indian Drug Manufacturers’ Association (IDMA) the Centre is likely to incentivise the upgradation of Schedule M facilities to  WHO-GMP compliant units through scheme of soft loans.
The move can see another 1,000 pharma manufacturing facilities, mainly small and medium enterprises (SMEs), to upgrade to WHO-GMP compliance within a year, IDMA feels. This would virtually double the existing number of such units in the country, currently pegged at around 1200 units.
The overall pharma contract manufacturing industry in the country is growing at 20 per cent, said S V Veerra Mani, president, IDMA adding that it offered a great opportunity for SMEs. At the moment, the size of contract manufacturing is estimated to be around 50 per cent of the domestic production or around Rs 35,000 crore.
Veerra Mani added that currently, MNCs enjoy around 20-25 per cent market share of the overall Rs 77,000 crore domestic pharma market, and nearly two-thirds of their production comes from contract manufacturing. “In short, the size of pharma contract manufacturing done by MNCs in India for the domestic market alone is around Rs 10,000 crore,” he said.
This presents a huge opportunity before the SMEs, and there is a strong traction towards upgrading the manufacturing facilities to meet WHO-GMP standards.
“The Centre is also planning to roll out a scheme to help SMEs to upgrade their Schedule M facilities to meet WHO-GMP compliance. This could be in the form of soft loans,” Veerra Mani said. He added that currently only 10 per cent of all manufacturing units in the country are WHO-GMP compliant, or around 1200 units.
“Another 1,000 units can easily upgrade themselves to WHO-GMP status within the next one year if the government incentive comes through,” he said.
IDMA has organised the fifth edition of the Pharmac India exhibition in Gandhinagar this year with the main aim to help SME contract manufacturers get a platform to connect with prospective businesses.
 Advertisements

We want to be a highly respected auto company globally: Mary BarraSharmistha Mukherjee |  New Delhi Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 11:47 PM IST
To be a global car maker, we need to be in India: Mary Barra
Interview with CEO, General Motors
On her maiden visit to India as chief executive officer of General Motors, Mary Barra visited the company’s facility in Talegaon, Pune, drove cars, and met suppliers, dealers and the business community to understand the needs of the Indian customer. In conversation with Sharmistha Mukherjee, Barra says GM is working on putting out the right products here because it will be difficult to make a mark globally without India. Edited excerpts:
GM has been in India for nearly two decades, yet sales have remained negligible.
The Indian market is very very important when you look at the fact that many predict by 2020 it will be the third largest car market behind China and the US. It was good to be here, to meet many in the business community, to meet suppliers and dealers, to look at our operations. It has been a great visit because I see a lot of opportunity here.
Very obviously, it starts with putting the customer at the centre. When you look at the customer in India, he has got great choices.
To win in this market we need to make sure we come to the marketplace with great vehicles, not only safe and of the highest quality but beautifully designed and with the right features so that they distinguish themselves and then finally over the lifetime of the vehicle to ensure it is a great experience.
At GM, our goal is clear. We want to be a highly respected automobile company globally. And, if we are not in the Indian market,  that makes it very difficult.
How will GM go about setting things right?
We are focused on five priorities. First, we understand that the customer is at the centre and our goal is to earn customers for life. We also understand the importance of brands and we want to make sure that we grow our brands. Our two global brands are Cadillac and Chevrolet — Chevrolet is the brand that we have in the Indian market.
We also want to make sure we are the leaders in technology and innovation, but it is not tech for technology’s sake.
We want to make sure that the technology we invest in creates direct value for the consumer.
We have an opportunity to drive for more efficiencies. We recently named our vice-president for operational excellence to make sure that in a very disciplined fashion we drive in efficiencies across the business — not only in manufacturing and engineering but across all aspects.
And, the fifth priority is to start instilling a culture to win. That is an important reason to be here this week, to get to spend time with the GM team in India and see their passion and their knowledge of the customer, their relationship with the dealer. It has been a beneficial week from that perspective.
GM operations in India and China are a study in contrast. How do you intend to change things in India?
When you highlight China, there we play in the core segments. Here we are on the fringes, or not present in some of the major segments. So what we are assessing is what is the right product portfolio. And it is not just today. We are looking at the horizon. The technical capability that GM has, we need to make sure we are bringing the right products to the market place.
What is the road map for product interventions in India and across the globe?
If I step around the world for a minute to look at places other than India, we have strong products lined up across the globe. In Europe, we will be launching 27 new Opel models between 2014 and 2018. In the US, from 2013-14 we have launched 32 new vehicles. In China with our partners we will introduce 17 new and upgraded models. In the international operations, including India, we have about 40 new products.
Right here in India, nearly 75 per cent of our sales are from either new or majorly redesigned products. So, we know that is our lifeline.
Besides, product introduction would you say that regaining customer confidence in the GM brand is a major area of concern for you given the recalls that have taken place in the company?
I would say as we go through the business we cannot escape the fact that we have had some challenges from the recall perspective. We have dealt with those in a very straight forward manner by being transparent, by doing what is right for the customer and making sure we learn from it so that it never happens again.
We continue to look at issues but our goal is fundamentally to make sure we improve our development process for new vehicles, to make sure we build defect free vehicles for the future. But if along the way we see that if there is a problem with the product, we will take appropriate action.
There has been a huge focus on improving quality across the company for each of the markets we participate in. I can tell you that earlier this year our VP of quality and customer experience visited our plants and did a product assessment. There was active work that was kicked off at the time.
We did exhaustive work to see if the problem on one vehicle was therein any other across our fleet, that is substantially complete. We launched the product integrity organisation where we benchmarked and incorporated learnings from industries like aerospace and nuclear that require a true zero defect mentality. If at any point in time, we learn there is an issue we will do a recall.
We have done a lot of work to make sure we have strong products. We will do the right thing and we are working hard to make sure that the new vehicles have even higher levels of quality.
GM continues to make losses in India. By when will Indian operations turn around and make money?
I am not going to speak specifically about the Indian market because again this trip was to come and spend time in many aspects that are critical for the business, meeting with our dealers, meeting with our suppliers, meeting with key members of business community to assess.
I think yes we have been here a long time and as we move forward and it is something we are doing in every market – making sure we put products in. We want to be not only a competitor in the market segment that we are in and in the countries we are in, but we want to lead.
Will you look at introducing the Cadillac brand in India?
Right now we are intent on achieving the true luxury status that Cadillac had held for many years. The most recent products launched in some markets, the ATS and CTS are award winning and the Escalade is doing well in North America.
We still have work to do to strengthen the brand. We are seeing great success in China and as we move forward and continue to build we will consider many markets around the globe. But we will do that in a very measured way, when we have to have the right product to lead from a segment perspective.
You are the first woman to head major auto company. Is that challenging?
I work in an industry that is incredibly exciting. It is challenging, global and ever-changing. I have never looked at it that way (that it is a men’s industry), its an industry I love and I am second generation into the auto industry. I have had big opportunities presented to me by GM through my career, from graduate level to education, and I have worked in many parts of the business.
I want GM India to provide a great opportunity for women. I encourage women to look into the maths and science arena. I am an engineer and I think that is the strength of India – it has a high graduation rate with technical degrees for both men and women. I would say they should continue to push for opportunities and look at GM India.
How do you see GM 10 years down the line? Will you be able to retain your leadership position?
We have demonstrated across many continents that we have the ability to do award winning products. We have a well defined game plan as we go forward and have set out very aggressive targets for ourselves for which we have the capital installed across the globe. I hope to improve upon our leadership position.
 Advertisements

Sadly  Pumpkin Spice Condoms Aren t A Thing After AllThe plot thickened this morning, when Durex initially tweeted a denial but then deleted it, leading to further confusion. Finally, though, Durex put the rumors to rest: an unnamed company spokesperson told BuzzFeed that Durex would not be coming out with a pumpkin spice condom .
“Durex has heard that people are saying we launched a ‘Pumpkin Spice’ condom," the spokesperson said. "We can’t claim this one, but we do love it when people spice it up in the bedroom."
Even though pumpkin spice condoms proved to be a myth, the Internet still had a field day. Never forget.
the pumpkin spice condom is available in tall, grande, and venti
*high fives self*

Govt okays 44 000-crore stake sale in three PSUsComments
The government on Wednesday approved share-sale plans in three major state-owned companies — Coal India Limited (CIL) , National Hydroelectric Power Corporation (NHPC) and Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) — that can potentially earn the exchequer Rs. 44,000 crore. 
If successfully concluded, the government can more than meet the Rs. 43,425-crore target it had set for earnings from stake sales in public sector companies in the current financial year.
It would also be the most the government has ever earned as disinvestment revenue in a single year, surpassing the previous best of Rs. 23,857.25 crore in 2011-12.
Revenue from selling shares in state-owned companies is critical to the government’s plans to keep the fiscal deficit — shorthand for the amount of money it borrows to fund its expenses — at 4.1% of the gross domestic product (GDP) in 2014-15.
“Disinvestment proposals of ONGC, Coal India and NHPC have been cleared by the cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA),” said an official statement after a meeting of the CCEA, which is headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The CCEA cleared a 10% stake dilution in Coal India, 5% in oil production major ONGC and 11.36% in power company NHPC.
At current market prices, the sale of shares could garner over Rs. 23,000 crore, Rs. 18,000 crore and Rs. 2,800 crore, respectively.
Besides, the previous government had cleared disinvestment in SAIL and according to sources, the 5% stake sale in the state-owned steel maker could take place this month itself, fetching the Centre an additional Rs. 1,600 crore.
The government has missed its disinvestment target for five consecutive financial years. Last year, it could raise only `16,027 crore against a budgeted target of Rs. 40,000 crore.
The Centre has already selected merchant bankers to manage the ONGC and NHPC offers  and will likely do the same for Coal India shortly, although it has to convince labour unions opposed to share sale plans in the world’s largest coal mining company.
The cabinet approval came weeks after capital market regulator Securities Exchange Board of India approved sweeping new norms, including making it mandatory for listed PSUs to pare promoters’ shareholding to 75% within the next three years.
 
The government currently holds stakes of 89.65% in Coal India, 85.96% in NHPC and 68.94% in ONGC.
    
The government has missed its disinvestment target for five consecutive financial years.
    
In 2010-11 and 2011-12 fiscals, the government had raised Rs. 22,144 crore and Rs. 13,894 crore through disinvestment, against the budgeted target of Rs. 40,000 crore in each year.
In 2012-13, it had raised Rs. 23,956 crore, as against the target of Rs. 30,000 crore.
    
In 2013-14, the government could raise Rs. 16,027 crore, as against the budgeted target of Rs. 40,000 crore. The target in revised estimates was scaled down to Rs. 16,027 crore.
(With PTI inputs) 

The Wolf of Wall Street wants redemptionThe Wolf of Wall Street wants redemption
By Heather Long  @byHeatherLong September 11, 2014: 10:30 AM ET
 
Put a muzzle on the 'Wolf of Wall Street'
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Jordan Belfort doesn't deny that his life in the 1990s was all about drugs, hookers and swindling people out of millions.
There's a reason his nickname is the "wolf of Wall Street" and he spent time in jail.
Now he wants the world -- including his 1,500 victims -- to see him as more of a sheep than a wolf as he tries to recast himself as a motivational speaker.
"I've redeemed myself. I do the right thing every day," he told a packed auditorium Wednesday night at an event run by the 92nd Street Y and the Forum on Law, Culture and Society at NYU School of Law. "I'm turning over all the profits to people who lost money."
Related: Ex-hedge fund manager gets 9 years
Belfort is required to pay back $110 million in restitution to his victims , although he still refers to them as "investors." So far he's handed over about $11 million.
Half of all of the proceeds he receives from book sales, speeches and the 2013 "Wolf of Wall Street" movie staring Leonardo DiCaprio should go to his victims. But some have raised questions about whether that's happening. He has dodged the subject at public events and walked out of an Australian TV interview over it.
Belfort claims he always idolized greedy Gordon Gekko from the 1987 film "Wall Street."
"The biggest problem is [Gekko] didn't take the fall in the movie," he said. "At least in the 'Wolf of Wall Street,' I lose everything. I go to jail."
Related: Ken Springer airs Wall Street's dirty laundry
Belfort spent 22 months in prison. He could have gone away for more than 30 years, but he cooperated with federal prosecutors to bring down others in the stock manipulation scheme he was a part of, and he managed to get a much lighter sentence in the process.
"I take it at face value that he has gone straight. He's tried to turn his life around," Daniel Alonso said at the event Wednesday, appearing alongside Belfort. Alonso is a former assistant U.S. Attorney who was involved in the case.
But for a lot of people, it's hard to think of Belfort as anything other than a crook.
He still views himself first and foremost as an expert salesman.
"Money is like alcohol. It makes you more of what you are. If you're an asshole, it makes you a bigger asshole," he said.
Belfort started as a stockbroker and went on to found his own brokerage firm, Stratton Oakmont, which was actually located on Long Island, not Wall Street. He made up the "wolf of Wall Street" moniker.
Belfort and his conspirators owned cheap stocks they were knowingly selling to others to bid up the price.
"Not a day went by where there wasn't a voice in the back of my head saying 'what the hell am I doing,?'" he said, noting that his life changed dramatically the day a co-conspirator handed him a bag with $300,000 in cash.
Alonso, the former prosecutor, said the movie got a lot right, especially when it came to portraying how backroom deals work with Swiss bankers and others.
"It's relatively accurate, including in terms of debauchery," Alonso noted.
Belfort still gets several hundred emails and letters a day about the film. He's leveraged his fame into a global speaking tour, including gigs at corporate events.
"If you want to hang on to mistakes I made 25 years ago, that's your prerogative," he said.
First Published: September 11, 2014: 7:40 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Justin Driver on Justice Scalias legacy and its criticsComments
By Will Baude September 11 at 12:05 PM
I’m increasingly pleased that I passed up an opportunity to review Bruce Murphy’s biography of Justice Scalia. While the reviews have not been universally negative, they have been widely so, pointing out both basic factual errors and more fundamental ones .
But I still found it worth reading this insightful review by my colleage Justin Driver. He opens with an account of Scalia’s important effect on the Court and this set piece:
On October 15, 1987, as Justice Antonin  Scalia settled into his second term at the Supreme Court, he emerged from conference with his eight colleagues to discover a peculiar scene unfolding within the building’s typically staid corridors. Just outside of the conference room began a seemingly endless trail of white placards decorating the hallway carpet. On each placard, in handwritten lettering, appeared the name of a single prominent opinion that Justice William Brennan had written for the Court during his lengthy, high-profile tenure. Brennan’s law clerks had assembled the parading placards to honor the liberal hero’s thirtieth  anniversary on the Court. As Brennan approached each sign, a law clerk later recalled, he would gleefully exclaim yet another landmark opinion’s name and then pause for a moment to recall his handiwork. Brennan was unaware that the Court’s newest member was following him only a few steps behind, grimly inspecting the assemblage of cases along the way. If Brennan was enjoying a stroll down Memory Lane, Scalia was enduring a slog up Trauma Avenue. For Scalia, Brennan’s extended run of liberal victories came at the cost of distorting the judiciary’s proper role in a democracy. When the trail of placards finally ended at Brennan’s chambers, Scalia managed to find a good-natured way of expressing his deep disagreement: “My Lord, Bill, have you got a lot  to answer for!”
Today, some twenty-eight years into Scalia’s justiceship, legal liberals increasingly understand that he has a considerable amount to answer for in his own right.
And from the start of a section dealing with Murphy:
On no topic, however, is Murphy’s treatment more objectionable than his fixation on Scalia’s Catholicism. Early in his book Murphy asserts that, alongside enjoying a good argument, Scalia’s central trait—one “that defined him at every stage in his life”—is “his unwaver ing adherence to the traditional Roman Catholic faith he had learned from his Italian American parents during his childhood.” Murphy then proceeds to advance this argument with fanatical, one might even say religious, fervor. Indeed, relying only on this biography, readers might be forgiven for concluding that Scalia is primarily a religious figure who manages to squeeze in a little legal  studying on the side.
I’ve been told that Justice Scalia is disproportionately cited/quoted/excerpted in public law casebooks, relative to various measures (like duration of service, authorship of opinions on subject, etc.). I haven’t replicated that research myself, but it certainly wouldn’t surprise me.
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410451538/1410451538000/1410451538 tracking: {authors=Will Baude, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=justin-driver-on-justice-scalias-legacy-and-its-critics, post_id=13354, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 4:05:38 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 4:05:38 PM

SsangYong Motor CompanyTVS expects break even of its Indonesian arm in FY15
Sep 11, 2014 at 19:04 | Source: PTI
During 2013-14, PT TVS sold 19,200 vehicles registering a growth of 3 percent as against 18,600 vehicles sold in the earlier year. While its domestic sales grew by 12 percent, the exports were down 3 percent.
SIAM criticises CCI for imposing penalty on car companies
Sep 11, 2014 at 11:53 | Source: PTI
ACMA President SIAM Vikram Kirloskar further said the Competition Commission of India (CCI) order is also a "demonstration  of government departments working in isolation" and each "working on narrow mandates".
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on Sep 11
Sep 11, 2014 at 08:52 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on Sep 11 - BPCL, TVS Motor, IDFC, Tata Motors, Sun Pharma, Axis Bank, ITC, Coal India, ONGC and NHPC.
Sep 10, 2014 at 15:42 | Source: PTI
Sudarshan Venu (24) has been a whole time director of the company since February 2013
Jaguar XE big volume boost for JLR; buy Tata Motors: Nomura
Sep 10, 2014 at 14:11 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
If the company manages to clock in sales of 60,000 units then Jaguar could grab around 3.5-4 percent market share in the segment, says Nomura.
WABCO India, TVS Motor to outperform: Satish Ramanathan
Sep 10, 2014 at 13:44 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Satish Ramanathan, Market Analyst is of the view that WABCO India and TVS Motor Company to outperform on the back of the recovery in commercial vehicle cycle.
TVS Motor appoints Sudarshan Venu as Joint MD
Sep 10, 2014 at 13:07 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
TVS Motor Company Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Sudarshan Venu, whole-time director, has been appointed, subject to the approval of the shareholders in the next general meeting, as Joint managing director in the rank of Managing Director of the Company, effective September 10, 2014.
Cash-rich Samkrg Pistons eyes 20% CAGR in next 3 years
Sep 10, 2014 at 11:10 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Two wheeler makers are expecting growth of around 15-20 percent going ahead, SDM Rao, chairman and MD, Samkrg Pistons & Rings said.
Stocks in news: ICICI Bank, Hindalco, Biocon, Sasken, JSPL
Sep 10, 2014 at 08:17 | Source: CNBC-TV18
ICICI Bank | Hindalco Industries | SBI | Wockhardt | SAIL | ONGC | Coal India | NHPC | IRB Infrastructure | Jubilant Life | Sasken Communications | Biocon | Hindustan Zinc | Godrej Industries | Puravankara Projects and Jindal Steel are stocks, which are in the news today.
TVS Motor has trebled this year, is it still a good buy?
Sep 09, 2014 at 17:13 | Source: CNBC-TV18
We have seen TVS sales gone up significantly. Earnings per share has doubled year-on-year basis. So there is a significant improvement of fundamentals as well, says Gopi Suvanam, founder of Investworks.
TVS expects break even of its Indonesian arm in FY15
Sep 11, 2014 at 19:04 | Source: PTI
During 2013-14, PT TVS sold 19,200 vehicles registering a growth of 3 percent as against 18,600 vehicles sold in the earlier year. While its domestic sales grew by 12 percent, the exports were down 3 percent.
SIAM criticises CCI for imposing penalty on car companies
Sep 11, 2014 at 11:53 | Source: PTI
ACMA President SIAM Vikram Kirloskar further said the Competition Commission of India (CCI) order is also a "demonstration  of government departments working in isolation" and each "working on narrow mandates".
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on Sep 11
Sep 11, 2014 at 08:52 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on Sep 11 - BPCL, TVS Motor, IDFC, Tata Motors, Sun Pharma, Axis Bank, ITC, Coal India, ONGC and NHPC.
Sep 10, 2014 at 15:42 | Source: PTI
Sudarshan Venu (24) has been a whole time director of the company since February 2013
WABCO India, TVS Motor to outperform: Satish Ramanathan
Sep 10, 2014 at 13:44 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Satish Ramanathan, Market Analyst is of the view that WABCO India and TVS Motor Company to outperform on the back of the recovery in commercial vehicle cycle.
Jaguar XE big volume boost for JLR; buy Tata Motors: Nomura
Sep 10, 2014 at 14:11 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
If the company manages to clock in sales of 60,000 units then Jaguar could grab around 3.5-4 percent market share in the segment, says Nomura.
TVS Motor appoints Sudarshan Venu as Joint MD
Sep 10, 2014 at 13:07 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
TVS Motor Company Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Sudarshan Venu, whole-time director, has been appointed, subject to the approval of the shareholders in the next general meeting, as Joint managing director in the rank of Managing Director of the Company, effective September 10, 2014.
Cash-rich Samkrg Pistons eyes 20% CAGR in next 3 years
Sep 10, 2014 at 11:10 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Two wheeler makers are expecting growth of around 15-20 percent going ahead, SDM Rao, chairman and MD, Samkrg Pistons & Rings said.
Buy TVS Motor on dips: Sharmila Joshi
Sep 09, 2014 at 16:54 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sharmila Joshi of sharmilajoshi.com is of the view that one may buy TVS Motor Company with a long term view.
Stocks in news: ICICI Bank, Hindalco, Biocon, Sasken, JSPL
Sep 10, 2014 at 08:17 | Source: CNBC-TV18
ICICI Bank | Hindalco Industries | SBI | Wockhardt | SAIL | ONGC | Coal India | NHPC | IRB Infrastructure | Jubilant Life | Sasken Communications | Biocon | Hindustan Zinc | Godrej Industries | Puravankara Projects and Jindal Steel are stocks, which are in the news today.
Videos »

Lanco Infratech shares zoom over 8% on fund raising plansLanco Infratech shares zoom over 8% on fund raising plans
PTI  Mumbai, September 11, 2014
First Published: 00:24 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:26 IST(11/9/2014)
Shares of Lanco Infratech surged on Wednesday over 8% as the company  plans to raise Rs. 5,000 crore by selling power projects having total generation capacity of 3,000 MW.
    
Lanco Infratech's scrip soared 8.42% to settle at Rs. 8.76 on the BSE. In intra-day, the stock jumped 9.9% to Rs. 8.88.
    
At the NSE, the scrip zoomed 8.02% to end at Rs. 8.75.
    
In terms of volume, 30.94 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over one crore shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
    
Lanco Infratech said on Tuesday it plans to raise Rs. 5,000 crore by selling power projects having total generation capacity of 3,000 MW, amid lenders looking at ways to improve the group's financial position.
"Lanco plans to sell 3,000 MW assets to raise Rs. 5,000 crore cash and to reduce the additional debt of Rs. 15,000 crore. Since last one year, we have been working on each of the project to settle the issues and bring back viability," a company statement had said.
    
Recently, Lanco Infratech entered into a pact to sell its 1,200 MW Udupi thermal plant to Adani Power in a deal worth over Rs. 6,000 crore.
    
From the sale of its Udupi plant, the group expects to see a net cash inflow of Rs. 925 crore after adjustments.

Yamaha set to launch updated version of FZ series FazerExpress News Service | Posted: September 11, 2014 9:12 pm
It’s the year of revival of Yamaha’s ‘Lord of the streets’. After giving a comprehensive makeover to the FZ series in the form of FZ FI Version 2.0 and FZ-S FI Version 2.0, Yamaha is all set to launch the expected update of the faired version of FZ series, Fazer. The 2014 Yamaha Fazer FI Version 2.0 has finally started arriving the showrooms all over India. Though still not officially launched, the bike has been spotted at a dealership in Gurgaon, which was kept on display for the customers and on further investigation from the men at dealership, what has come to be known is that the bike is priced at Rs.94,305 (price On-road Gurgaon).
The bike retains all the cosmetic upgrades which the FZ series recently received, in the form of new body panels including the new fuel tank, side and rear body panels, new tail light, split seats, split rear pillion grab rails, tyre hugger, new exhaust pipe, new fully digital instrument console and new body graphics, retaining the muscular appeal of the bike, but in a rather athletic manner. What it gets as an addition over the naked FZs, is a half-fairing which looks like a reworked unit over that of the outgoing model, courtesy the new sharper design for the headlamp casing, pilot lamp, front visor and side panels of the fairing.
Apart from the aesthetic equipment, the Fazer FI Version 2.0 also borrows the powermill from the updated FZ and FZ-S, albeit without any changes. That means, the updated Fazer runs on the re-engineered 4-stroke, air-cooled, 149cc engine, which pumps out rather ‘unimpressive-on-paper’ figures of 13.1 PS of power and 12.8 Nm of torque. Though the engine claims to be much more refined and responsive in feel than before, with the help of the addition of Yamaha’s new ‘Blue Core’ technology and fuel-injection system. The engine continues to be coupled up with the same 5-speed gearbox as before.
Other mechanical components of the updated Fazer FI Version 2.0, though, are the same as that of the outgoing model. As far as the suspension goes, the front 41mm telescopic forks and rear monoshock will continue to be delivering the perfect balance of ride quality, making it an apt tourer. The braking combination, front disc and rear drum, will hopefully continue being perfect, though it is a bid saddening that Yamaha has decided not to give it a rear disc brake. The tyres, though retaining the same size of 100/80×17 front and 140/60×16 rear MRF rubbers, are also a bit newer, which are now made of softer compound and sporting different tread design continued…

Himalya International offers its number one selling product in North EastHimalya International offers its number one selling product in North East
Late revival helps narrow monsoon deficitSanjeeb Mukherjee |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:31 AM IST
Late rain revival helps narrow deficit, concerns remain
The revival, however, isn't enough to offset the rainfall deficiency in 31% of the country
Towards the end of the four-month southwest monsoon, rains have seen a revival, narrowing the cumulative national deficit to 11 per cent of the long-period average (the past 50-year average), as of Thursday.
The revival, however, isn’t enough to offset the rainfall deficiency in 31 per cent of the country. The deficiency primarily resulted from poor showers during the first 45 days of the monsoon. The deficit, 15 per cent on September 3, fell to 14 per cent on September 4 and 12 per cent on September 6. Since then, it has stood at about 11 per cent.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) said in 17 regions of the country, the deficit was more than the national average.
The worst-hit regions are Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab, Telangana and Maharashtra’s Marathwada region. In Punjab, the cumulative rainfall deficiency, as of Thursday, stood at 48 per cent; it was about 60 per cent 10 days earlier. During the same period, rainfall deficiency in Haryana fell from 60 per cent to 54 per cent. In Uttar Pradesh, Telangana and Marathwada, too, the deficiency narrowed. Rains in the week to Wednesday were 64 per cent above average, the highest this monsoon, IMD said on Thursday
The late monsoon showers have revived interest in sowing kharif crops. As of September 5, the area under kharif crops was just three per cent less than in the year-ago period. Compared to the corresponding period last year, the fall in the area under coarse cereals, pulses and oilseeds was the highest.
Experts remain divided over the impact of the late resurgence of the monsoon on the kharif crop. “I don’t think the loss to agriculture can be fully compensated by the late resurgence. In many pockets, 30-40 per cent of the area is still unsown. Therefore, to expect the monsoon showers will wipe off all woes is wrong,” said Mahesh Palawat, chief meteorologist of Skymet Weather Services, a private weather forecasting agency.
Ramesh Chand, director of the National Centre for Agriculture Economics and Policy Research, however, believes any amount of rain is good for agriculture, even if it is towards the end of the monsoon. "I agree the late showers won't bring things to normal and there will be some setback to production, but the situation on the ground is far better than a week ago," he said.
Withdrawal might start early next week: Skymet
Withdrawal of the southwest monsoon might start early next week, weather forecasting agency Skymet has said. India Meteorological Department officials, however, did not confirm this. Skymet said the cyclonic weather, responsible for the current spell of rains in north India, would start weakening in the next two-three days. The southwest monsoon usually starts withdrawing from west Rajasthan on September 1.
 Advertisements

Intern Queen Campus AmbassadorsGET UPDATES FROM Intern Queen Campus Ambassadors
 
Like
Our amazing Intern Queen network consists of Campus Ambassadors from over 100 schools across the country. They're responsible for spreading the word about InternQueen.com to their campus and social network, sharing their insight into the internship needs of students across the nation, expanding the Intern Queen brand, creating unique blog content for the Intern Queen Blog, helping Intern Queen spread the word about our partner brands and test new products from brands we work with, and so much more!
Entries by Intern Queen Campus Ambassadors
Bringing What You Learned at Your Internship Abroad Back to America
(0) Comments | Posted September 10, 2014 | 6:49 PM
This blog post was written by Intern Queen Campus Ambassador Lauren Hannigan of University of Illinois, Urbana - Champaign.
Everyone who has ever studied abroad can attest to the fact that it will be one of the...

John Oliver On For-Profit Schools:  A First-Class Education In The Depths Of Human DepravityPrevious Story
Next Story
John Oliver On Student Debt And For-Profit Schools: 'A First-Class Education In The Depths Of Human Depravity'
reddit
On the first "Last Week Tonight" following his August break, John Oliver had an important message for college students: stop watching his show right now. Well, maybe not right now ... maybe right after he provides a greater understanding as to the cost of higher education.
In an in-depth segment on the student loan crisis in America, Oliver uncovered the truth about many for-profit colleges, including their astronomical costs, what they spend their profits on and, most shockingly, their recruitment policies.
"It's maybe not saying much for your business model," Oliver railed, after revealing one school's "Manchurian Candidate" inspired recruitment strategy, "if your essential logic is, 'Hey guys, this worked really well for the Nazis, let's at least give it a go.'"
With $1 Trillion in student loan debt owed as of 2012, incoming college freshman can probably count on paying for their education for the rest of their lives. So, Oliver summed up, they better turn off the television and get out there and enjoy the next four years while they can.
"Last Week Tonight" airs Sunday at 11:00 p.m. ET on HBO.
Also on HuffPost:

RadioShack seeks a lifelineRadioShack, almost out of cash, seeks a lifeline
By Chris Isidore  @CNNMoneyInvest September 11, 2014: 8:41 AM ET
 
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
RadioShack, with its cash reserves dwindling, is looking for a financial lifeline.
The troubled electronics retailer says it is "actively exploring" ways to get additional cash from a number of parties. It's also negotiating with existing lenders, bondholders, shareholders and landlords about a financial turnaround plan.
But the financial results it reported in the same report were anything but encouraging.
Sales at stores open at least a year plunged 20% due to lack of customer traffic and weak demand for mobile devices. Losses more than doubled to $137.4 million.
The company continued to burn through its cash. It ended the quarter with only $30.5 million on its balance sheet. That's down from $179.8 million at the start of the year.
The announcement initially lifted shares of RadioShack ( RSH ) in premarket trading. But they turned lower, and went further below the $1 mark.
Related: Six endangered brands
The company's tenuous cash position is one of the factors raising alarms about its ability to survive. Credit rating agency Moody's has said it expects the company to run out of cash by fall 2015.
If it does find a lifeline, it could be from its largest shareholder, hedge fund Standard General , which owns nearly 10% of the company. Last month, sources told CNNMoney that it was in talks to give it a cash infusion.
The company's huge network of more than 5,000 stores has done little to help it hold off competition from Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ) and other online retailers.
 
Radio Shack needs nerds
The company now depends on smartphones and tablets for more than half its sales. Those are competitive, low-margin products. And each smartphone sale hurts RadioShack's chance to sell its higher-margin products, such as digital cameras and GPS systems.
But even if RadioShack gets a financial lifeline, that doesn't mean the store near you is more likely to stay open. In fact, part of the reason it needs cash is to close money-losing stores. Closing stores takes cash -- to pay severance, to get out of leases and to dispose of inventory.
In March, the company announced it needed to close 1,100 stores , or about 20% of its total. But three months later, it was forced to scale back to only 200 store closings when lenders balked at providing the cash needed to close more stores.
First Published: September 11, 2014: 7:18 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Soft robot ditches its cumbersome cordBy Rachel Feltman September 11 at 12:08 PM Follow @rachelfeltman
Soft robots are the coolest. Made without the stiff mechanical components of a traditional robot, they're much better at bending and squeezing into tight spaces. With no hard edges, they're also less likely to hurt the animals, people and objects they interact with. Because of this, engineers have suggested that soft robots could be used to crawl into collapsed buildings in search-and-rescue missions, or even be used as a safer alternative to current robotic surgical tools.
But soft robotics is still in its early stages, and most designs have to stay tethered to an air source. These air pumps allow the robot to move pneumatically, by shifting air into different parts of its anatomy.
This new design, described in the recently established Soft Robotics journal, gets all of the equipment right onto the bot's back. Its creators put it to the test in extreme heat and cold, showing that their robot -- in addition to looking an awful lot like that old cartoon character Gumby -- is a solid step toward autonomous, untethered search-and-rescue robot.
Without a cumbersome air pump attached to the robot, it could theoretically wiggle its way into any environment. It still has a lot of components that are less than squishy -- processors, pumps, and a power supply -- but researchers are already brainstorming ways to replace these with flexible pieces.
You can see more footage of the new robot enjoying its freedom on  Harvard's Web site .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410451696/1410451696000/1410451696 tracking: {authors=Rachel Feltman, blog_name=speaking-of-science, content_category=National, in_url_headline=this-robot-can-withstand-fire-and-snow-but-thats-not-its-most-impressive-feature, post_id=996, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 4:08:16 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 4:08:16 PM

Global investors lining up for Indias power sector: GoyalComments
The domestic power sector is set to witness some big-ticket investments with companies and fund managers both in India and abroad showing keen interest in the sector.
“I am being approached by investors from all over the world… the Japanese and Australian have indicated their interest to come and invest in the energy sector…going forward I expect the same interest to come from the US as well,” power, coal and renewable energy minister, Piyush Goyal, told HT.
“Look at the deals (recent takeovers) that are happening … there is competition of sorts among leading companies. I am confident that we are heading towards a period where people will fight to invest in India’s energy sector,” he added.
Besides, projects undertaken by central PSUs offer investors huge opportunities. “Look at NTPC and its growth chart…it is perhaps the best PSU that can be showcased in the power sector,” the minister said.
The ministry is also likely to hold domestic and international road shows to attract investors. “There is a need to examine why the good profit-making central PSUs are valued less. In order to shore up valuations, a plan may be made for domestic as well as international roadshows,” the minutes of a meeting between Goyal and the heads of central power and coal PSUs  said. HT is in possession of the document.
In fact, at a recent session with the minister, CPSU heads were asked to submit a plan for conducting road shows, a CMD of a leading power company told HT. “The proposal is being prepared by chairmen and MDs of all leading PSUs,” he said.

Sun Pharma seeks shareholders  nod for Rs 12 000-cr QIPBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 11:58 PM IST
Sun Pharma seeks shareholders' nod for Rs 12,000-crore QIP
The company is also considering shareholders' nod for borrowing Rs 50,000 cr
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, India's largest drug maker by value, is looking to get shareholders' approval to raise qualified institutional placement (QIP) worth Rs 12,000 crore at its 27th annual general meeting to be held by the end of September.
Sun Pharma stated the company wanted shareholders’ approval to "issue, offer and allot equity shares or non-convertible securities, other than warrants, up to an amount of Rs 12,000 crore ($2 billion), to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to a QIP." It is also considering shareholders' nod for borrowing Rs 50,000 crore.
The purpose behind raising the fund is not known. Last year, there were reports that Sun Pharma was in talks to buy Sweden's Meda AB for a sum between $5 billion and $6 billion, to boost its generics business in developed markets.
ALSO READ:  Sun Pharma draws up plan to fix ailing Ranbaxy
Shares of Sun Pharma fell on the BSE on Thursday following reports of a surprise inspection by US Food and Drug Administration officials at its Halol unit on Wednesday.  The stock fell six per cent intraday to touch a low of Rs 808, before closing at Rs 822.8, a loss of Rs 36.8 or 4.29 per cent.
The surprise inspection took place due to an increased number of recalls from the plant. Sun Pharma recently recalled 40,000 bottles of Venlafaxine Hydrochloride extended-release tablets, Gemcitabine and Metformin, manufactured at Halol from the US market.
 Advertisements

World Trade OrganizationUN says $600 mln needed to tackle Ebola as deaths top 1,900
Sep 04, 2014 at 08:27 | Source: Reuters
The hemorrhagic fever has spread to Liberia, Sierra Leone, Guinea, Nigeria, and Senegal, and has killed more people than all outbreaks since Ebola was first uncovered in 1976. There are no approved Ebola vaccines or treatments.
The missing link in Asia's economic recovery
Sep 02, 2014 at 08:42 | Source: CNBC
"There has been a striking breakdown in the relationship between Asia`s exports and demand indicators in the US/European Union," said Taimur Baig, economist at Deustche Bank.
Aug 25, 2014 at 22:31 | Source: CNBC-TV18
100 day report card of commerce and industry ministry
Gold premiums to stay low in 2014 due to weak demand
Aug 21, 2014 at 18:35 | Source: Reuters
Struggling with a high trade deficit, India raised its gold import duty to a record 10 percent last year and made it mandatory to export a fifth of all bullion imports. Gold is India's second-biggest expense on the import bill after oil.
Why this carry trade remains 'best in the world'
Aug 13, 2014 at 16:29 | Source: CNBC
The currency fell 2.6 percent from its July 1 year-to-date high of USD 0.9504 against the US dollar to a two-month low of around USD 0.9236 last week amid rising unemployment and a weaker growth outlook.
Global customs deal failure could affect other talks: WTO
Aug 12, 2014 at 08:28 | Source: Reuters
Late last month, India torpedoed a deal to simplify, standardize and streamline the rules for shipping goods across borders, know as "trade facilitation", after it demanded concessions on agricultural stockpiling.
Book publishing helps News Corp beat revenue estimates
Aug 08, 2014 at 08:42 | Source: Reuters
News Corp, whose shares were up marginally at USD 17.50 in after-market trading on Thursday, has been focusing more on book publishing as its newspaper business struggles with weak ad spending in an increasingly digital world.
Top buzzing stocks to trade on August 6
Aug 06, 2014 at 13:29 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are few top buzzing stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have the rupee, Infosys, Hindustan Unilever (HUL), Bata, JB Chemicals, Meghmani Organics, Jindal Poly and Tata Chemicals.
Nuway Organic N standalone Jun '14 sales at Rs 11.88 crore
Aug 04, 2014 at 14:53 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nuway Organic Naturals (India) has reported a standalone sales turnover of Rs 11.88 crore and a net loss of Rs 1.47 crore for the quarter ended Jun '14
Now that WTO deal is scuttled, what should Modi do next?
Aug 02, 2014 at 14:01 | Source: Firstpost.com
Both Kerry and Modi were effectively throwing red herrings to sidestep the real issues: those pushing TFA hardest are likely to be its main beneficiaries.
UN says $600 mln needed to tackle Ebola as deaths top 1,900
Sep 04, 2014 at 08:27 | Source: Reuters
The hemorrhagic fever has spread to Liberia, Sierra Leone, Guinea, Nigeria, and Senegal, and has killed more people than all outbreaks since Ebola was first uncovered in 1976. There are no approved Ebola vaccines or treatments.
The missing link in Asia's economic recovery
Sep 02, 2014 at 08:42 | Source: CNBC
"There has been a striking breakdown in the relationship between Asia`s exports and demand indicators in the US/European Union," said Taimur Baig, economist at Deustche Bank.
Aug 25, 2014 at 22:31 | Source: CNBC-TV18
100 day report card of commerce and industry ministry
Gold premiums to stay low in 2014 due to weak demand
Aug 21, 2014 at 18:35 | Source: Reuters
Struggling with a high trade deficit, India raised its gold import duty to a record 10 percent last year and made it mandatory to export a fifth of all bullion imports. Gold is India's second-biggest expense on the import bill after oil.
Why this carry trade remains 'best in the world'
Aug 13, 2014 at 16:29 | Source: CNBC
The currency fell 2.6 percent from its July 1 year-to-date high of USD 0.9504 against the US dollar to a two-month low of around USD 0.9236 last week amid rising unemployment and a weaker growth outlook.
Global customs deal failure could affect other talks: WTO
Aug 12, 2014 at 08:28 | Source: Reuters
Late last month, India torpedoed a deal to simplify, standardize and streamline the rules for shipping goods across borders, know as "trade facilitation", after it demanded concessions on agricultural stockpiling.
Book publishing helps News Corp beat revenue estimates
Aug 08, 2014 at 08:42 | Source: Reuters
News Corp, whose shares were up marginally at USD 17.50 in after-market trading on Thursday, has been focusing more on book publishing as its newspaper business struggles with weak ad spending in an increasingly digital world.
Top buzzing stocks to trade on August 6
Aug 06, 2014 at 13:29 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are few top buzzing stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have the rupee, Infosys, Hindustan Unilever (HUL), Bata, JB Chemicals, Meghmani Organics, Jindal Poly and Tata Chemicals.
Nuway Organic N standalone Jun '14 sales at Rs 11.88 crore
Aug 04, 2014 at 14:53 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nuway Organic Naturals (India) has reported a standalone sales turnover of Rs 11.88 crore and a net loss of Rs 1.47 crore for the quarter ended Jun '14
WTO fails to agree global trade deal, Azevedo says
Aug 01, 2014 at 08:35 | Source: Reuters
"We have not been able to find a solution that would allow us to bridge that gap," WTO Director-General Roberto Azevedo told trade diplomats at a meeting in Geneva just two hours before the final deadline for a deal.
Videos »

The financial benefits of knowing what you want to do before collegeDiplomas that say "Technology" somewhere tend to pay. Reuters
SHARE
Max Nisen @MaxNisen
2 hours ago
Given the current job environment, it’s unsurprising that schools with a narrow focus on technology or engineering produce the highest-paid graduates. According to new data from career and salary data site PayScale,  which lists median salaries for graduates of thousands of US schools, picking an institution that specializes in what you want to do or study has its benefits.
The list of schools where a bachelor degree pays off the quickest includes a high concentration of technology focused, or otherwise narrowly specialized schools. Many are elite institutions, but the benefits aren’t limited to them.
Some of the highest salaries go to graduates of schools like Montana Tech, OHSU (Oregon Health and Science University), or the Colorado School of Mines. These aren’t especially prestigious places, but they emphasize practical skills in fields where such expertise is in high demand. And their students have a strong track record of working in their fields of study—one generally doesn’t attend the Colorado School of Mines without the intention of pursuing an engineering career.
The elite military academies also are heavily represented. But they get a boost from the way the data’s calculated–it doesn’t include salaries for active service members. So the graduates who are counted are the ones in the civilian labor force. They generally would have entered these jobs having had post-graduate experience as a military officer, something most folks just entering the workforce can’t quite match.
Here are median salaries for former students up to five years into their careers:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Many of these schools are among the  favorite recruiting grounds  of high-paying companies like Google and Facebook. Plenty of these schools’ graduates study less technical fields or end up in non-technical professions. But they’re less likely to do so.
A similar set of schools dominates for graduates a bit further removed from their alma maters. There are a few less-focused schools in the mix, including the arguably increasingly tech centric Stanford, but when looking at salaries of former students 10 years or more into their careers, narrowly focused schools like SUNY’s Maritime College and the Stevens Institute of Technology still take up a large portion of the top slots:
Share
Tap image to zoom
When you include those who went on to get a graduate degree at their alma mater or another institution, technical schools still crowd the top of the rankings for professionals early in their careers. Yale only cracks the top 10 after its graduates have been in the labor force for at least a decade, and is still behind schools like SUNY Maritime and Cooper Union.
It’s not all dire for the bright-but-undecided. When schools are ranked by the amount that median salary increases from early to mid career, the professional and technically oriented schools aren’t quite as dominant:
Share
Tap image to zoom
But whether it’s a function of having an easier time finding a job, progressing more rapidly in a career, or deliberately selecting into high paying careers, there seems to be an advantage to having one-track mind.
Share this:

How to Handle an Internship That Isn t What You Expectedreddit
This blog post was written by Intern Queen Campus Ambassador Jackie O'Shaughnessy of UNC - Chapel Hill.
As college students, many of us spend our time scouring the Internet in search of the perfect internship -- one that will teach us, challenge us, or even land us a dream job. But what happens when your internship doesn't turn out to be what you thought it would be? What happens when you find yourself with a lot of free time that you didn't anticipate and you start spending much more time on social media and much less time learning practical skills? Here are some tips to make the most out of unfulfilling internships.
1. Ask for tasks.
When you don't have much to do, there is no harm in asking! This may seem somewhat daunting at first, depending on what kind of relationship you're building with your supervisor, but it will make your internship much more worthwhile and your supervisor will appreciate your enthusiasm and proactivity.
2. Find productive things to work on.
If you've already asked and there are no tasks to complete, DO NOT GET ON FACEBOOK FOR 3 HOURS. It's really easy to scroll through your timeline of posted pictures and interesting articles, but you'll be much better off writing your own blog, updating your resume and cover letter, or working on a 5 year plan. Believe me, stay away from social media.
3. Stay motivated.
When you haven't been given many assignments at your internship, it can be easy to get discouraged, but stay on the ball! Put on a blazer and a smile and give every project your best effort.  Show your boss your A+ game and this could lead to more responsibilities in the future.
4. Keep. Showing. Up.
Do whatever it takes to get there. If you have a smartphone, give your alarm abrasive titles in all caps such as, "GET UP RIGHT NOW SERIOUSLY." Drag your body out of bed and catch whatever form of public transportation you take to work. And I don't just mean showing up physically, but mentally too. Run, shower, drink coffee, do some sun salutations. Figure out what you need to do to wake yourself up and make it a part of your morning routine.
5. Find a mentor.
Having free time in your office environment could turn out to be a blessing in disguise if you spend it with the right people. Try to find someone in your office that you can connect to and learn from. Create a solid relationship with this person and if nothing else, you will have gained a person in your industry to answer your questions and serve as a role model.
Unfulfilling internships can get frustrating but remember that your work in the short-term can lead to amazing long-term opportunities. Stay on top of your game and good things will come your way!
Follow Intern Queen Campus Ambassadors on Twitter: www.twitter.com/InternQueen
More:

Pharmaceutical industrySun Pharmaceutical Industries' AGM on Sep 27, 2014
Sep 11, 2014 at 21:35 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.
Buy Dolphin Offshore, Pennar Industries, Cipla: Pankaj Jain
Sep 11, 2014 at 15:13 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Pankaj Jain, Director at Sunteck Wealthmax Capital is of the view that one can buy Dolphin Offshore, Pennar Industries, Cipla and Motherson Sumi Systems.
Buy Sun Pharma; target of Rs 944: Firstcall Research
Sep 11, 2014 at 13:46 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Firstcall Research is bullish on Sun Pharmaceutical Industries and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 944 in its September 06, 2014 research report.
Drug patent expiry in US- Opportunity for Indian pharma cos
Sep 11, 2014 at 13:21 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to CARE Ratings, patent expiration in the USA is a great news for not only consumers, with cheaper generics available in the market; but also for the Indian Pharmaceutical industry where generics account for approximately 75% of the total sales, says the report.
Halol contributes 35-40% to Sun's US sales: Angel Broking
Sep 11, 2014 at 10:54 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nangra believes that most pharma stocks are trading at fair valuations post the recent run-up in the market. She likes Dr Reddys and IPCA Labs in the space.
Sun Pharma down 6% on surprise audit by USFDA at Halol unit
Sep 11, 2014 at 09:56 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sources say Sun Pharma was taken by surprise when a team of 5 inspectos of United States Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) walked in on Monday morning for inspection that is still ongoing.
US drug patent expiries to benefit Indian pharma industry
Sep 11, 2014 at 09:00 | Source: PTI
Indian pharmaceutical companies have an opportunity to capitalise on the patent cliff and gain a greater share of the growing generics market.
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on Sep 11
Sep 11, 2014 at 08:52 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on Sep 11 - BPCL, TVS Motor, IDFC, Tata Motors, Sun Pharma, Axis Bank, ITC, Coal India, ONGC and NHPC.
First look: Your 10-sec guide to global market action
Sep 11, 2014 at 07:53 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
US markets recovered to end higher as S&P 500 closed with nearly half a percent gains as investors debated when the Federal Reserve would start hiking interest rates. And in Asia, markets are mixed in morning trade.
FDA conducting surprise audit at Sun's Halol unit: Sources
Sep 10, 2014 at 21:48 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The US drug regulator is conducting a surprise audit at Sun Pharma Halol facility in Gujarat. The audit started on Monday and is still going on, sources told CNBC-TV18s Archana Shukla.
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries' AGM on Sep 27, 2014
Sep 11, 2014 at 21:35 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries has informed that the 22nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.
Buy Sun Pharma; target of Rs 944: Firstcall Research
Sep 11, 2014 at 13:46 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Firstcall Research is bullish on Sun Pharmaceutical Industries and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 944 in its September 06, 2014 research report.
Buy Dolphin Offshore, Pennar Industries, Cipla: Pankaj Jain
Sep 11, 2014 at 15:13 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Pankaj Jain, Director at Sunteck Wealthmax Capital is of the view that one can buy Dolphin Offshore, Pennar Industries, Cipla and Motherson Sumi Systems.
Drug patent expiry in US- Opportunity for Indian pharma cos
Sep 11, 2014 at 13:21 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
According to CARE Ratings, patent expiration in the USA is a great news for not only consumers, with cheaper generics available in the market; but also for the Indian Pharmaceutical industry where generics account for approximately 75% of the total sales, says the report.
Halol contributes 35-40% to Sun's US sales: Angel Broking
Sep 11, 2014 at 10:54 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Nangra believes that most pharma stocks are trading at fair valuations post the recent run-up in the market. She likes Dr Reddys and IPCA Labs in the space.
Sun Pharma down 6% on surprise audit by USFDA at Halol unit
Sep 11, 2014 at 09:56 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sources say Sun Pharma was taken by surprise when a team of 5 inspectos of United States Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) walked in on Monday morning for inspection that is still ongoing.
FDA conducting surprise audit at Sun's Halol unit: Sources
Sep 10, 2014 at 21:48 | Source: CNBC-TV18
The US drug regulator is conducting a surprise audit at Sun Pharma Halol facility in Gujarat. The audit started on Monday and is still going on, sources told CNBC-TV18s Archana Shukla.
First look: Your 10-sec guide to global market action
Sep 11, 2014 at 07:53 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
US markets recovered to end higher as S&P 500 closed with nearly half a percent gains as investors debated when the Federal Reserve would start hiking interest rates. And in Asia, markets are mixed in morning trade.
US drug patent expiries to benefit Indian pharma industry
Sep 11, 2014 at 09:00 | Source: PTI
Indian pharmaceutical companies have an opportunity to capitalise on the patent cliff and gain a greater share of the growing generics market.
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on Sep 11
Sep 11, 2014 at 08:52 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Here are top 10 stocks to keep an eye on Sep 11 - BPCL, TVS Motor, IDFC, Tata Motors, Sun Pharma, Axis Bank, ITC, Coal India, ONGC and NHPC.
Videos »

Bond markets braced for Scotland impactSeptember 11, 2014 3:19 pm
Bond markets braced for Scotland impact
By Elaine Moore
Tartan bonds likely issued next year regardless of vote outcome
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47c407f2-376e-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Central govt hikes royalty for gold  iron-ore miningComments
The government has revised royalty rates for about 50-odd major minerals including gold, bauxite, iron ore and limestone to increase revenue of the state governments from natural resources but has decided to dump the new mineral development bill that provided for mandatory sharing of profits with locals.
The mines ministry last week notified new rates for major minerals as demanded by several chief ministers, such as Naveen Patnaik of Odisha and Raman Singh of Chhattisgarh, in order to boost state revenues.
A big change brought out in the new rules is that the royalty would be calculated on basis of average sale price instead of their earlier norm of sale price. “This has been done to bring in clarity in rules as some states had fixed royalty on lower sale price than the average resulting in loss to the government revenue,” a ministry official said.
The mines ministry fixes royalty for major minerals whereas the state governments decide on royalty rates for minor minerals.  Royalty for coal is fixed by the coal ministry.
While the royalty for many minerals have been slightly increased the royalty for gold has been doubled from two to four percent and increased 50% for iron ore from 10% to 15%. Royalty for lead- and lime-based minerals have been increased by about 20% and that of manganese ore has also been hiked by about 10%.
The mechanism to calculate royalty on graphite has been changed from ad valorem basis to tonnage mined while  two more categories for calculating royalty have been introduced.
However, while the rates have gone up, the ministry has quietly dumped the Mines and Mineral (Development and Regulation) Bill of 2011 that stipulated a mechanism for ensuring that locals benefited economically and socially from mining. The bill had said that a district mineral fund should be set up in which the royalty would be deposited and provided for 26% mandatory sharing of profits by companies with locals through a district development authority.

10  poorest  companies make investors richEMAIL
AP
Investors love to think companies with piles of cash must surely make them rich, too. But this year, it’s the companies with the least moolah that are making the most cash for investors.
The 10 companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 with the least amount of cash, cash equivalents and investments, including energy firm Range Resources (RRC) , Martin Marietta (MLM) and telecom Windstream Holdings (WIN) , have outperformed both the market and the companies with the deepest pockets, according to a USA TODAY review of data from S&P Capital IQ. The analysis excluded financial firms. And the analysis is based on the balance sheet classifications of cash and investments.
Shares of these “cash poor” companies, on average, are up 12.8% on average this year. That beats the nearly 8% gain by the Standard & Poor’s 500 this year. And it’s double the the 5.6% average gain of the stocks with the most money and investments, including Apple (AAPL) , General Electric (GE) and Exxon Mobil (XOM) .
Below is a chart that plots a custom equal-weighted index of the “cash poor” companies versus the “cash rich” ones and the S&P 500:
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ, USA TODAY
The big winner among the companies with (much) less money than Apple is Newfield Exploration, an energy firm that reported cash and investments of just $62 million. Shares of the company are up 60% this year thanks to investors expectation of better earnings growth ahead. Analysts are forecasting adjusted earnings in 2014 to be up 29% this year.
Another big winner with not much cash in the bank is Martin Marietta Materials. The stock is up 31%, even though the company reported cash and investments of just $34 million. Again, it’s another story of investors seeing strong growth ahead. Analysts are calling for the company to post 43% higher adjusted earnings this year.
That’s not to say there aren’t any “rich” companies’ stocks doing well. Apple has $165 billion in cash and investments, more than any other company in the study. And the stock is up a respectable 22% this year. But on the other hand, there’s General Electric, which reported a big pile of nearly $70 billion. The stock, though, is down 7.6% this year.
And to be sure, there are some accounting and market nuances to be aware of in any analysis like this. And these “cash poor” companies likely have more cash than that’s indicated in the strict balance sheet classifications. Energy firm, Range Resources, for instance didn’t provide a cash line item, however it did report current assets of $203 million, some of which might be cash. Additionally, many of these companies are energy companies which may not have much cash on hand, but are generating cash flow and have much of their capital invested in long-term equipment. Short-term investments were included in the analysis since these assets can be turned into cash in less than a year. Long-term investments were included since many companies invest excess cash in order to get a return, but these investments can be liquid if needed.
But one thing’s for sure. None of these companies have anywhere near the financial resources of the Apple’s of the world. So, chalk one up for the companies of more modest means — at least this year.
Below are the 10 companies in the S&P 500 that have the least amount of cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and long-term investments:
Company

Spain faces a bitter political crisis amid mounting calls for independence from the northern region© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea95aa3a-34e9-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bribe charges link Alstom to firms from Singapore  Hong KongAnusha Soni |  New Delhi Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 11:50 PM IST
Bribe charges link Alstom to firms from Singapore, Hong Kong
Alstom is accused of paying bribes to Indian public officials to secure Delhi metro contracts
A tramway made by French train maker Alstom drives past the Alstom production site in Villeurbanne
The two companies allegedly used by French company Alstom as a route to pay bribes to win signalling contract for the first two phases of the Delhi Metro rail system are registered in Singapore and Hong Kong.
One of the consultancy firms, called Indo European Ventures Pte Ltd, is registered in Singapore at 100, Sultan Plaza, Jalan Sultan, according to the government's website. Ownership details are not available but the website says the company has met the annual filing procedures. The company does not have an active website and no contact details could be had.  The other one, called Global King Technology Ltd, is registered in Hong Kong since March 2001. It is a private local company, according to a non-government company information aggregator online.
Neither has an Indian subsidiary, according to the website here of the ministry of corporate affairs. An email sent to E Sreedharan, who was managing director of Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) when these controversial payments were alleged to have been made, was unanswered.
Britain’s Serious Fraud Office has been investigating Alstom for five years, as part of an international criminal inquiry into alleged corruption. It says Alstom appears to have disguised corruption payments as consultancy agreements. Alstom allegedly paid Rs 52 crore over six years to win transport contracts in India, Poland and Tunisia.
Alstom was awarded a Rs 255-crore signalling contract for the Delhi Metro. It also supplied equipment in line with Mitsubishi Electric Corp's design.
Other than Delhi Metro, the company has won contracts to provide rolling stock to the Chennai metro rail. And, secured a contract for design and construction of track work in viaducts, tunnels, underground and depots for corridors I & II of the Chennai metro, according to its own website. The money involved is Rs 2,430 crore. It also has a contract from the Bangalore metro for signalling systems, worth Rs 563 crore.  Alstom did not reply to an email sent by Business Standard. DMRC officials said there was no official communication on the issue and no internal inquiry was underway.  The French company is present in India since 1911 and has projects across the transport, power, energy and other sectors. It has been investigated in the past five years in France, Switzerland, Brazil and America. It was fined $43.8 million in 2011 by the Swiss Attorney General’s office for bribes paid in Latvia, Malaysia and Tunisia. The French inquiry was closed in 2009, according to a Bloomberg report.
Govt to seek details from London
The government of India on Thursday decided to seek details from the Indian High Commission in London on the charges of bribery against Alstom UK in winning infrastructure orders for the Delhi Metro project.
According to sources, the Indian High Commissioner in London will be asked to obtain facts and relevant details from UK serious fraud office regarding the reported kickbacks paid to DMRC for securing the infrastructure order.
 Advertisements

Apple launches smart watchShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Apple launches smartwatch
Sep 10, 2014 : In a show that tried to revive the style and spirit of Steve Jobs, Apple has launched the iPhone 6, a new smartwatch and a payment system to compete with Samsung and Google. The FT's Tim Bradshaw takes an early look at the new products.

First ever evidence of a swimming  shark-eating dinosaurBy Rachel Feltman September 11 at 2:00 PM Follow @rachelfeltman
When it wasn't putting T. rex to shame, the dinosaur Spinosaurus spent its time swimming -- and chowing down on sharks.
Until now, scientists didn't have any proof that there were swimming dinosaurs. There were some marine reptiles prowling the seas, to be sure, but paleontologists couldn't find fossils that put dinosaurs in the water.
New fossil evidence published Thursday in Science  changes that, and the  Spinosaurus aegyptiacus is breaking records left and right. It's now the largest predatory dinosaur to have ever roamed the planet — nearly 10 feet longer than the largest T. rex specimen — although the carnivore was still dwarfed by some of its plant-eating contemporaries . But more importantly, Spinosaurus has the distinction of providing our first ever evidence for a semi-aquatic dinosaur.
Spinosaurus was discovered in the Sahara more than a century ago by German paleontologist Ernst Freiherr Stromer von Reichenbach, but all of his fossils were destroyed during World War II.
When a partial skeleton was uncovered in the Moroccan Sahara -- in a place once home to a massive system of rivers full of all sorts of sharks and other predators  -- scientists had a new clue that there was something fishy about the massive dino.
In addition to revealing a record-breaking length, digital modeling of the skeleton suggested a whole fleet of aquatic adaptations. Tiny nostrils, placed far back on the middle of the dinosaur's skull, presumably allowed it to breathe as it swam at the surface. It also had openings at the end of its snout that are reminiscent of ones in crocodiles and alligators. In the modern animals, these openings house receptors that let them sense movement in the water.
Paleontologists Nizar Ibrahim, left, and David Martill examine a spine fragment of Spinosaurus found in southeastern Morocco. (Photo by Cristiano Dal Sasso )
Huge, slanted, interlocking teeth seem perfectly shaped to catch fish, and hook-like claws would have been ideal for catching hold of slippery prey under the water. Big, flat feet (perhaps even webbed) would have been well-suited to paddling water or stomping through mud, and some unusually dense limb bones (more like those seen in penguins than those found in other dinosaurs, the researchers report) would have allowed it to keep itself under the water, instead of floating.
The dinosaur's skeletal shape indicates that it would have been a strange sight to us on land. The Spinosaurus's center of gravity was pushed forward by its long neck, so it was almost certainly impossible for it to walk on two legs. In fact, the Spinosaurus's legs and pelvis are quite like those seen in early whales -- much better for paddling than for walking. Like whales, these dinosaurs probably evolved from land-dwelling ancestors to become semi-aquatic.
Skull reconstruction of Spinosaurus aegyptiacus showing discovered bones in blue. (Image by Davide Bonadonna, Ibrahim et al., Science/AAAS)
Scientists aren't quite sure how Spinosaurus moved when it left the water -- which it must have done, at the very least, to lay and nest eggs. Spinosaurus didn't have the kind of limbs that scientists would expect in a four-legged animal, but it also couldn't have balanced on its hind legs for very long.
"I think that we have to face the fact that the Jurassic Park folks have to go back to the drawing board on Spinosaurus," co-author and University of Chicago paleontologist Paul Sereno said in a teleconference held by Science on Wednesday. "It was not a balancing, two-legged animal on land. It would have been something very peculiar."
This isn't to say that Spinosaurus wouldn't have been an impressive sight on land. "It would have been a fearsome animal. There's no question about it, you would not want to meet this animal on land," Sereno said. "But it was not gallivanting across the landscape."
While paleontologists continue to puzzle over how the Spinosaurus managed to walk, you can visit a life-size skeletal replica of the creature at the National Geographic Museum in Washington. The exhibit will run Sept. 12th through April 12.
1 of 10

J-K floods: Thousands still trapped  anger growsComments
Rescue teams struggled on Thursday to reach thousands of people still marooned in Kashmir a week after the state’s worst flooding in 60 years as anger mounted over what people described as the collapse of the civil administration in Srinagar.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) deployed rescue boats in Rajbagh, one of the worst-affected areas in downtown Srinagar, while residents used makeshift rafts to evacuate people from other submerged areas in the state where about 400,000 people remain stranded after the devastating floods.
The ferocity of the deluge that has left more than 200 people dead appeared to have taken the state administration by surprise.
No local authorities, civil or police, were on the ground in Srinagar as people jostled for boats and those rescued from flooded homes in a dehydrated condition desperately looked for transport, medicines, food and shelter.
"Our ministers were busy evacuating their own people and VIPs in the first few days of the floods and disappeared thereafter. Have you seen Jammu and Kashmir politicians and policemen anywhere?” said Mohammad Hassan Wani, a local resident helping with relief after rescue operations.
“All top officials of the administration trapped in floods were airlifted, so were international tourists from Dal Lake. They had their own priority list."
Read: One lakh people rescued, four lakh more await help: 50 pics of devastation in Kashmir floods
People complained the Omar Abdullah government had failed to warn them about the floods and was not equipped to deal with the natural disaster.
"We used to remove the tin roofs of our house to wave at helicopters to rescue us but they were only airlifting from locations briefed by the state administration," said Mansoor Ahmed, who was rescued on Thursday from the third floor of his Rajbagh house with his wife and 80-year-old mother.
Srinagar residents also complained the government was not doing anything to pump out standing water as fears of disease loomed large.
"We at Rajbagh were at the epicentre of the floods. A government jeep could have covered the area in half an hour if it gave door-to-door warning. The water will not go out of its own. And it is not rocket science for the state engineering department to figure out how to pump it out," said Yusuf Butt.
Read: Weather brings respite to stranded
The death of a seven-year-old after drinking contaminated water raised alarm bells in the area. "We have been given chlorine tablets, saying one is enough for 150 litres of water. Where is 150 litres of water to drink? We are buying drinking water bottles. There is no water tanker here," said Javed, a driver.
Officials said water supplies had been partially restored in the Valley and efforts were on to re-establish communication links that were snapped after the floods.
The government has moved thousands of people to makeshift shelters where they are also being provided with food and other basic amenities. The army has deployed about 30,000 troops for rescue and relief operations and soldiers distributed 224,000 litres of water and food to survivors.
In a gesture of solidarity, staff at the prime minister's office gave up one day's salary for flood relief.
Many people praised the army on social media for its efforts but others vented their anger at delays in getting help to survivors.
Basharat Peer, a journalist and author of a book on the Kashmir conflict, who is working as a volunteer in Srinagar, said the response to the disaster had been woeful.
"It is clear case of mismanagement. Why are the basic supplies still not made available?" Peer asked.
"There are thousands of people searching for their families They have no idea whether they are alive or dead. We have no clean drinking water, no medicines and food to feed the children."
(With agency inputs)

Outcome of board meeting of GG Dandekar Machine WorksOutcome of board meeting of GG Dandekar Machine Works
Catalonia: Another country© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea95aa3a-34e9-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PVR president Arora joins Everstone CapitalReghu Balakrishnan & Urvi Malvania |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 11:57 PM IST
PVR president Arora joins Everstone Capital
Arora's move is significant for Everstone in the backdrop of its discussion to buy minority stake in Subhash Chandra-owned Fun Republic, sources say
Pramod Arora
Pramod Arora, group president of PVR, has quit the multiplex chain to join Everstone Capital, an India-focused private equity (PE) fund, at a senior position.
With assets under management of $2 billion, Everstone Capital was founded by Sameer Sain and Atul Kapoor in 2006. Sain is the former joint venture partner of Kishore Biyani in Future Capital Holdings.
According to sources in the know, Arora’s move is significant for Everstone in the backdrop of the PE firm’s discussion to acquire a significant minority stake in Subhash Chandra-owned multiplex chain, Fun Republic, which operates 87 screens across 17 cities in India. Fun Republic is the multiplex arm of Essel Group’s movie exhibition business.
Arora, who spent about 18 years at PVR, India’s largest multiplex chain, has expertise in finance, human resource management, corporate social responsibility, and public relations.
Besides his experience in the cinema field, he also had a one-year stint at Oberoi Realty as chief operating officer. Arora’s experience in retail, real estate and media space would give a fillip to Everstone Capital’s future investments, sources added.
Under Arora’s leadership, PVR has grown as the market leader in multiplex space with 444 screens across the country. Under him, PVR made a buyout of Cinemax for Rs 395 crore in 2012. The buyout had added 135 screens to its kitty. Currently, PVR is executing its plan to add 66 screens (that makes it a total of 510 screens) across 13 properties in the current financial year. PVR has already added 23 screens in the first quarter. When contacted, PVR confirmed that Pramod was no longer associated with the company. “He stepped down as group president with effect from September 1,” PVR said in its response.
An email questionnaire sent to Everstone Capital went unanswered.
Everstone, which has interest in consumer, retail and food sectors, has invested in fashion house Ritu Kumar, VLCC Healthcare, Tikona Digital, Future Media, Future E-commerce, YLG Salon, F&B Asia Ventures, Blue Foods, Capital Foods and Sula Vineyards.
It had recently formed a joint venture with the Burger King brand in India.
In PVR, PE firms L Capital and Renuka Ramnath’s Multiples together hold 28 per cent stake. with 15 per cent and 13 per cent, respectively. The PE firms had invested Rs 235 crore for PVR’s acquisition of Cinemax.
A ROAR OF CHANGE
Arora’s move is significant for Everstone in the backdrop of its discussion to acquire minority stake in Subhash Chandra-owned multiplex chain Fun Republic, sources say
Arora, who spent about 18 years at PVR, has expertise in finance, human resource management and CSR & public relations
 Advertisements

Hands on with the Apple Watch 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Exclusive: Dr. Kent Brantly s Blood Used to Treat Newly Infected Ebola Patientexclusive: dr. kent brantly s blood used to treat newly infected ebola patient
Uber leaves Lyft behind in US driveSeptember 11, 2014 2:06 pm
Uber’s aggressive tactics see it leave US rival Lyft behind
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6e7407e0-3952-11e4-9cce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ex-CAG Vinod Rai embarrasses Cong  says Manmohan Singh knew of 2G  coal scamsComments
Former prime minister Manmohan Singh was aware of the controversial decisions made around the allocation of coal blocks and 2G spectrums that led to massive losses to the state exchequer, Vinod Rai, the former chief auditor of India, said on Thursday.
In an interview to Times Now, Rai also alleged some Congress leaders had sought to apply pressure on him to keep the PM's name out of audit reports.
 
Rai’s comments are his first direct attack against Singh who has so far denied knowledge of the decisions made by his ministers, scandals that rocked his premiership and contributed to the ouster of the Congress party-led UPA government in the April-May Lok Sabha elections.
His allegations are completely baseless and untrue,I challenge his memory-Sanjay Nirupam,Cong on former CAG Vinod Rai pic.twitter.com/W79pAQ3ScW
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 11, 2014
 
“In 2G and coal there is no way he can shirk responsibility,” Rai told the Outlook magazine in an interview published ahead of the September 15 launch of his tell-all book ‘Not Just An Accountant’.
 “In 2G all the letters written by A Raja were to him and he was replying to those letters. I got no reply to any letter I wrote to him.
 
“On one occasion when I called on him, the PM said I hope you don’t expect a reply from me, whereas he was replying to Raja twice a day. So how can he be not held responsible for the onus of that decision?”
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Manmohan Singh and suggested that the former PM was more interested in remaining in power.
Last month, Rai had said political exigency led the former PM to acquiesce to the controversial decisions which have since been ruled as illegal by court. The award of 2G spectrums has been cancelled by the Supreme Court, which is still hearing the case for scrapping the allocation of more than 200 coal blocks.
 
So far, the 81-year-old Singh, prime minister between 2004 and 2014, has been largely seen as a well-intentioned man of high personal integrity but one often unable to assert his authority.
 
Rai’s comments blow a hole into that image.
 
“Integrity is not just financial; it is intellectual integrity; it is professional integrity. You have an oath of allegiance to the constitution and that is important,” the former Comptroller and Accountant General (CAG) said.
 
“You cannot sacrifice everything at the altar of trying to ensure the coalition remains in power. That was his worry.”
 
Rai said Singh told him on 16 November that the CAG’s method of computation of the multi-billion dollar losses was wrong.
 
“I told him ‘Sir, these are the econometric methods that you have taught us’. This was sitting on the stage of Vigyan Bhavan.”
Read: Ex-CAG Rai claims 'outright lie', says Nirupam
Asked if at any stage he was offered support by the Gandhi family or the political establishment, Rai said: “I did not get a single reassuring signal either from the political machinery or the government, except one or two statements from Pranab Mukherjee.” He, however, hinted that the opposition supported the CAG.
 
As CAG, Rai issued a series of audit reports that upbraided Singh’s government for wasteful management or mismanagement of public resources and funds even as they brought corruption to light.
 
In the hands of the media and civil society, the audits became the most potent weapon for an overhaul in the way business is done in India, including spotlighting a shoddy method of governance that enriched the elite at the expense of the state.
Asked if he believed he rocked the UPA government, Rai said: “Yes, but that is okay. I am asking you a direct question – if the figure of Rs. 176,000 crore had not been there how many of you would have taken note of the report?
 
So was the intention to put out a sexy figure?
 
“No, I wanted to put out an alarm signal that this was just a tip of the iceberg,” Rai said.

Dhunseri Petrochem & Tea renamed as Dhunseri PetrochemDhunseri Petrochem & Tea renamed as Dhunseri Petrochem
Orbit Corporation postponed its board meetingOrbit Corporation postponed its board meeting
Narendra Modi wants Swachh Bharat to be linked with economicactivityPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 9:58 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday called for making ‘Swachh Bharat’ into a mass movement and linking it to economic activity to ensure greater participation.
Chairing a high-level meeting here, he said all government departments will actively participate in the programme. Government offices up to panchayat level will be involved in a cleanliness drive that shall be carried out from September 25 till Diwali which falls on October 23.
‘Mission Swachh Bharat’ (clean India) will be launched on October 2, with Mahatma Gandhi as the inspiration, to create a clean India of his dreams by 2019, his 150th birth anniversary, a statement from the PMO said.
Modi said the pursuit of cleanliness can be an economic activity, contributing to GDP growth, reduction in healthcare costs, and a source of employment.
Linking cleanliness to tourism and global interest in India, he said world-class levels of hygiene and cleanliness are required in India’s top 50 tourist destinations, to bring about a paradigm shift in the country’s global perception.
If the people of India clean their homes around Diwali every year, why can this attitude not be extended to overall cleanliness and Swacch Bharat, Modi asked, calling for a change in governance attitude towards hygiene and sanitation.
He reiterated his vision of solid waste management and waste water management through the PPP model in 500 towns and cities across India.
In his Independence Day speech, Modi had asked everyone to be a part of the ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign and to make it a public movement rather than just a government mission.
The meeting was attended by Union ministers Arun Jaitley, M Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari, besides other senior officers.

Brenna Berman on rats  big data  social good and innovationBrenna Berman on rats, big data, social good and innovation
Brenna Berman on rats, big data, social good and innovation
The City of Chicago's chief information officer discusses ways in which the city uses data; a project that "goes after rats before we ever get a complaint"; homeless prevention; the City of Big Data exhibit; and the biggest threat to innovation.
The City of Chicago's chief information officer discusses ways in which the city uses data; a project that "goes after rats before we ever get a complaint"; homeless prevention; the City of Big Data exhibit; and the biggest threat to innovation.
See more videos
The City of Chicago's chief information officer discusses ways in which the city uses data; a project that "goes after rats before we ever get a complaint"; homeless prevention; the City of Big Data exhibit; and the biggest threat to innovation.

Agni-1 test-fired successfullydefence
Agni-I, a surface-to-surface, nuclear-weapons-capable ballistic missile, was test-fired for its 700-km strike range from the Wheeler Island, off the Odisha Coast, on Thursday.
Strategic Forces Command (SFC) personnel launched the single-stage, short-range missile, powered by a solid propellant, from a rail mobile launcher as part of regular user training to consolidate operational readiness.
The missile carrying a 1,100-kg payload zeroed in on the target with a high degree of accuracy, a missile scientist with the Defence Research and Development Organisation said. Describing it as a fantastic launch, he said the missile achieved a CEP (circular error probability) of about 50 metres. Its trajectory was tracked and monitored by sophisticated radars, telemetry observation stations, electro-optic instruments and naval ships through the 550-second flight.
The first night-trial of the missile was conducted in April.

Bharat Bhushan: Chacha Modi or forging the Great Avuncular LeaderBharat Bhushan |  Array Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 09:46 PM IST
Bharat Bhushan: Chacha Modi or forging the Great Avuncular Leader
Narendra Modi seems convinced that the leadership of India is his calling
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is preparing to address the nation on the radio twice a month. This comes after his promoting himself to a captive audience of school children on Teachers' Day. An exercise is on to solicit the opinion of the Twitterati whether the radio address should be on every second and fourth Sunday of the month or on some other suitable days. One way of looking at this move will be that Modi needs to share his world view with the people of this country directly - without any mediation or distortion.
US President Franklin D Roosevelt pioneered the direct broadcast to the nation. Between 1933 and 1944, thirty "fireside chats" were broadcast over the radio by Roosevelt, helping him to explain his social policies to the American people through intimate and direct communication. The radio, it is said, was preferred by Roosevelt because it allowed him to hide from public eyes his disabilities from polio. However, subsequent US presidents have also followed Roosevelt in periodic and some even in regular weekly radio broadcasts to the nation.
Yet the question persists; why does Modi need to do this when he already has an army of Twitter handlers in his employ and a media that is bending over backwards to please him? First of all, this mode of communication will distinctly set him apart from his peers. There also seems to be a yearning to project himself as a charismatic leader of exceptional personal qualities, heroic accomplishments and extraordinary insight into Indian society and ways to transform it.
Analyse each incident of Modi's public communication, and one finds that the attempt is to set him apart from others. The architecture of power is always skewed in his favour in these public events. Whether addressing the nation from the Red Fort, or meeting his Council of Ministers and party MPs while sitting on a single chair on a raised podium. Commandeering an obedient audience of schoolchildren was a masterstroke since Indian schoolchildren almost naturally respect and fawn on authority. The questions asked by the children seemed so rehearsed as to make the exercise of "consultation" all about Modi himself.
The emphasis on his origins as a tea-vendor's son is meant to project him as an exemplary achiever. But is he the only one in that league? Consider that Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri's father started as a low-paid school teacher who later became a revenue clerk at Allahabad in a bid to improve his financial prospects. He died when Shastri was only a year old. In Shastri, we have had a prime minister who was raised by a single, unemployed mother. Prime Minister Morarji Desai's father was a poor school teacher in Bhadeli village in Bulsar in Gujarat who had to raise eight children. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's father was a refugee from Pakistan who became a dry-fruit seller in Amritsar and because of his wife's untimely death, he had to send his son to be raised by his grandmother. This boy from a poor family not only went on to do an Economics Tripos from Cambridge University but also a D Phil from Oxford - all on merit scholarships.
Millions of Indians from most walks of life have risen and continue to rise from poverty, deprivation and non-urban backgrounds. We take our hard work and its rewards in our stride whether we are sons or daughters of daily wage earners, railway vendors, poor farmers, fishermen, farm labourers, plumbers, electricians, shopkeepers, low-paid teachers or clerks. Why then does only Modi feel the need to wear his parental profession on his sleeve? Why does this make him an exception, a hero with exemplary achievements who stands above his peers?
It could be to distinguish himself from those who have inherited political leadership - more particularly, those of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty. However, that battle was won the day Modi became the prime minister. The reasons for Modi's self-projection, therefore, have to be sought elsewhere.
Modi perhaps knows better than anyone else that his last electoral win was only partly because of his persona. Modi also won because of the misrule of the previous government, its weak leadership, a declining economy in which the corporate sector felt as if it were under an existential threat and ordinary citizens looking at a dismal future with shrinking incomes, rising prices and looming unemployment. In the face of the hype created about Modi's achievements in Gujarat, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chose him as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)'s prime ministerial candidate since it felt there was no other option. This is not to undermine Modi's electoral achievement but merely to point out that there were strong contextual forces propelling him forward.
The next general election, however, will not be about the Nehru-Gandhi family or its direct or indirect misrule. Modi must be acutely aware that it will be a truly plebiscitary election - about his persona and leadership. Strategically, he will want it that way since it rules out any challengers by 2019, both within the BJP and within the polity. Therefore, he needs to convert his prime mastership into an unchallengeable brand over the next five years.
His high centralised manner of functioning will ensure that responsibility for success or failure of the government will be laid on his doorstep. Because he wants to succeed, he will pursue an agenda that is his own and not that of the party or the RSS. If it benefits any interest group, that will be because Modi thinks it helps increase his prestige and entrench him as a leader. He is already emerging as an extraordinarily independent decision-making authority - ministers either wait for him to take decisions for them or try and second-guess what will please him.
Modi's leadership style within the government and the party is essentially based on coercive power, which is highly personalised. It is not socialised power - it involves acceptance and fear, but not respect. Not tempered by the perspective of his peers, it grows at their cost - as Modi grows, they shrink.
Modi may feel answerable to only himself but to legitimise his style of functioning, he has to project that he has the confidence of the people. His communications strategy - whether on radio or elsewhere - is aimed at creating the impression that he is intimately connected to the people, that his actions are governed by their views. It is aimed at eliciting their trust and forging an emotional link with them. But in effect, it is he who wants to create public opinion - his leadership will not be a result of what the citizens think but the other way round. He seems convinced that the leadership of India is his calling and that he already is or can grow into a charismatic leader who knows what is good for the public.
By trying to create a charisma around his persona, however, the coercive aspect of his relationship with his peers and the public will only be reinforced. Unequal communication where only Modi is in monologue, orchestrated events in India or abroad of his playing the drums in Japan or playing the flute with schoolchildren and pulling the ears of a child playfully are all picture opportunities aimed at eliciting flattery and praise and creating the image of an extraordinary people's leader. Soon, there will be pictures of him shaking hands with US President Barack Obama and other world leaders. The carefully crafted images of the acceptance of his leadership on the international stage, he hopes, will shape opinion within the country too.
However, the downside of this pursuit of charismatic leadership is that it is also contextual. If the economy does well, social relations remain harmonious and India develops into an equitable and just society, the charismatic image that Modi seeks to invent around himself might survive. If things go wrong, however, then one has seen what happened to an Indira Gandhi, who had unquestioned charisma in 1972 but had lost her halo by 1977. Or, one can see what has happened to the once charismatic Obama within seven years of riding high to the US presidency. Meanwhile, however, Modi will have perhaps transformed the way a leader elected in desperate times relates with the public.
The writer is a journalist based in Delhi
 Advertisements

Supermarkets rewrite their grocery listsSeptember 11, 2014 5:55 pm
Britain’s big supermarkets rewrite their grocery lists
By Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a2d9daac-39c8-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EC orders hate speech FIR againstYogiPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 10:18 pm
Two days after issuing a notice to BJP MP Yogi Adityanath for allegedly violating the provisions of the Model Code of Conduct by invoking religion to garner votes during a poll meeting in Noida, the Election Commission on Thursday reprimanded the Gorakhpur MP and cautioned him to be careful.
“In the commission’s considered view, you have violated the provisions of MCC as mentioned in the commission’s notice dated September 9, 2014. The commission reprimands you for the said misconduct and cautions you to be careful in future in making public utterances during election speeches to avoid any further violation of the Model Code of Conduct,” the EC said in its order. The words “reprimand’ and “cautions” were marked in bold and underlined.
The EC also directed the Uttar Pradesh Chief Electoral Officer to ensure that an FIR is filed against Adityanath. “Kindly intimate if any FIR has been filed in the matter. If not, then the concerned district authorities should be directed to file case under Section 125 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951 and Section 153 A, Section 295 A and Section 505 of the Indian Penal Code,” it said. It has sought a compliance report by 5 pm on Friday.
On September 9, the EC issued a showcause notice to Adityanath following a report by the District Gautam Buddh Nagar wherein the BJP MP was accused of delivering an inflammatory speech and invoking religion in a bid to seek votes in Noida on September 7, in the run-up to the September 13 bypolls. The DEO had attached a CD and some press clippings with the report.
“Ram Bharat ki astha hai… Bharatiya rashtriyata ka prateek hain… Aap sabse kehna chahoonga ki Ram ki parampara mein jo log vishwas karte hain, Ram Rajya ki sthapana chahte hain UP mein bhi… Aap se anurodh hai ki 13 tareekh ko padne wala ek-ek vote Bhajapa ke paksh mein jaana chahiye (Ram is a symbol of Indian nationality… Those who believe in Ram, want Ram Rajya, I urge them to vote for the BJP),” Adityanath was reported to have said.
Adityanath also allegedly said that while a loudspeaker was removed from a temple in Moradabad, they are allowed in mosques, and when some young workers objected to this, they were put in jail. He also allegedly said that those who trouble Hindus with riots will have to pay dearly.
Not accepting Adityanath’s contention that this “speech was, in totality, aimed at the objective of complete religious harmony”, the EC on Thursday stated that the “CD covering your speech manifestedly shows that you invoked religion and made appeal on this ground of religion to secure votes for your party and that the said speech had the effect of provoking feelings of enmity or hatred between different classes of the citizens of India on grounds of religion, race, caste, community, or language and aggravating the existing differences or creating mutual hatred or causing tension between different castes and communities, religious or linguistic.”
Reacting to the EC’s order, BJP spokesperson continued…

Indexes down slightly despite rise in transportation stocksS&P 500, Nasdaq end up slightly; Dow dips
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Reuters
NASDAQ Financial Markets
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended slightly higher on Thursday, reversing earlier losses late in the session as energy shares bounced back with oil prices.
Based on the latest available data, the Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 19.78 points, or 0.12 percent, to 17,048.93, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 1.67 points, or 0.08 percent, to 1,997.36 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 5.28 points, or 0.12 percent, to 4,591.81.

11 companies that still havent learned that 9/11 memorial tweets are gross— Brian J. Manzullo (@BrianManzullo) September 11, 2014
 
(That last one is local to the D.C. area , and particularly egregious: The Arlington, Va., yoga studio “explained” on Facebook that the poster “wrote that stupid post a 1am with yoga brain,” whatever that means.)
We dare not follow the trainwreck further — after all, this can really do a number on one’s faith in humanity, and it happens every single year . But Twitter’s “premier retweet shamer,” comedian Joe Mande, has kept up a reliable stream of unfortunate brand tweets, as he does every year. Speaking to The Washington Post’s David Malitz last March, Mande explained the phenomenon this way:
Every company has a person who gets paid to make sure their company has a good presence on the Internet. So everyone has to justify their own existence. So that person either does the Twitter themselves or they’ve hired another person to be in charge of that. Some companies do it better than others…[On 9/11] I wake up early, especially being on the West Coast, to see what companies are going to commemorate with a tweet. It’s just so meaningless and dumb and it happens every year. It’s great.
Just another reminder that regular, earnest humans are behind brand Twitter accounts . And even regular, earnest humans can be … terrible.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410457070/1410457070000/1410457070 tracking: {authors=Caitlin Dewey, blog_name=the-intersect, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=11-companies-that-still-havent-learned-that-911-memorial-tweets-are-gross, post_id=2997, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 5:37:50 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 5:37:50 PM

Shyamal Majumdar: Questions for  Masterji  ModiShyamal Majumdar |  Mumbia Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 09:48 PM IST
Shyamal Majumdar: Questions for 'Masterji' Modi
Next year, the PM should have some concrete answers on why India's teacher absenteeism is worse than even Papua New Guinea
After Panditji, India has finally got a leader who has given historians an opportunity to refer to him as someone more than just India's 15th prime minister. By addressing students directly, a practice regularly followed by Jawaharlal Nehru, Narendra Modi has earned the sobriquet masterji from journalists. The chances are he wouldn't mind if the title sticks, even though it has been given to him by a tribe he loves to hate the most.
Panditji used to address hundreds, maybe thousands of students, but then he didn't have the luxury of technology that Modi used to interact with over 1.8 million school students. So what if the principals of a few upscale schools - even in Delhi and Mumbai - recounted how students missed parts of the prime minister's lessons because either the computer played truant or the video buffered almost endlessly?
For many others, the hastily arranged interaction was a logistical nightmare. An example of a picture being more eloquent than a thousand words was provided by The Indian Express, which carried a snap of students from the Thane Zilla Parishad School in Saga village of Bhiwandi taluka, taking a TV on a boat across the Kalu river from Atali to Nandkar, from where they carried it to the school.
Hopefully, the TV worked properly and the Thane Zilla School got to listen to the prime minister. Though his opening speech was off colour, the subsequent Q&A session brought out the vintage Modi - an articulate leader who doesn't mind cracking jokes at his own expense or recounting childhood pranks. Parents will also be happy with his comments on character-building and quotable quotes such as "don't let the child in you die".
But beyond the hype, the prime minister may have let go of the opportunity of making the interaction more meaningful. For example, in response to a pertinent question on climate change, Modi said it will be a great service to the environment if on a full-moon night, street lights are switched off for two to three hours. Perhaps, the nation deserves better answers from its prime minister.
More disappointing, however, was his statement that there is a need to find out why the value of teachers has lost its sheen and why students don't want to become teachers when they grow up. One hopes the Prime Minister's Office doesn't feel the need to set up yet another committee to find the answer, as it's already known to everybody. As Aam Aadmi Party leader Yogendra Yadav told a TV channel minutes after the prime minister's "paathshala" that everybody and his uncle know "five million teachers work in poor conditions, that teachers' recruitment is a scam and that most of them are paid far less than what's shown in the books".
Let's take the last point first. The salary range for a government primary school teacher at the beginning of his/her career is Rs 16,000-22,000 a month, depending on the state. This should still be all right but for the fact that most schools employ teachers on contract at salaries that are far less. The situation is worse in many private schools, which make contract teachers sign documents that show far higher salaries than what they actually get. Sometimes, the salaries these contract teachers get is even less than Rs 6,000 (your driver must be earning double that amount).
So the quality you get is the quality you deserve. It, therefore, wasn't a surprise when a maths test conducted in elementary government-aided schools a couple of years back showed that most of them could not even do simple maths; and over 60 per cent could not give a correct title to a paragraph in a language comprehension test. A study among 25,000 teachers in Karnataka showed that 60 per cent of them at the elementary level and 15 per cent at the high school level do not have a college degree. The study, Teacher Needs Analysis, conducted by the Karnataka Knowledge Commission and the Azim Premji Foundation showed that one out of 10 teachers had only a basic school-level degree.
The teachers have, of course, found a better way to supplement their income - by bunking school and doing odd jobs. Some are better off - an acquaintance from Bangalore says his wife, a teacher in a local school, has a flourishing real estate agency business and the only sacrifice she has to make is opening the shop an hour late because of the school's diktat of signing the attendance register daily. But the problem is these days she can't even find enough time to do that because of the festive season rush in the property market.
Thus, it should not come as a surprise that India is marginally better than Uganda in absence rates of primary school teachers and the country scores lower than Bangladesh, Peru or even Papua New Guinea on this account.
Studies after studies have suggested stopping the corrupt practices before appointing contract teachers and the urgent implementation of a foolproof plan to link government school grants to performance. While curtailing an existing grant may not be feasible, future grants or increments to teachers may be a good way to start the process after devising a proper rating system.
One hopes Modi will prepare better for some of the more substantive questions students ask him on the next Teachers' Day.
 Advertisements

What should you do with FMPsJoydeep Ghosh |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 10:29 PM IST
What should you do with FMPs?
A harsher tax treatment of the product has made it unattractive to investors
Deposit image via Shutterstock
When an important investment instrument suddenly becomes unattractive, investors wonder whether they should put money in these at all. After the presentation of Union Budget 2014-15, many are thinking on the same lines about fixed maturity plans (FMPs).
A particular change in taxation norms---now, an investor in a debt fund redeeming between one and three years will have to pay tax according to her/his income tax bracket---has stumped many. Earlier, if one remained invested in an FMP for slightly more than a year, she/he could get inflation indexation benefits of two years. Under the new norms, the double inflation benefit will only be applicable if one is invested for at least three years.
ALSO READ: Should you roll over your FMPs for 3 years?
Fund houses have been asking investors to roll over their money in these schemes. “If you have already stayed invested in an FMP for 15-18 months, it makes sense to stay invested for the remaining tenure because the tax blow will be reduced substantially,” says Hemant Rustagi, chief executive of WiseInvest Advisors.
ALSO READ: We're going to see more of medium-term products offered to clients: Suresh Soni
The important question, therefore, is whether or not FMPs should be a part of your portfolio. “Ideally, investors with a three-year horizon should have FMPs in their portfolio because the indexation benefits still exist and helps them record better returns than fixed deposits,” says certified financial planner Rishi Nathany.
ALSO READ: Fixed deposits, NCDs score for one-year horizon
For investors seeking the comfort of an exit before the scheme matures, FMPs will now be a concern. As these schemes are close-ended, the only way to exit before the tenure ends is through the stock exchange route. And, as these units have little or no liquidity on stock exchanges, one might be forced to sell at a discount. Also, there will be an additional tax element on capital gains.
ALSO READ: Enjoy a tax advantage with arbitrage funds
By comparison, fixed deposits score. This is because if you want to exit a fixed deposit, the bank will charge you only a nominal fee.
Rustagi says there are a number of aspects one needs to consider---asset allocation, tenure, risk profile, etc. “Though liquidity is an issue, one advantage FMPs will continue to have over fixed deposits is the rate of returns. Typically, FMPs offer 50-100 basis points over and above fixed deposits. So, even if there is an equal grounding in terms of taxation, the returns are better,” he says. By comparison, FMPs are less secure because there is no assurance on the returns front.
For investors, it’s a toss-up between slightly better returns and liquidity.
 Advertisements

Ebola is devouring everything in its path. Could it lead to Liberias collapseBy Abby Ohlheiser September 11 at 1:49 PM Follow @abbyohlheiser
Health workers remove the body of Prince Nyentee, a 29-year-old man suspected of dying of Ebola in Monrovia. (James Giahyue/Reuters)
With Ebola's death toll surging and a top United Nations official declaring that "the rate of acceleration is now picking up dramatically," Liberian officials have been making dire pronouncements about the deepening crisis in their country.
At a news conference Thursday , finance minister Amara Konneh said Liberia is at "war with an enemy we don't see." Two days earlier, the Ebola-ravaged country's defense minister, Brownie Samukai, delivered a harrowing warning of his own .
"Liberia is facing a serious threat to its national existence," Samukai told the U.N. Security Council. "The deadly Ebola virus has caused a disruption of the normal functioning of our state."
Ebola, he added, "is now spreading like wildfire, devouring everything in its path. The already weak health infrastructure of the country has been overwhelmed."
Although the minister's assertion was unusual in its severity, the deadliest Ebola outbreak in history has indeed created a dire situation for the current government of Liberia. But is it truly a serious threat to the the country's existence?
The U.N. special envoy to Liberia, Karin Landgren, seems to agree with Samukai, at least to an extent. Landgren told the U.N. Security Council this week that "Liberians are facing their gravest threat since war," referring to two civil wars between 1989 and 2003 that left more than 250,000 dead. Those bloody conflicts completely destabilized the country, and Liberia was still recovering when the current Ebola outbreak began.
Landgren warned the Security Council "that the Ebola crisis has become complex, with political, security, economic and social implications that will continue to affect the country well beyond the current medical emergency," according to Global Post .
On Thursday, the International Monetary Fund said Ebola has crippled the mining, agriculture and services sectors Liberia and neighboring Sierra Leone, Reuters reported .
Despite the increasingly dismal headlines, Christopher Blattman, a Columbia University professor who focuses on economics, politics and policy in developing countries, said it's unlikely that outbreak will bring about the end of Liberia.
"The risk that Liberia as a nation state ends is close to zero," Blattman said in an e-mail. It's not likely to be absorbed by a neighbor or broken up into parts, he said. "This is true for almost any nation, unless (it seems) they share a border with Russia."
There is, however, "a risk that the current regime falls, to be sure," he said. "The defense minister is a politician and so might mix up the welfare of the country with [his] political party." Blattman said there is also "an ever-present risk in almost any new democracy that the constitutional order dissolves, through a coup or a civil war."
Liberia's recent history of war make such a theoretical possibility unlikely, he noted. "The opposition is not very well organized in Liberia, and I don't perceive a lot of popular support for military leadership."
It's possible that the worst-case scenario for Liberia could change, depending on how the epidemic spreads and how effective efforts to control it -- or at least slow it -- are in the coming weeks. "If a disease outbreak were large enough (which is definitely a risk in Liberia) all bets are off," Blattman said, adding, "This is true in any country."
Liberia is home to more than half of the epidemic's deaths (1,224) and nearly half of all cases (2,046) -- and it's getting worse: On Monday, the World Health Organization declared that cases are "increasing exponentially" in the Ebola-ravaged West African country, which is home to more than 4 million people.
"The demands of the Ebola outbreak have completely outstripped the government’s and partners’ capacity to respond," the WHO warned .
The outbreak and Liberia's efforts to contain it have angered many in the impoverished West African country. As Reuters reported , news of an escaped patient who wandered the streets looking for food after a hospital couldn't feed him prompted bystanders to blame President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and her government.
"The patients are hungry, they are starving. No food, no water," a "terrified woman" told Reuters. "The government needs to do more. Let Ellen Johnson Sirleaf do more!"
To make things even more difficult for the country, the collective Ebola caseload is soaring, meaning that what exists of Liberia's national effort to combat the outbreak will face an even heavier burden as the virus infects even more people. And it can't keep up: The WHO found that the county containing Liberia’s capital, Monrovia, needs 1,000 beds for Ebola patients urgently. But just 240 beds were available, with 260 coming soon.
Officials have acknowledged that they probably aren't even seeing the full extent of Ebola's present spread in Liberia, either: "As soon as a new Ebola treatment facility is opened, it immediately fills to overflowing with patients, pointing to a large but previously invisible caseload," according to the WHO.
Compounding the problem are the infections and deaths of scores of medical workers in a country whose health-care system was already stretched thin. Before the Ebola outbreak began, Liberia -- a country with a population roughly equal to Kentucky's , about 4.4 million -- had just one doctor per 100,000 people. In Kentucky, as of 2007, there were about 232 doctors per each 100,000 people, according to the U.S. Census Bureau .
With projections of the disease's spread unreliable and inconsistent (the WHO has said the total number of infections in West Africa could reach 20,000; at least one long-term model put the number north of 100,000), it's hard to tell exactly just how big the threat is to Liberia. But a London epidemiologist who is studying Ebola's spread in Monrovia has said that the rapidly spreading virus has the potential to infect the majority of Liberia's population, according to Britain's Channel 4 News .
"We are overwhelmed," Sophie Jane, a spokeswoman for Doctors Without Borders, told AFP on Wednesday at an Ebola unit in Monrovia. "The patients keep coming in (huge) numbers."
Although the dire predictions remain just that -- predictions -- the fact that the WHO and Liberia's own government are sounding the alarm so loudly is doing little to calm people in the country. Residents in Monrovia, according to AFP, "described an atmosphere of fear paralyzing daily life" there, particularly after the WHO's prediction of a spike in Ebola infections.
"I am afraid," 45-year-old Kluboh Johnson said, according to AFP. "I don't know what to do now actually. Where are we going? Are we all going to die? If WHO can say this kind of thing it means we are finished."
RELATED READING:

Akash Prakash: Bond bears are wrongAkash Prakash |  Array Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 09:50 PM IST
Akash Prakash: Bond bears are wrong
It is not rising yields that will torpedo the bull market in financial assets
Bond yields, especially 10-year sovereign-bond yields are probably the most critical price in the entire financial system. It is the risk-free yield - all other prices in the financial system are based on this. All other yields - be they corporate bonds, high-yield, investment-grade and so on - are priced off the sovereign. Even equity prices and price-earnings multiples are ultimately directly or indirectly (through relative bond- or equity-valuation models) affected by the risk-free rate, its level and direction. It is clearly a very important price signal for all markets and asset classes globally.
Today, we have a situation where sovereign-bond yields globally are at extreme levels. In Japan, 10-year sovereign-bond yields are below 0.6 per cent, in Germany they are at one per cent and even in the United States they are at 2.5 per cent - all extremely low yields by historical standards. Two-year yields in Germany and certain other European countries are actually negative. The European Central Bank is charging banks and providing negative interest rates if they place excess reserves with it. Quantitative-easing (QE) programmes were in place in Britain, Japan and the United States, and look likely to commence in the European Union (EU) shortly.
As we look out over the coming years, it is important to have a perspective on where one thinks global sovereign yields will settle. They have to go up from here, for sure, given current levels; but what will be the pace and extent of normalisation?
Are global bond markets poised for dislocation as soon as the central banks cease QE? Are yields poised to spike much higher due to elevated public and private debt levels, or will yields remain depressed as the forces of secular stagnation overpower the end of QE bond buying?
As one tries to project bond yields over the coming years, there are many complex and interrelated factors one will have to take into account. Demographics, central-bank balance sheets, the forces of secular stagnation, declining inflation expectations - each of these factors is important. But how to figure out the relative and shifting importance of these and other variables when looking at prospective yields many years from now?
In a recent report, The Bank Credit Analyst has addressed exactly this question. They have used an International Monetary Fund (IMF) model to try and project yields into the future, as well as try to understand which factors are most critical.
Tracking bond yields globally since 1990, and trying to break down contributions to changes in 5Y/5Y forward rates (five-year yields, five years out), the IMF model throws out some interesting conclusions.
First, demographics have played a very key part in pulling down rates since 1990. The growth in the working-age population has fallen from 0.8 per cent in 1990 to 0.2 per cent today, leading to a headwind in demand for all types of goods and services. This downward pressure on demand resulted in lower interest rates across the yield curve. The slowdown in labour-force growth reduced yields by about 50 basis points between 1990 and 2007, and about 120 basis points between 2007 and 2014. As the demographic profile of most of the developed world continues to worsen, this will be a key factor in preventing rates from spiking in the coming years.
Secondly, QE has been the most important factor for the decline in equilibrium yields since 2007. Going forward, as the QE programmes are unwound it will drive yields higher - but it is critical to understand the pace of central-bank balance-sheet shrinkage. This upward pressure on yields will play out over many years unless the central banks dump assets aggressively.
The third major conclusion of the IMF model and its forecast is that we are unlikely to see a significant rise in equilibrium yields due to a weakening of the fiscal position of most countries for the rest of this decade. This effect becomes far more important as we look at equilibrium yields from 2020 onwards. It is only in this timeframe that the real weakening of government finances becomes apparent, as they have to deal with the social and funding pressures of an ageing population.
The bottom line of the IMF model is that global bond yields should not soar over the coming five years, even though the various QE programmes will be wound down. Fair value for the average five-year forward yield may only rise by about 40 basis points (rising inflation expectations are offset by demographics and improving fiscal health), after falling about 320 basis points since 1990. So some reversal, an end to the bond bull market for sure - but nowhere near the bloodbath the bond bears are expecting.
The only caveat to this is that the IMF modelling assumes that while QE ends by 2014 in the United States and by 2015 in Japan (there is no QE assumed in the EU), the respective central banks will keep the size of their balance sheets unchanged and allow them to shrink as a percentage of gross domestic product (GDP). The bears may argue that this is too modest an assumption, and the balance sheets will actually shrink in absolute terms. Faster normalisation of central-bank balance sheets will drive yields higher.
Beyond 2020, however, the yields may back up more aggressively, with an anticipated 160-basis-point rise. While demographics will continue to put downward pressure on yields, this will be more than offset by the deterioration in government finances and continued shrinking of central-bank balance sheets. It could get much worse, in terms of a greater rise in yields if developed-country governments are unable to get a grip on their finances and their deficits blow up due to spending pressures linked to an ageing population.
The model looks at individual countries and different modelling scenarios. For example, if the EU were to announce a proper QE programme, then yields there would drop to Japan-like levels. If governments are unable to keep their fiscal house in order, then we could see yields rising by another 120 basis points over and above the 160 basis points predicted from 2020 onwards. If the global economy grows one percentage point faster than the IMF model, then yields may rise by 150 basis points more than predicted. These predictions are obviously on a point-to-point basis and yields will, in reality, fluctuate.
While what happens in the coming years is unknown, the point the paper makes is that unless real GDP growth and inflation are much higher than what the IMF is currently projecting, it is unlikely that bond yields will spike dramatically in the coming five years. If the IMF is right, rising yields are not going to torpedo this bull market in financial assets. Something else may, but not a bloodbath in bonds.
The writer is at Amansa Capital
 Advertisements

BS Primer Sebi s new regime for research analystsSachin P Mampatta |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 10:46 PM IST
BS Primer Sebi's new regime for research analysts
Sebi has sought to regulate analysts for the first time and attempt to address issues including eligibility, transparency and conflicts of interest
The Securities and Exchange Board of India notified the Research Analysts Regulations earlier in the month. The regulations have sought to regulate analysts for the first time and attempt to address issues including eligibility, transparency and conflict of interest. The following are some key changes under the new framework:
Eligibility:
The basic eligibility criteria require a professional qualification, or post-graduate degree or diploma in finance or related fields. A graduate is also eligible to act as a research analyst, provided he has five years of experience in the financial markets. A certification will also be required.
Capital adequacy:
Sebi has put in place a networth requirement of between Rs 1 lakh and Rs 25 lakh, depending on whether the analyst is acting as an individual or a corporate entity or partnership.
Avoiding conflicts of interest:
Research analysts are not allowed to trade in the securities that they follow. The trading restriction is applicable 30 days before and five days after the publication of the research report. Also trades cannot be contrary to the recommendations of the report. They cannot provide analysis on securities that they are involved in bringing to the market for a fixed number of days after the pricing of the issue.
Compensation of research analysts:
Analysts cannot be paid on the basis of investment banking deals or brokerage transactions. Their compensation is to be reviewed by the board of directors of the research entity or through a separate committee appointed by this board. Investment banking and brokerage divisions cannot be represented on this committee. Research analysts should not report to employees of the investment banking and brokerage divisions.
Disclosures:
Research analysts must disclose financial interest in the company whether it is of the analyst, his relatives, or the entity for which he works. Any compensation received from the subject company in the past twelve months must also be disclosed.
Foreign research:
Entities based abroad can only provide research in India through a registered intermediary.
Proxy advisory firms:
Proxy advisory firms, which do not provide buy and sell recommendations, are also required to register with the regulator. These companies provide advice on governance issues and company resolutions. They will also be subject to net-worth requirements and provide reasoning for their reports, as well as disclose policies on getting responses from companies named in their reports.
 Advertisements

CBI Director under scrutinyUpdated: September 11, 2014 00:47 IST
CBI Director under scrutiny
crime, law and justice
Whatever the truth behind the purported contents of the visitors’ register at the Delhi residence of the Director of the Central Bureau of Investigation, there is little doubt that the office is under judicial scrutiny for all the wrong reasons. For years, the politico-legal narrative before the superior courts was whether the CBI had enough autonomy and powers to combat corruption in high places and stand up to serious political interference; and whether the political executive had the will to stand by its premier investigating agency instead of keeping it as a ‘caged parrot’. The current proceedings in the Supreme Court concerning allegations that the CBI Director met persons linked to ongoing investigations into corruption cases, as well as some key political figures, have put the agency on the defensive. The court now wants the Director, Ranjit Sinha, to respond to the charges through an affidavit. Mr. Sinha’s reactions have not been convincing so far. Initially, he questioned the very existence of such a guest register, and later dubbed as fake the one presented in court by public interest petitioners. He later admitted to meeting some of those mentioned, but wondered what could be wrong if he met those aggrieved by investigations by officers under him. He questioned some entries — a point apparently in his favour being the mention of visitors on dates when he and his family were not in New Delhi — and complained vehemently about the alleged violation of his privacy through disclosures about his visitors. He unsuccessfully pleaded for a gag order against the media and got the agency to file a petition seeking action for perjury against the particular non-governmental organisation that raised the issue.
While Mr. Sinha is entitled to defend his conduct, he can have no legitimate objection to the raising of a larger issue concerning his apparent penchant for entertaining at his residence a significant number of guests who were connected with the subject of an investigation. If those with any information, representation or complaint about any investigation wanted to meet him, they should have met him publicly and officially in his office and the visits and representations should have found a place in official records. It is wrong at this stage to surmise that he had promised or discussed undue favours to those under investigation, or that he had violated the code of conduct for public servants. However, the office of the CBI Director holds a special place of significance and sensitivity in the investigation of the high and the mighty, and unrecorded meetings with influential persons connected with any investigation in the secrecy and informal setting of his residence would be entirely inconsistent with the conduct expected in that office.

Captive UN peacekeepers freed in SyriaSeptember 11, 2014 12:53 pm
Captive UN peacekeepers ‘freed’ in Syria
By John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3b920480-39a2-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Economic growth forecasts cut for Ebola-hit West African nationsComments
Sierra Leone has cut its 2014 economic growth forecast to 7 or 8% as an Ebola outbreak cripples business in the iron ore-exporting West African country, the government said on Wednesday.
The economic outlooks for Guinea and Liberia, two other mining-dependent West African countries also fighting Ebola, were lowered by Standard Chartered Bank.
Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia are among the poorest countries in the region and the hardest-hit by the worst Ebola epidemic on record, which has killed nearly 2,300 people.
Sierra Leone finance minister Kaifala Marah told Reuters that a previous target of 11.5% economic growth this year was "unachievable in the face of the Ebola outbreak".
"Revenue is dropping many of the big businesses are folding up," he said, estimating that the government had lost $60 million in revenue in the last three months as activity in the mining and tourism sectors dried up.
The end of Sierra Leone's war just over a decade ago led to large scale investment from mining companies like African Minerals and London Mining, spurring rapid economic growth even if development lagged.
Peace and pristine beaches brought nearly 60,000 visitors last year through the country's nascent tourist industry.
But in the face of the deadly disease, miners have reduced activity, airline flights have been suspended and the government's weak health system is struggling to contain a disease that has killed 509 people so far in the country.
In a September 8 report, Standard Chartered slashed its forecast for Sierra Leone's economic growth this year to 7 percent from a forecast of 12 percent.
"Iron-ore production, which accounted for more than two-thirds of Sierra Leone's 20 percent real GDP growth in 2013, is expected to take a significant hit in 2014," Standard Chartered said.
Cases in this Ebola outbreak were first confirmed in Guinea in March.
The disease has since spread to Liberia and Sierra Leone, and cases have also been reported in Nigeria and Senegal.
But the impact of the disease and restrictions imposed to fight it are being felt across the region.
Standard Chartered said Liberia's economy was expected to grow at 4 percent, missing a 5.9 percent target, largely due to mining companies suspending operations and delaying investment.
It said Ebola would add to political uncertainty and power cuts in Guinea, where economic growth was likely to slip to 2.5 percent from a forecast 4.5 percent.
"As these countries are mining-dependent, growth revisions come on the back of expected production shortfalls," Standard Chartered said.
"Disruptions to agricultural value chains are also considerations. The consequent price pressures could accelerate inflation into double digits by year-end," Standard Chartered said.
The World Health Organisation has warned that Ebola may infect up to 20,000 people in West Africa.
The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation said on Wednesday that it would spend $50 million to support emergency efforts to help contain the epidemic.

An adult woman was found to be missing her cerebellumBy Rachel Feltman September 11 at 1:48 PM Follow @rachelfeltman
That dark spot is the hole where a cerebellum should be. (Feng Yu et al)
A woman in China's Shandong Province checked into the hospital for dizziness and nausea, but her diagnosis took doctors by surprise: She was missing a big chunk of brain. Specifically, she lacked a cerebellum -- a tiny mass in the back of the skull that holds more neurons than the rest of the organ combined. The results of her examination were published last month in the journal Brain .
The patient reported that she'd always had trouble maintaining her balance (not surprising, since the cerebellum is important in motor control) and that she hadn't been able to walk at all until she was 7. Her speech was slurred as a child (again, not surprising -- scientists are pretty sure that the cerebellum plays a part in language development), but was intelligible by the time she was 6.
So essentially, it took less than a decade of life for the rest of her brain to pick up the missing cerebellum's slack. The fact that the patient is alive and thriving is incredible. This is only the ninth time that doctors have found someone to be missing a whole cerebellum, and most of the others have only been discovered after their early deaths. Studying the case will help scientists understand neuroplasticity -- the ability of the brain to adapt itself to changes in behavior, environment, or the body.

Jammu and kashmir Floods: A family finds shelter in a car  prays for missing childrenJammu and kashmir Floods: A family finds shelter in a car  prays for missing children
Front row of NY Fashion Weeks verdict on AppleComment by Duchamp
a cynical view: ammass a collection of works of art, get them valued at full price as if you really could sell them en mass at the peak and then donate them to a museum, for a tax break. does not this …
There are different ways to achieve immortality: cryogenics, cloning, art donations... The latter is the only one to provide you with a sizable tax break, so it is a good choice. And the general publi …
Categories

Ukraine gas price dispute hits GazpromLast updated: September 11, 2014 5:24 pm
Ukraine gas price dispute hits Gazprom profit
By Mark Odell in London and Courtney Weaver in Moscow
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d8bef320-3985-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fox News Host s Pathetic  Apology  For Horrible Ray Rice Commentsreddit
The gang over at "Fox & Friends" is very experienced at walking back, apologizing for or addressing offensive comments made on the show, and host Brian Kilmeade got to add another one to the record books on Tuesday when he attempted to clear up some jokes he and co-host Steve Doocy made about the video of Ray Rice's assault on his then-fiancee.
"The message is, take the stairs!" Kilmeade had quipped , since the video footage of Rice knocking his future wife out and than dragging her unconscious body around was taken from an elevator. For some crazy reason, everyone took this as a cruel and callous comment, not a hilarious example of Kilmeade's sharp wit.
On Tuesday, Kilmeade told viewers that the show took these issues seriously — so seriously that he spent all of 13 seconds walking his comments back.
“Comments that were made during this story made some feel like we are taking the situation too lightly," he said. "We are not, we were not. Domestic abuse is a very serious issue to us, I can assure you.”
Moving on!

Russian Accused of Hacking Seeks New DetentionPeople are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
Apple

Review: U2  Songs of InnocenceRobert Plant, iTunes Festival, Roundhouse, London
The album opens brightly with Larry Mullen Jr leathering his drums and The Edge cranking out vibrant riffs. Then Bono heaves himself to his feet. “I was chasing down the days of fear,” he sings, in the first of no fewer than 137 uses of the first person, many dressed up in the most florid formulations.
“I woke up at the moment when the miracle occurred”: that’s Bono discovering punk rock in “The Miracle (of Joey Ramone)”. “You’ve got a face that’s not spoiled by beauty”: that’s him comforting a plain person in “Song for Someone”. Then there’s his taste for magnificently empty phrase-making: “All I need to know is there is no end to love”, “A heart that is broken is a heart that is open” etc.
Brian “Danger Mouse” Burton is the main producer, but the former hip-hop maverick’s contributions are inaudible. “This Is Where You Can Reach Me Now” hints at his peppy psychedelic style and “The Troubles” has a dramatic orchestral soul backdrop. Otherwise the songs are predictable exercises in stadium rock, all chants and big choruses that rise up like bully pulpits. There are glimpses of the mooted old influences, a Kraftwerk-style electronic melody here, some bristling New Order-like basslines there. None is developed.
Through it all sails the hammy, overwrought presence of Bono. There’s no overt activism, but with him the personal and the political are indistinguishable. Thus final track “The Troubles” borrows the title of Northern Ireland’s 30-year conflict to address the terrible pressure of being Bono. “God knows, it’s not easy,” he cries, “taking on the shape of someone else’s pain.” A graceful Edge solo strikes up – only to be faded out as the album ends. God knows, it can’t be easy being Bono’s bandmate.
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Scotland and sterling: whose currency is itThis guest post is from Charles Proctor, a partner at lawyers Fladgate and an acknowledged expert on the legal aspects of money…
———-
Who “owns” sterling?
With the date of Scotland’s independence referendum fast approaching, the debate over a currency for an independent Scotland has reached fever pitch.
Amid much talk of currency unions and “Plan B”, Alex Salmond has boldly asserted “…it’s our pound and we’re keeping it …”. Good politics, perhaps, but bad law. It is true that, on the independence of Scotland from the remainder of the UK, international law and practice would require the two sides to negotiate an equitable division of assets and liabilities. But – both for economists and lawyers – a monetary system is simply a medium of exchange. In other words, cash is an asset for the person who holds it, not for the central bank that issues it. The sterling monetary system is inextricably linked with the Bank of England, which manages and oversees the currency. However, upon Scotland’s independence, the central bank and other national institutions will remain exclusively with the United Kingdom. The legal expectation is that, consistently with its newly acquired independence, Scotland will establish its own institutions.
So clearly, Scotland has no self-standing legal right to a “share” of the pound, or of the Bank of England. A sterling monetary union would have to be negotiated between the UK and Scotland, and would have to stipulate for fiscal and economic policies designed to ensure financial and monetary stability within the new sterling area. As experience in the Eurozone has clearly demonstrated, agreements of this kind are very difficult to implement and enforce – the chief obstacles being statistics, voters, national pride and a Micawberish hope that “something will turn up”. This may explain the reluctance of the Westminster parties to entertain this structure.
With no right to a “share” of the pound, or to a sterling monetary union, Scotland’s options are already limited; they will be further restricted by its application for EU membership. Where can it go from here?
“Sterlingisation”
First of all, Scotland could continue to use sterling on a unilateral basis – indeed, any country could use it, without the UK’s consent. However, the necessary sterling would have to be earned through trade surpluses. Scotland would not be able to issue sterling banknotes, nor would it have a central bank to “backstop” its financial institutions. It would also be bound into the monetary and exchange rate policies that the remainder of the UK chose to adopt.
But there may be even more fundamental problems. As Olli Rehn has recently pointed out, sterlingisation would be inconsistent with Scotland’s application for EU membership. The accession arrangements now commit all incoming EU Member States to joining the euro at some point. Scotland could not deliver on such a commitment because it would have no central bank and would be unable to join the EU’s exchange rate mechanism. The process also ultimately involves the substitution of the euro for the currency of the incoming Eurozone state – impossible, if Scotland does not have its own currency. Some Member States have deferred Eurozone membership by various means, but none have positively disqualified themselves from it. Sterlingisation would disqualify Scotland – it could never fulfil the Eurozone entry criteria. Scotland’s application for EU membership would thus depend upon an exemption from the EU’s core project to which all other incoming Member States have been required to subscribe. Under current conditions, the EU will not wish to give Scotland a UK-style “opt-out” from the single currency. Sterlingisation would thus be a major obstacle to EU membership.
A new currency
Mr Salmond has long been pressed for his “Plan B” for the currency. In one of the televised debates, he said “…we could have a Scottish currency. We could have a flexible currency like Sweden or Norway. We could have a fixed rate, Scottish pound attached to the pound sterling. That’s what Denmark does with the euro and Hong Kong does with the dollar…”. This was presented as “three Plan Bs”. In truth, it is only one plan – a new Scottish currency. Whether a country has a fixed or floating currency, or a linked exchange rate regime, are incidental matters that flow from the decision to issue a new national currency. Adopting a new currency may carry numerous risks, but it would be more consistent with aspirations to national sovereignty and independence.
In the end, the desire for EU membership will mean that a new Scottish currency is the only game in town. How could the EU possibly accept a commitment to join the single currency from a new Member State whose internal arrangements automatically disqualify it from graduating to the Eurozone? And how can the EU waive a requirement imposed on 12 new Member States over the last ten years?
The currency debate is crucial but it has been clouded and confused by the political needs of the moment. A new currency is the only choice that will secure EU membership for Scotland.
This entry was posted by Guest writer on
Wednesday September 10th, 2014 08:52

The journey to an executive MBA: Preparing for the unpredictable0
Oh, you make cars? (Isn't that sort of just a huge wearable device now?) You're in insurance? (You mean predictive analytics?) You're a banker? (What's your mobile strategy?) You build plane engines? (At least some of your suppliers use 3-D printing for their prototypes.)
For heaven's sake, you can custom-build Radio Flyer's little red wagon online now.
The future? Suit up, business hero. You're in it.
Consulting firms produce treatises that quantify the ambition (or fear) that drives companies to modernize how they do business.
Innovation affects how firms interact with customers, upend manufacturing processes and predict behaviors by examining exabytes of data streaming off connected devices.
Growing demand for new midcareer skills has furnished Chicago with an ample supply of executive MBA programs.
The framework was the thing, as with many MBA courses. The future is mystery. Forces of change are known -- and taught. - James Janega, Blue Sky Reporter
The degree can cost you $50,000 (at Northern Illinois) or $180,000 (at Northwestern University's Kellogg School of Management) and take 17 months (at Notre Dame's Chicago program), 18 months (at Loyola University's Quinlan School of Business) or two years (in a comparable part-time program at DePaul University's Kellstadt Graduate School of Business).
Which future is yours?
During one half-day session in Booth's Tech Strategy II course, we learned a framework to knit known forces into many likely futures. None of these hypothetical futures would happen entirely, but each offered insights into probable effects for a business, an industry — or, for that matter, a life.
The framework was the thing, as with many MBA courses. The future is mystery. Forces of change are known — and taught.
Schatschneider, a farm equipment technologist in Crawfordsville, Ind., called his post-MBA problem-solving “light-years different.”
It's better to use what is known to foresee looming surprises and opportunities. It was one more scalpel my classmates and I tucked into the surgical kit that we use for dissecting uncertainty.
In a nutshell, that's why I got an MBA: to arm myself for the unknowably complex.
James Janega has an MBA from the University of Chicago, with a concentration in entrepreneurship. He covers new ventures, tech startups, corporate innovation and venture capital for the Tribune's Blue Sky Innovation.
Copyright © 2014, Chicago Tribune
Related Content

Fleeing banks face legal hurdles© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24f49c76-39cd-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM Narendra Modi wants  Swacch Bharat  to be linked with economic activityPrime Minister Narendra Modi wants 'Swacch Bharat' to be linked with economic activity
By PTI | 11 Sep, 2014, 10.16PM IST
0
Share More
Modi reiterated his vision of solid waste management and waste water management through the PPP model in 500 towns and cities across India.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today called for making 'Swacch Bharat' into a mass movement and linking it to economic activity to ensure greater participation.
Chairing a high-level meeting here, he said all government departments will actively participate in the programme. Government offices up to panchayat level will be involved in a cleanliness drive that shall be carried out from September 25 till Diwali which falls on October 23.
'Mission Swacch Bharat' (clean India) will be launched on October 2, with Mahatma Gandhi as the inspiration, to create a clean India of his dreams by 2019, his 150th birth anniversary, a statement from the PMO said.
Modi said the pursuit of cleanliness can be an economic activity, contributing to GDP growth, reduction in healthcare costs, and a source of employment.
Linking cleanliness to tourism and global interest in India, he said world-class levels of hygiene and cleanliness are required in India's top 50 tourist destinations, to bring about a paradigm shift in the country's global perception.
If the people of India clean their homes around Diwali every year, why can this attitude not be extended to overall cleanliness and Swacch Bharat , Modi asked, calling for a change in governance attitude towards hygiene and sanitation.
He reiterated his vision of solid waste management and waste water management through the PPP model in 500 towns and cities across India.
In his Independence Day speech, Modi had asked everyone to be a part of the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign and to make it a public movement rather than just a government mission.
The meeting was attended by Union ministers Arun Jaitley , M Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari , besides other senior officers.

New Brain/PTSD Center Opensnew brain/ptsd center opens
India s farm subsidy well below WTO cap of ...READ MORE ON » wto | farm subsidy
India has given a total farm subsidy of $56 billion, of which trade distorting subsidy amounts to only $13.8 billion for 23 commodities.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: India's farm subsidies are well below the WTO's cap of 10 per cent and the developed world should move ahead with finding a permanent solution for stock piling of grains for food security purposes, an official said.
According to a WTO filing, India has given a total farm subsidy of $56 billion, of which trade distorting subsidy amounts to only $13.8 billion for 23 commodities, including rice and wheat.
Explaining India's position, the official said the food subsidy provided by the Indian government for paddy during 2010-11 worked out to be only around 6 per cent of the total output of the commodity in value terms.
In case of wheat, the subsidy is negative one per cent. The US and other WTO members have strongly criticised India for not notifying its farm support for a long time.
"The US and other developed countries have alleged that India is not notifying its agri subsidies because it has breached the 10 per cent cap. But now we have filed the notification to the WTO for seven years (2004-2005 to 2010-2011).
"It has completed its obligations and India is well below and within the de minimis level (10 per cent ) for all its major crops. Now there is no excuse with the developed world to engage with India in finding a permanent solution for its food security issues," the official said.
The subsidy filing would help India in pushing for finding a permanent solution for its public stock holding for food security purposes.
India has asked WTO to amend the norms for calculating agriculture subsidies so that the country could continue to procure foodgrains from farmers at minimum support price and sell them to poor at cheaper rates without violating the norms.
The current WTO norms limit the value of food subsidies at 10 per cent of the total value of food grain production. However, the quantum of subsidy is computed after taking into consideration prices that prevailed two decades ago.
The WTO has resumed work at Geneva from September 1 after a month long vacation.
India had decided not to ratify WTO's Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), which is dear to the developed world, without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution.

A hacker mindset for successSeptember 10, 2014 3:21 pm
A hacker mindset for success, the accelerated way
By Emma Jacobs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/671376f8-37ad-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ensuring safe skies is a path worth takingSeptember 11, 2014 6:22 am
Our skies will not be safe until nations share their knowledge
By Najib Razak
Airlines’ approaches to conflict zones make passengers wonder about safety, says Najib Razak
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/420eb41c-38d9-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Farmers in tears as onion prices crashUpdated: September 12, 2014 01:23 IST
Farmers in tears as onion prices crash
(Reporting by D. Sreenivasulu)
Tweet
THE HINDU Onion being laid out at market yard in Kurnool. Photo: U. Subramanyam.
Several factors are attributed to fall in prices, which include heavy supply, high moisture content due to rains and poor quality
Onion prices at Kurnool market slumped following heavy arrivals in the past few days. The onion season which began on August 1 with a price of Rs. 2,000 per quintal slid to Rs 1,175 on Wednesday. Several factors are attributed to fall in prices, which include heavy supply, high moisture content due to rains and poor quality.
Kurnool is the major onion market in South India and controls prices in the entire country in kharif season while rabi is dominated by the crop from Maharashtra.
The onion produced in Kurnool is exported to Kolkata, Odisha, and Tadepalligudem and also to neighbouring districts.
Onion is cultivated in about 15000 hectares in red soil belt of Kurnool district. Kodumur, Gonegandla, Yemmiganur, C. Belagal and Kurnool rural mandals are major producers of the bulb crop. Onion is the major cash crop for farmers who get money instantaneously to support other agriculture operations as the crop is harvested within 80 days.
Farmers, who own red soil, invariably spare some of the land for onion cultivation every year. Many farmers consider onion as ‘jackpot crop’ which fetches them bumper returns.
Bellary Red, Agri Dark, Agri Red and N-53 are the popular onion varieties while the first occupies the larger area. The arrivals in the last few days peaked to 500 tonnes per day engaging traders and workers in the market yard in lean season. Other commodities start only after a few weeks.
The farmers expressed the opinion that a price of Rs 1,100 to Rs. 1,200 per quintal was not a bad bargain but farmers without prudence might suffer losses in this scenario. Around 80 quintals is produced from an acre plot in good conditions.
R. Jayalakshmi, market yard secretary, told The Hindu that prices would improve if the quality of the commodity improved. Heavy rains brought down the quality and increased moisture content.

Firms issuing offshore bonds hit a company law hurdleHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Firms issuing offshore bonds hit a company law hurdle
KR Srivats
India Inc seeks clarity on whether local private placement norms apply to FCCBs
New Delhi, September 11:  
Indian companies looking to raise money abroad through offshore bond issuances to overseas investors are in a bind, thanks to the new company law requirement around private placement of securities.
They are now looking up to the Corporate Affairs Ministry (MCA) to provide clarity on whether issuances of foreign currency denominated securities like foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCBs) would get covered under the private placement norms.
If private placement norms are applicable to FCCBs, then the domestic companies would have to endure certain compliance burden, raising the cost of funds in such overseas bond sales. The question confounding Indian companies like NTPC – which is looking to issue offshore bonds – is that whether FCCBs and other foreign currency denominated bonds get covered within the meaning of “securities” under Section 42 of the new company law. There is no clarity on this front although bonds come within the definition of securities under the Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act 1956 (SCRR).
NTPC move
NTPC has written to the MCA seeking clarity on this matter, sources said.
Company law professionals including lawyers have knocked the Ministry’s doors. The new company law defines ‘securities’ to have the same meaning as is provided to this term in SCRR. SCRR defines securities to include shares, scrips, stocks, bonds, debentures, debenture stock or other marketable securities of a like nature in or of any incorporated company or other body corporate.
“A foreign bond issuance should not be covered under Section 42 (private placement of securities) as it is not an issuance to Indian investors, but it is an overseas issuance by an Indian company to non-Indian investors coupled with a listing of the debt securities on an overseas exchange,” Lalit Kumar, Partner, J Sagar Associates, a law firm told BusinessLine.
Therefore, it is important that the position regarding this is clarified by MCA as soon as possible, he added.
An offshore bond as commonly referred to, is a foreign currency-denominated instrument which can be subscribed by overseas investors and is issued in a foreign jurisdiction by an Indian issuer, and is listed on an overseas exchange.
In other words, it is a debt security marketed in the international capital markets to investors in countries outside the issuer’s domestic market and/or denominated in a foreign currency.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Scam-blast from the past: Vinod Rai attacks Manmohan Singh  says ex-PM had no  intellectual  professional integrityScam-blast from the past: Vinod Rai attacks Manmohan Singh, says ex-PM had no 'intellectual, professional integrity'
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 11 2014, 22:18  IST
Sep 11 2014, 22:18  IST
 

A Renewable Energy Futurereddit
If we assume that human civilization will continue for at least another 1000 years, then we will eventually arrive at a 100 percent renewable energy system. Whatever you believe about the existing reserves and undiscovered sources of fossil fuels and other combustible or radioactive minerals, they will eventually be exhausted or too expensive to extract.
Policymakers often act as if we had that kind of time. Unfortunately, we don't.
As the science clearly shows, CO2 and other greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions must peak and begin to decline in less than a decade [1] if we are to meet the target of staying below 2°C of global mean temperature rise -- the target to which the 192 member governments of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) have committed themselves.
As the new Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Report on climate impacts released in March this year clearly shows [2] , anything more than 2°C, and human civilization as we know it (not to mention the rest of the biosphere) is in serious trouble.
So, the question about a 100 percent renewable energy future becomes not 'if?' but 'how?' -- and most importantly, 'how quickly can we do it?' and 'how much will it cost?'
"It doesn't cost the world to save the planet", said IPCC Working Group III co-chair Ottmar Edenhofer when unveiling the 'Mitigation' portion of the IPCC Report in Berlin in April [3] . Meeting stringent climate targets on the basis of what we know now will cost somewhere in the vicinity of .06 percent of annual GDP growth for the rest of the century -- and that's not counting the lives that will be saved or much of the climate damage avoided; nor does it take into account the dramatic decrease in wind and solar prices in the last 2-3 years.
But surely renewables can't do it on their own? Today? No. Tomorrow? Why not?
While you will find no shortage of experts who will say that renewables cannot fully power our energy system, you see precious little analysis to back these statements up. One generally hears something like, 'what do you do when the sun doesn't shine or the wind doesn't blow?' -- and then on to tout their favorite technology, whether it be nuclear, 'clean coal,' carbon capture and storage (CCS) or some other variation on the energy system that has gotten us into this mess in the first place.
They conveniently forget that hydro, biomass, solar-thermal, and geothermal are not as variable as are wind and solar PV. They forget that Brazil, Norway and New Zealand are nearly at a 100 percent renewable electricity supply, and that Denmark, Sweden and others are already moving in that direction.
They forget that with broader grid coverage areas and strong interconnections, power can be moved about quite efficiently, and they forget the growing movement of homeowners and businesses moving increasingly towards self-sufficiency, primarily through the use of solar PV and other small-scale technologies whose costs have come down dramatically in recent years.
With sufficient storage (pumped, compressed air, batteries, fuel cells), sufficient dispatchable renewables, and energy efficiency, energy conservation, smart grids and demand management systems, it is certainly technically feasible to power our economy completely on renewable energy, as various simulations in different parts of the world have shown.
Further, in the places with large RE penetration such as Denmark, you see a much greater role for electricity in the overall energy system, not only for transport but for heating as well.
The fact is, a 100 percent renewable energy future is technically feasible, and at low or no cost to GDP, especially when you consider the fuel savings involved for most economies AND the necessary removal of the $650 billion/year or so in subsidies to fossil fuel production and consumption. The question is whether it is politically feasible.
We really do only have a very limited time to act before climate impacts move from bad to catastrophic, taking decisions out of the hands of democratically elected governments and put first in the hands of the emergency services, and ultimately, the military.
The higher capital costs of investing in a renewable future now will be more than paid back by fuel savings down the line, not to mention all the other savings from reduced expenditure on refugee camps, dikes and fire-fighting. However, the real question is not whether or not we can afford it. We very clearly can't afford NOT to... and we don't have much time.
[1] http://www.ecofys.com/en/publication/feasibility-of-ghg-emissions-phase-out-by-mid-century/
[2] The IPCC Working Group II contribution to the 5th Assessment Report on impacts, adaptation and vulnerability were released in Yokohama, Japan, on 31 March 2014. www.ipcc.ch

The hunt for SpinosaurusThe scientist's discovery of the world’s first semiaquatic dinosaur — known as the Spinosaurus and on display as a replica starting Friday at the National Geographic Museum — nearly didn’t happen.
And it only happened from the kind of luck concocted in movies.
Nizar Ibrahim, a paleontologist, was traveling in 2008 in Morocco, researching the country’s Kem Kem beds, a Mars-like graveyard full of innumerable dinosaur fossils buried 95 million years ago. One day, a Moroccan fossil hunter came up to him on the dusty streets of Erfoud, an oasis town where dealers and hunters gather before expeditions.
“He heard that I was a guy looking for dinosaur fossils, and he said he had something for me to look at,” recalled Ibrahim, 32, a University of Chicago paleontologist. “He really didn’t know what he had.”
[Related: First evidence of a swimming dinosaur ]
What the Moroccan man showed Ibrahim was groundbreaking in the dino-world: A chunk of finger bone and spine from what would later be verified as Spinosaurus aegyptiacus, a swimming predator that’s about 50 feet in length, about nine or ten feet longer than the notorious Tyrannosaurus Rex. (No doubt a sore spot for T. rex fans.)
The predator ate sharks, boasted a crocodile-like snout that enabled it to sense movement in the water, huge conical shaped teeth for gnashing on car-sized fish; and, its signature feature, enormous dorsal spines that created a sail on its back that would have been visible even when it was roaming the waters.
The Moroccan man’s discovery was all the more significant because the world’s last known partial skeleton of a Spinosaurus had been destroyed in the 1944 Allied bombing of Munich, where they had been kept by German paleontologist Ernst Stromer.
A replica of that finger-and-spine chunk is the first item to greet visitors at the National Geographic’s exhibit, “Spinosaurus: Lost Giant of the Cretaceous,” which lasts through April 12. But deeper inside the exhibit, as you walk past videos and display cases that tell the history of the Spinosaurus and the story of Ibrahim’s discovery, you see the beast in its full, skeletal glory: a plastic resin-and-fiberglass replica of the swimming Spino, based off Ibrahim’s discovery and other Spinosaurus fossils found in the same spot in Morocco and later obtained by the Natural History Museum of Milan.
The discovery of that finger-and-spine fossil in the streets of Erfoud paved a path for the creation of National Geographic’s exhibit and the creation of the Spinosaurus replica.
“We knew a lot of about the Spinosaurus before this, about individual bones and other fossils, but we didn’t have a partial skeleton that would serve as a Rosetta Stone, which would help us put the animal together and envision its size and proportions,” said Paul Sereno, a University of Chicago paleontology professor, who collaborated with Ibrahim and helped lead an international team of researchers to study the new Spinosaurus fossils.
Most of the Spinosaurus fossils are still at Sereno’s lab at the University of Chicago and will eventually be repatriated to Morocco, he said. But the National Geographic Museum’s exhibit does have some of the real Spinosaurus fossils found in Morocco, including a very scary four-toed foot, a piece of the beast’s jaw and spine from the animal’s sail.
“We would have normally put more of the skeleton in a whole display case, but we knew this was all going to go back to Morocco, and they have to trust us that we’re going to give that material back,” Sereno said.
Plus, Ibrahim added, “We still need to continue studying the fossils.”
Getting the fossil out of Morocco in the first place wasn’t that hard. Back in 2008, Ibrahim suspected the local Moroccan man’s discovery was likely a skeletal piece of the Spinosaurus. So Ibrahim and a colleague paid the man a nominal fee, and took it.
“We told him we weren’t fossil collectors and that we wanted to put this in the collection of Morocco,” Ibrahim recalled. “He knew we weren’t some foreigners looting.”
Ibrahim first brought the fossil to a university in Casablanca, but he said officials there couldn’t confirm the object, so he took it back to Dublin, where he was writing a dissertation on the Cretaceous era of Morocco. But he on his own could not verify what it was exactly. So, he took it back to Morocco and returned it to the Casablanca university.
“I knew there was something special about this piece,” Ibrahim said. “It seemed like the kind of thing where you’d have to wait until more material is found.”
It took about another year or two for more fossils from that same Spinosaurus to emerge on Ibrahim's radar — and for him to finally get his eu­reka moment. He traveled to Milan, and visited its natural history museum, whose experts showed him what they had recently gotten on their own: many more fossils from the same Spinosaurus in Morocco.
“I saw the cross-section of the bones and my mind started racing. I thought, ‘Wow, this looks exactly like the strange chunk of bone I found,” Ibrahim said. “The color and the sediment were the same — it was reddish and had yellow streaks.”
But how could Ibrahim get what he found and combine it with what the Italians had? And then, how could all the bones be studied at once, ultimately to build a replica?
By 2011, as Ibrahim was planning to team up with Sereno at the University of Chicago, the two helped persuade the Italians to ship the Spinosaurus bones to his lab.
“It was unbelievable. About 1200 pounds of bones arrived in Chicago by February of 2012,” Sereno said. “Now, we could build the replica. We’d do it in less than a year. It was going to be bigger and badder — the crowning glory of Spinosauruses.”
Thanks to about $600,000 of funds from the National Geographic, Sereno and his team CT-scanned the fossils, and had the replica constructed in Toronto before it was ultimately shipped to Washington.
For Ibrahim, he still cannot believe the discovery hinged on his happenstance run-in with a random man from Morocco. “It's pretty incredible, finding that mysterious, mustachioed man in the desert,” Ibrahim said. “What are the odds?”
Ian Shapira is a features writer on the local enterprise team and enjoys writing about people who have served in the military and intelligence communities. He joined the Post in 2000 and has covered education, criminal justice, technology, and art crime.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410459024/1410459024000/1410459024 tracking: {authors=Ian Shapira, blog_name=speaking-of-science, content_category=National, in_url_headline=the-hunt-for-spinosaurus, post_id=1012, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 6:10:24 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 6:10:24 PM

RadioShack Warns of Possible Ch. 11 BankruptcyPeople are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
Apple

Average US 30-Year Mortgage Rate at 4.12 PercentPeople are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
Apple

Jealousy no reason to tie down GoogleSeptember 10, 2014 7:06 pm
Continental jealousy is no reason to tie down Google
By John Gapper
Europe’s Lilliputians should not bind Gulliver simply because the tech giant is bigger than them
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4f5b43a-374a-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Average Rate on 30-Year Home Loan 4.12 PercentPeople are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
Apple

Apple in talks over pay system in EuropeLast updated: September 11, 2014 5:04 pm
Apple in talks to bring pay technology to Europe
By Daniel Schäfer in London and Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/80ff41b2-3908-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chipotle Workers Shut Down Store Over  Borderline Sweatshop Conditionsreddit
A Chipotle near Pennsylvania State University shut down on Wednesday after managers reportedly quit over brutal work hours and understaffing.
A sign posted on the door to the eatery said that most employees resigned in protest of their "borderline sweatshop conditions." Below the message read: “People > profits.”
“Ask our corporate offices why their employees are forced to work in borderline sweatshop conditions,” the sign read. “Almost the entire management and crew have resigned.”
The Chipotle in downtown State College is closed after employees left this note about sweatshops pic.twitter.com/bwF3FRDpBt
— The Daily Collegian (@DailyCollegian) September 10, 2014
“Our Penn State restaurant was closed when a few employees quit, locking out a majority of others who are enthusiastic to return to work,” Chris Arnold, a spokesman for Chipotle, told The Huffington Post in an email.
Arnold told HuffPost the store re-opened at 5 p.m. on Wednesday.
The managers who quit held the keys to open the restaurant, Arnold said. He did not immediately respond to a question about the number of workers that left, or how many remain.
A regional manager arrived early on Wednesday afternoon to observe the situation and request that the managers remove the sign from the door, according to Penn State’s student newspaper the Daily Collegian .
HuffPost called the State College, Penn. location of Chipotle around 4 p.m. on Wednesday. When asked if the store had re-opened, a man who identified himself as “Eric” over the phone referred HuffPost to corporate public relations and hung up the phone.
Brian Healy, a former manager at the eatery, told the student-run news site Onward State that the restaurant was understaffed, forcing employees to work 10-12 hour shifts without breaks.
"Working conditions are heinous," he told Onward State. "I'm not trying to take down the Chipotle corporation, I just want to see people treated better."
The walkout comes just a week after fast-food workers across the country protested for higher wages. Hundreds were arrested . Chipotle pays workers higher wages than many of its corporate competitors, and it remains unclear whether the mass resignation at the Penn State location was related to the strikes.
This post has been updated to reflect that the store has re-opened.
More:

Mid- and small-caps rise  outperform S&P 500S&P 500 rebounds with energy shares; Dow dips
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
Finance NASDAQ Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. JPMorgan Chase & Co.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks recovered from early losses on Thursday, with the S&P 500 managing a slight gain as energy prices and oil stocks turned higher and financials lent support.
The S&P energy index <.SPNY> rose 0.1 percent, after trading down more than 1 percent earlier. Shares of Exxon Mobil , which had been down for much of the session, closed up 0.2 percent.
Apart from geopolitical concerns, investors are becoming increasingly worried about the global economy, and especially Europe, weakening again. ( Gail MarksJarvis )
U.S. crude oil futures  ended up 1.3 percent, while Brent was flat.  U.S. crude prices have lost roughly 3 percent so far this month while the S&P energy index is down 3.8 percent.
"You've got a fairly good rally back in oil, which has certainly helped some of the stocks tied to that," said Rick Meckler, president of LibertyView Capital Management in Jersey City, New Jersey.
Weighing on the market earlier was data showing jobless claims unexpectedly rose, the second discouraging read on the labor market within a week.
8
The day's pause comes as investors debate whether equities have enough catalysts to push prices further upward, or whether a long-overdue correction may be around the corner.
One strategist, David Rosenberg of Canadian asset manager Gluskin Sheff, told Reuters on Thursday he thinks U.S. stocks have entered a corrective phase but that the underlying bull market remains intact.
The S&P 500 had closed at a record high Friday and the index is up 8.1 percent for the year so far.
Financials also helped lift the market, with JPMorgan Chase , up 0.9 percent, and Bank of America  up 1.3 percent, among the biggest positives for the S&P 500.
The Fed supposedly owns 1/4 of ALL stocks. Anybody who still thinks investing in the stock market, and the dollar is getting stronger, is an idiot.
Jackie Puppet
90
"Their valuations are still reasonable, and the concern some investors have is that some of the higher-valuation (stocks) won't be able to survive a rise in interest rates," Meckler said.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 19.71 points, or 0.12 percent, to 17,049, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 1.76 points, or 0.09 percent, to 1,997.45 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 5.28 points, or 0.12 percent, to 4,591.81.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Vail Resorts , which rose 11.70 percent. The largest percentage decliner was Brady , down 7.68 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Bank of America; AK Steel , up 3.30 percent at $9.38; and Sprint , up 6.83 percent to $6.57.
On the Nasdaq, Apple , up 0.4 percent to $101.43; Facebook , up 0.6 percent to $77.92; and JDS Uniphase , up 10.3 percent to $13.36, were among the most actively traded.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 1,720 to 1,324, for a 1.30-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,576 issues rose and 1,110 fell for a 1.42-to-1 ratio favoring advancers.
The broad S&P 500 index posted 16 new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 70 new highs and 43 new lows.
(Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)

This Dog Loves Spa Time More Than Anyone In The Entire Worldreddit
If you've ever been to a spa, then you might have experienced just half the bliss this dog appears to be enjoying in a video, above, posted September 6th by Youtuber FoxYouDota .
The dog seems to be so relaxed during its luxurious soapy scrub that it could melt right into the tub. But it is not the only animal to appreciate the finer things in life this much: check out Casper the dog taking a soothing bath or this chihuahua loving a neck massage .

International law and doing business in occupied territoryComments
By Eugene Kontorovich September 11 at 2:21 PM
My new academic working paper, Economic Dealings With Occupied Territories, has just been posted on SSRN. It t will useful to anyone interested on the law behind calls for BDS, and more generally, questions concerning third-party nationals doing business in places from the Golan Heights to Crimea. More generally, it deals with the fascinating intersection of international trade and public international law.
Here is the abstract:
In recent years, the international legality of economic activity in occupied territories has emerged as matter of significant debate, largely focused on Israeli-controlled territories. Some European officials, supported by prominent scholars and a wide range of NGOs, claim that international law requires limiting or prohibiting economic relations involving the Israeli-controlled West Bank and Golan Heights. Claims are increasingly being heard that international law requires a boycott of Israeli settlements, or at least the clear labeling of goods produced there.
The question of the lawfulness of such activity has even greater salience and urgency with Russia’s annexation of Crimea and belligerent occupation of Eastern Ukraine. These areas have a significantly greater economic potential than most currently occupied territories, and Moscow is actively seeking foreign investment there.
Discussions of these legal issues have proceeded largely along theoretical lines, ignoring the rich trove of relevant state practice from other occupied territories such as Western Sahara, Northern Cyprus, Nagorno-Karabakh and Abkhazia. The EU, the U.S. and other states have adopted a variety of formal positions regarding activities in these territories. Moreover, recent years have seem a proliferation of state practice and, for the first time, judicial decisions, involving these very questions.
This article conducts a comprehensive survey of the relevant current state practice and judicial precedent regarding occupied territories, aside from the well-examined case of Israel. Much of this practice has never been considered by scholars, let along examined holistically. Clear patterns emerge when state practice is examined global, and the principles they suggest are in turn reaffirmed by recent path-breaking decisions of European national courts.
State practice and decisions of important national courts support a fully permissive approach to economic dealings by third-party states or nationals in territories under prolonged occupation or illegal annexation. There is no obligation on third-party states to block such activity, or to insist on particular language on product labels, or to ensure that their foreign aid funds do not cross into occupied territory. That does not mean that third countries are prohibited from taking such actions for diplomatic, rather than legal, reasons – though given in the absence of a public law prohibition, WTO and other trade rules may actively bar third-country restrictions on such activity. Practice is most varied on the question of trade treaties extending to occupied territory, as this seems to depend more on the interpretation of the particular instruments, rather than general principles.
Law review editors: it is on the market.
(For the purposes of the article, I treat all arguably occupied territories as occupied as such.)
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410459667/1410459667000/1410459667 tracking: {authors=Eugene Kontorovich, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=international-law-and-doing-business-in-occupied-territory, post_id=13373, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 6:21:07 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 6:21:07 PM

Religious freedom and economic growthSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Kerala liquor policy: SC orders status quosocial issue
The bar owners in Kerala will be able to serve liquor till Sep, 30 as the Supreme Court on Thursday ordered a status quo till then.
An apex court bench of Justice Anil R. Dave and Justice U.U. Lalit asked the Kerala High Court to hear the plea by the bar owners who have challenged the Kerala government notification asking them to pull down shutters on their businesses. The state order was effective Sep 11.
The court expressed the hope that the High Court will decide the matter by Sep 30.
The Kerala government order banning sale of liquor at the bars, other than 5-star hotels, was to come into force from 11 p.m. Thursday.

SC: Follow Gujarat prohibitionmodelPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:14 am
Suggesting it should follow the Gujarat model if it wants alcohol prohibition in the state, the Supreme Court on Thursday restrained the Kerala government from shutting down more than 700 bars in the state till September 30.
“If you want to ban alcohol, stop it totally. Stop the whole thing in one go, like Gujarat. Gujarat is much safer,” observed a bench of Justices Anil R Dave and U U Lalit, while questioning the rationale of the Kerala policy that has proposed to implement prohibition in the state in 10 years. It has limited the bar licences to only five-star hotels for now.
Gujarat has a total prohibition policy, with no pubs or bars in the state. Prohibition was imposed when Gujarat was carved out from the state of Bombay in May 1960 to respect Mahatma Gandhi’s views on alcohol. The official policy bars manufacture, storage, sale and consumption of liquor, and makes these punishable offences.
The bench noted that “drinking was a social problem” but questioned why the state was not imposing prohibition at one go rather than only asking bars which were not in five-star establishments to shut down “abruptly”.
The remarks came as state’s counsel defended the move to shut non-five star hotel bars, pointing out that Kerala had the maximum liquor consumption and this had been causing huge problems.
Kerala argued that retail shops were not the real problems since family members would object to drinking at home but at these bars, even young people were drinking without restrictions.
In Kerala, around 22 per cent of the total government revenue comes from the liquor industry. It has the highest per capita consumption of liquor in the country at 8.3 litres, and the ban is lilkely to incur a loss of Rs 8,000 crore annually.
The bench temporarily suspended the state’s new liquor policy, and asked the Kerala High Court, where a bunch of petitions against the new liquor policy is pending, to hear the bar owners’ grievances expeditiously and decide the matter, if possible, by September 30.

Conversion: BJP sends team to SitamarhivillagePrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:55 am
The state BJP on Thursday sent a “fact-finding” team to Rampur Khurd village in Sitamarhi, where a Hindu woman alleged she was being pressured by some people from her village, including her husband, to convert to Islam.
Although police have arrested four of the seven accused for “harassing” the woman, the BJP said they should have been booked under stringent IPC provisions relating to  promoting enmity between different groups on grounds of religion. The police have so far arrested Mohammed Mustakin, Mohammed Dulare, Shahid Ansari and Shabbir Ansari, all from Rampur Khurd village. Three others, including complainant Yasoda Devi’s husband Ramkishore Ram (45), who has converted himself and calls himself Mohammed Abdullah Shekh, are absconding.
Yasoda Devi recently complained to police that her husband, who was “forcibly converted to Islam” in August, and a few local Muslims had been “forcing her and daughter to convert”. Her Dalit community, however, resisted the attempt.
BJP leader Sushil Kumar Modi said: “Our team has reached Sitamarhi and would talk to all parties. The initial reports suggest that the woman was being forced to convert. Once we get the details, we will decide what to do next.”

RadioShack restructuring begins to takes shapeRadioShack restructuring begins to takes shape
RadioShack
SHANNON STAPLETON
The exterior of a RadioShack store is seen in the Queens borough of New York.
The exterior of a RadioShack store is seen in the Queens borough of New York. (SHANNON STAPLETON)
By Nick Brown and Ramkumar Iyer, Reuters
Bankruptcy RadioShack Corporation Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
Many analysts believe a bankruptcy is unavoidable for RadioShack.
Troubled electronics retailer RadioShack Corp , whose shares swung wildly on Wednesday, is being advised by a restructuring attorney at law firm Jones Day as it tries to strike a deal with creditors to close stores while averting bankruptcy, two people close to the matter told Reuters.
The company, whose share price on Wednesday swung between 76 cents and $1.09 in a chaotic day of trading, is being advised by Jones Day's David Heiman, a retail expert who led Allied Stores and Boscov's Department Stores through bankruptcy, said the people, who declined to be named because the matter is not public.
The company is working on a financing deal it hopes will help it avoid bankruptcy, the people said. Bloomberg News reported that the deal would be financed by UBS AG and Standard General LP, and would refinance RadioShack's $535 million asset-backed revolving credit line from General Electric Co's GE Capital.
Restructuring?? So when will be the last day for the dinosaur?
RobertLop46
1
RadioShack's landlords may be open to a mass store closure if they believe it would allow them to find new tenants more quickly than in a bankruptcy, which could take months or years and lead to messy litigation, said one of the people.
RadioShack tried to close 1,100 stores this year, but reduced that number to 200 when lenders did not agree to the plans.
RadioShack and Heiman declined to comment on Wednesday. The company is also being advised by financial advisers at Peter J. Solomon Co and turnaround experts at AlixPartners.
A third source told Reuters many creditors are "in the dark" on talks, suggesting discussions could be narrow in scope and still in early stages.
Many analysts believe a bankruptcy is unavoidable for the one-time electronics giant that has struggled to modernize.
Its stock plummeted as much as 20 percent to 76 cents earlier on Wednesday after Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter said the company could file for bankruptcy soon, making the stock worthless by the end of this year. The stock has fallen from a high of $78 at the peak of the dotcom boom.
Pachter, rated four stars out of five by StarMine for the accuracy of his calls on RadioShack, is the second top-rated analyst to cut the stock's price target to zero this year.
RadioShack, which has been around for more than 90 years, was once a go-to shop for budding innovators and engineers for products that ranged from vacuum tube speakers to the first mass-produced PC.
But the retailer has done little to transform itself into a destination for mobile phone buyers, losing out to rivals such Amazon.com Inc and Wal-Mart Stores Inc .
Pachter, who previously had a price target of $1, said he was lowering the target as declining sales of consumer electronics and falling margins were likely to force the company to seek bankruptcy protection to turn around its business.
(Reporting by Nick Brown in New York and Ramkumar Iyer in Bangalore; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Cynthia Osterman)

Vanzara gets bail  but wontwalkVanzara has been asked to surrender his passport.
Written by Aamir Khan | Mumbai | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:16 am
Suspended Gujarat Deputy Inspector General of Police D G Vanzara was granted bail by the Bombay High Court on Thursday, seven years after his arrest in the alleged fake encounter of suspected Lashkar-e-Toiba operative Sohrabuddin Sheikh and his wife Kauserbi.
The court while ordering his release restrained Vanzara from entering Gujarat.
Vanzara, however, will not be released from prison yet as he has not secured bail in the cases involving the killing of Tulsiram Prajapati, a key witness in the Sohrabuddin encounter, and the 2004 Ishrat Jahan encounter.
The Bombay High Court  had on July 9 granted bail to two suspended officers of the Rajasthan Police in the case.
“Once a particular view has been taken by the apex court, in a particular case, propriety requires that such view is given due regard and accepted. After all, the period of more than seven years is too big a period to be spent as an under-trial prisoner,” Justice A M Thipsay observed.
“When others — also actively and clearly involved in the alleged offences — were granted bail, without bothering much about ascertaining their respective roles in the offences… bail ought not to be refused to the applicant,” the justice added.
The court observed that the SC on March 28 had granted bail to IPS officer Rajkumar Pandian and former sub-inspector of Gujarat ATS
B R Chaubey in connection with the case. On April 28, the Bombay HC had granted bail to three suspended Gujarat officers — Abhay Chudasama, Dinesh M N and M L Parmar.
The court said permitting Pandian, Dinesh, Chudasama, Chaubey and Parmar to be out on bail, but insisting on Vanzara’s detention was not fair.
The judge asked Vanzara to furnish Rs 2 lakh with one or two sureties in the sum of Rs 1 lakh. The court also ordered him not to “directly or indirectly” influence persons acquainted with the facts, to be present in the court on all the dates fixed for hearing and surrender his passport to the CBI.

Americans  Ever Hateful of Leisure  Are More Likely to Work Nights and WeekendsData: Hamermesh and Stancanelli
But where we really shine is on the night shift. More than a quarter of Americans toil away after 10 p.m. The Dutch? Only 6.9 percent. (In case you were wondering, there was no data for famously-late-to-bed Spain on this front.)
Data: Hamermesh and Stancanelli
In general, Hamermesh and Stancanelli find that Americans who work longer hours overall are also more likely to get stuck chugging away in the evenings and on weekends. In a sense, that's comforting, since the people who tend to work extra-long hours are usually highly educated and highly paid.
But the sheer time we spend working doesn't explain why so many of us find ourselves staring into a glowing Outlook screen at 12:43 a.m. on a Wednesday. Even if Americans worked the same amount of time as the French, Dutch, or British, Hamermesh and Stancanelli find that we'd still be more likely to stay up late tooling around with Excel, reading memos, or doing whatever else it is that keeps us up at ungodly hours. It might be a cultural issue. It might be because we have fewer laws governing when people can and can't be on the clock. Though it feels unlikely, there might even be a happy story here about enlightened American companies allowing their employees to use flexible schedules to accommodate their personal needs. Whatever the reasons, Americans  structure their workweeks differently than Europeans. We're night owls and weekend MS Office warriors—which, in the eyes of the rest of the world, probably looks pretty nuts.
Jordan Weissmann is Slate's senior business and economics correspondent.

Ebola survivor Kent Brantly donates blood to an infected American being treated in NebraskaBy Abby Phillip September 11 at 3:20 PM Follow @abbydphillip
Kent Brantly, who contracted the deadly Ebola virus and survived, smiles during a news  conference at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta on Aug. 21. (Tami Chappell/Reuters)
Kent Brantly, the American doctor who survived the Ebola virus, has donated a unit of his blood to another American being treated for the virus in Nebraska.
The donation, which was first reported by NBC News, was confirmed by a spokesperson for Samaritan's Purse, the aid organization Brantly was associated with while he worked as a medical missionary in Liberia.
"He flew out from North Carolina to Nebraska to give a unit of blood," Franklin Graham president and CEO Samaritan's Purse told NBC News . "His blood was a perfect match."
Brantly flew to Omaha on  Sept. 5 to donate a unit of his blood to 51-year-old doctor Rick Sacra, who is the same blood type, the spokesman told The Post.
Sacra, who is being treated at Nebraska Medical Center, was the third of four Americans known to have been flown from a West African nation to the U.S. after being infected with Ebola. A fourth American with Ebola is being treated at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, where Brantly and another missionary, Nancy Writebol, were successfully treated for the virus.
As a survivor, Brantly is immune to this particular strain of Ebola. The blood of survivors is believed to contain antibodies that can help sick people fight the disease.
Brantly himself received a unit of blood from a young Ebola survivor he'd treated in Liberia before he  was flown back to the United States while battling his own sickness.
Earlier this month, the World Health Organization said the use of survivors' blood to battle the epidemic in West Africa is a "matter of priority."
“We agreed that whole-blood therapies and convalescent serum may be used to treat Ebola virus disease and that all efforts must be invested into helping affected countries use them safely,” Marie-Paule Kieny, assistant director general for health systems and innovation at the WHO told reporters .
The virus has infected more than 3,600 people in Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone, Nigeria and Senegal. According to the WHO, 47 percent of those infected during the outbreak have survived. The large pool of survivors and the lack of specific and proven treatment or vaccine for the virus makes the blood of survivors one of the most important treatments available right now.
Sacra, a medical doctor, was delivering babies in a Liberian hospital when he became sick. He was not treating Ebola patients so it is unclear how he became infected.
Doctors at Nebraska Medical Center say he is in stable condition at the hospital .
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national/health-science, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410463214/1410463214000/1410463214 tracking: {authors=Abby Phillip, blog_name=to-your-health, content_category=National/health-science, in_url_headline=ebola-survivor-kent-brantly-donates-blood-to-infected-american-being-treated-in-nebraska, post_id=5074, section={section=national/health-science, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 7:20:14 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 7:20:14 PM

BJD leader in RS quits  says beingtargetedPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:58 am
TWO months after his name was linked to alleged house-grabbing in the CAG report on allotment of houses and plots under Bhubaneswar Development Authority’s discretionary quota, BJD leader Kalpataru Das on Thursday resigned as the leader of the BJD Parliamentary Party in the Rajya Sabha.
In his resignation letter to party chief Naveen Patnaik, Das said: “I have been targeted by certain individuals for the past one-and-half month. False and fabricated stories are being spread to tarnish my image… I do not want the image of my leader and party to be tarnished.”  Accepting the resignation, Naveen appointed Rajya Sabha MP and former India hockey captain Dilip Tirkey in Das’s place.
Considered to be Naveen’s political adviser, Das enjoyed considerable clout in the party, earning resentment of several of his party colleagues. But the tide turned against him after the CAG report accused Das and his family members of cornering plots and houses.

Starbucks may let baristas bare their tattoosStarbucks may let baristas bare their tattoos
Zbigniew Bzdak, Chicago Tribune
Howard D. Schultz Hutson
The dress code at Starbucks tells baristas in no uncertain terms to keep tattoos under wraps. But the Seattle coffee giant, pondering ways to keep morale high among its front-line troops, could lift the ban on visible body artwork.
In an internal email last week, chief operating officer Troy Alstead said the company is revisiting its "dress code, including the tattoo policy."
Other items on the agenda for reform include how to structure pay to better reward employees according to their performance and their length of employment, an on-shift "food benefit," and allowing tipping on the company's Android app.
A Starbucks spokesman said the email was part of a detailed follow-up to CEO Howard Schultz's announcement earlier this summer of a campaign to improve staffers' careers. The company invited U.S. employees to comment about the process at a special Facebook page.
@TheDoctor1963 I do the same thing and say why I am leaving
ch47fixer
2
The move comes amid recent criticism of Starbucks' scheduling policies, which the coffee giant has vowed to improve, and a wider national debate about the quality of service-industry jobs. Starbucks says it provides generous benefits such as a subsidy for online college education, retirement benefits and healthcare for a large majority of its employees.
But its dress code remains pretty uptight. Perfumes and aftershave are not allowed "because the smell affects the taste and aroma of our coffee," according to a Starbucks human resources presentation. Jewelry must be discreet, and earrings are limited to two per ear.
But other piercings, including tongue studs, are forbidden. As for tattoos, its rule is simple: "tattoos cannot be visible."
Last month the tattoo policy was challenged when Kristie Williams, a Starbucks employee from Atlanta, created a Coworker.org petition to change the rule. Williams said the long sleeves needed to cover her tattoos get in the way, especially in the summer. More than 21,652 people have signed the online petition.
Sara Frandsen, who worked last year for seven months at a Starbucks, said that wearing long sleeves to cover her arm tattoos was not only unsanitary and uncomfortable, but not in tune with modern coffee culture.
"People expect baristas to have tattoos," said the 25-year old, who has her right arm from wrist to shoulder covered in roses, and her left arm decorated with iconography from Legend of Zelda, a videogame.
Frandsen, who now works at another coffeeshop in Seattle, said baristas will perform better if they don't have to worry about being fired "when you have a heart on your elbow."
Starbucks spokesman Zack Hutson said the company's review of its tattoo prohibition began before the petition. "We are always actively engaged in discussion with our partners to determine how to make their Starbucks experience better and more valuable to them," he said. "We know the dress code and tattoo policy is important to them so we are taking a fresh look at it."
Williams, the Atlanta barista, said in a statement that she was "absolutely thrilled" after seeing the email from Alstead, the COO. "The day I buy my first short-sleeved Starbucks shirt will definitely be a great day."
 

American Politics as a Billionaire s Playgroundreddit
Think of this as the year that democracy of, by, and for the billionaires shall not perish from the Earth -- not when we're on a new electoral playing field in a political world in which distinctions are no longer made between unlimited money and unlimited speech. In other words, these days, if you have billions of dollars, you can shout from the skies and the rest of us have to listen. If, as Steve Fraser points out today, we've been witnessing the return of "family capitalism on steroids," nowhere has it been bigger than in American politics, aided and abetted by that ultimate family institution, the Supremes (and I'm not, of course, talking about the classic Motown group).
We're still almost two months from the midterm elections in which the Republicans already have the House of Representatives essentially wrapped up and ads for Senate races are zipping onto TV screens in "battleground states" at a dizzying pace. To fund those ads and other campaign initiatives, dollars by the millions are pouring into the coffers of "dark money" outfits in a way guaranteed to leave the record for spending on midterm elections in a ditch at the side of the road. We now have our first estimates of what election 2014 is going to look like as a billionaire's playground; and count on it, you're going to hear the words "record," "billionaire," and "ads" a lot more until November.
"Outside groups" have already spent $120 million on TV ads alone, more than half that sum coming from those dark-money groups that don't have to let anyone know who their contributors are. At the top of that shadowy list are six outfits linked to David and Charles Koch, the billionaire brothers from Wichita. Together, those groups have already sent a mind-spinning 44,000 ads into the politico-sphere in those battleground states, and the Kochs' Americans for Prosperity (AFP) leads the pack with 27,000 of them. In the end, AFP alone is expected to put $125 million into this year's midterm elections, a figure that should take your breath away and yet that's only a start.
Sheldon Adelson, of casino fame, may, for example, put $100 million of his $31.6 billion fortune into this campaign season, shuttling much of it through dark-money outfits, including AFP. On the liberal side of the spectrum, environmentalist and billionaire Tom Steyer has pledged to sink $50 million into campaigns to promote candidates ready to act on global warming (though there is little question that, in the billionaire sweepstakes, the right-wing ones are going to outspend the liberal ones, and Republicans outspend Democrats).
In all of this, you can see the urge of America's new crop of billionaires to "play god" at our expense and with our lives -- to decide for us, ad by ad, dark-money outfit by dark-money outfit, how we should organize ourselves politically. Historian Steve Fraser, author of Wall Street: America's Dream Palace , has rubbed elbows with many a billionaire -- on the page, if not in life. As he writes in his latest essay, " Playing God ," from this country's earliest tycoons to the latest batch of family capitalists, he finds one overwhelming, unifying trait: a deep-seated belief, in a country that worships self- or family-made money, that the more billions you have, the more you should be listened to. In his upcoming book, The Age of Acquiescence: The Life and Death of American Resistance to Organized Wealth and Power , he explores how, in our second (even more) gilded age, others with little money also came to believe that, rather than resist it.
More:

A preschool pumpkin patch was raided. So begins the war on autumn.By Elahe Izadi September 11 at 3:04 PM Follow @ElaheIzadi
Oluwafunto Akinnurele holds a painting of pumpkins. The very pumpkins that were stolen from the Child Development Center at Eastern New Mexico University. (Child Development Center handout via AP)
Pumpkins of America: You are not safe.
Okay, that’s a bit alarmist, but between the pumpkin-flavored lattes and beers and now news of a pumpkin-patch raid in New Mexico, America’s pumpkins wouldn’t be out of their gourds to think they’re endangered. (If they could think, that is.)
Preschoolers at Eastern New Mexico University’s Child Development Center arrived Monday to discover that the pumpkins they were growing had been stolen over the weekend, the Associated Press reported .
The students had nurtured these pumpkins for months. Months! Do you know how long a month is to a preschooler? It’s forever.
It all began last year, when students placed their Halloween pumpkins outside. Those pumpkins went to the great pumpkin patch in the sky. But they left behind seeds, and this summer, new plants were discovered growing in the garden, NBC affiliate KOB reported .
The young students looked after the pumpkins from the time they were wee little sprouts, putting in the hard work of watering them and weeding the area where they were growing, according to the Associated Press.
“We studied the bloom, we studied the tendrils and the leaves,” teacher Lara Vaughan told KOB. “We saw the pumpkins grow larger, and larger, and larger and here we have these great fabulous pumpkins, and they just begin to turn orange.”
Then, boom. Four pumpkins, gone, and the vines destroyed, according to the Clovis News Journal .
The theft came a week after a group of Maine fifth-graders discovered the 100 onions they had grown were stolen . Those onions were supposed to go to a homeless shelter and school kitchen.
It’s unclear if the pumpkin theft was the work of a lone person or a band of thieves — but if found, the person or people responsible for the theft will be charged with criminal damage to property, the university’s police chief, Bradley Mauldi, told the News Journal. He added that surveillance video shows the crime took place sometime between Saturday night and Sunday morning.
The students “were really excited about having full-grown pumpkins, but now that chance is gone,” the school’s program director, Elaine Gard, told the News Journal.
Tearing up a bit yet? No?
“Someone stealed our pumpkins, by not saying, ‘Can I have them?’” student Bryn Privett said, according to the university’s media relations department . “It makes me sad.”
Excuse me, I’ve got something in my eye.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post. She can be reached at elahe.izadi@washpost.com and on Twitter @ ElaheIzadi .
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410462294/1410462294000/1410462294 tracking: {authors=Elahe Izadi, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=a-preschool-pumpkin-patch-was-raided-so-begins-the-war-on-autumn, post_id=11479, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 7:04:54 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 7:04:54 PM

German cabbies carry out Uber stingSeptember 11, 2014 7:12 pm
German cabbies launch sting to serve injunction on Uber driver
By Jeevan Vasagar in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ba9e0b04-39c8-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Body of photojournalist  missing for days  found inSrinagarPrint
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | Srinagar | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:03 am
For newsmen in Kashmir, Thursday was especially distressing. The body of  senior  photojournalist Shafat Sidiq was recovered from beneath an overturned autorickshaw in Batamaloo and two cameras were hanging around his neck.
Shafat’s colleagues told The Indian Express that while shooting the rising waters from a flyover he slipped and drowned. The mishap in early hours of the flood had been seen by the police, but Shafat’s family or colleagues didn’t know about it. “The police men who saw him drowning had thought he was someone else. Shafat had been missing, but nobody suspected him dead. We thought he may be stuck somewhere like lots of other people. We thought the break down of all communication has made his family anxious about him and he will return soon,” said his colleague.
Shafat’s body has already been handed over to his family. Tragically, his colleagues here couldn’t even know whether he has been buried or not. “There is no way to even mourn a colleague’s tragic death while doing his job,’’a co-worker said.  Shafat was working with Dainik Jagran and SIPA press.
In his late 30’s, Shafat was married and had children.
The body of another man was also recovered from Batmaloo neighbourhood on Friday. He had died while rescuing migrant labourers from a house in the neighbourhood on Monday. He had rescued the migrant labourers, but the house collapsed before he could escape.

5 Reasons the SEC s Executive-Pay Rules Matter -- And 5 Ways to Use Themreddit
Two little-known rules on corporate reporting of executive pay are currently being reviewed by the Securities and Exchange Commission. While they have received almost no press coverage, these rules could have far-reaching consequences for our nation's economy and the future of the middle class.
The Dodd Frank law requires corporations to disclose the difference between the pay received by their CEO and the median income of all other employees, and the SEC is currently finalizing the regulations , which will determine how this reporting is to be done. It has also announced that it will release rules by the end of the year requiring corporations to report on the relationship between senior executive compensation and corporate performance.
While these rules may sound obscure and largely symbolic, here are five reasons they should be receiving wider attention -- followed by five ways this kind of information can be used to improve economic policy:
1. Inequality is reaching crisis levels in our country.
The Census Bureau reports that income inequality between the richest and poorest Americans has reached historic levels. The chief economist at J.P. Morgan Chase reports that "US labor compensation is now at a 50-year low relative to both company sales and US GDP."
More than 46 million Americans live below the poverty line. Millions of Americans who work full-time for highly profitable corporations are nevertheless being forced onto government anti-poverty programs in order to make ends meet.
Income inequality is the highest it's been since 1928 . Wages have fallen for most Americans in real terms over a period of decades, while income has skyrocketed for the top 1 percent, risen even more the top 0.1 percent, and exploded even more for the top 0.01 percent.
No wonder Thomas Piketty's book on wealth inequality was a best-seller.
CEO pay, along with that of other senior executives, is a major contributor to this inequality. We need to know more about this phenomenon: Which companies are overpaying their CEOs? How are they performing in the marketplace? How responsibly are those companies being managed?
2. Productivity gains are going to the top, threatening the middle-class way of life.
In the 30 years after World War II -- the period of our greatest modern growth and prosperity -- wages grew in line with productivity increases. Then that changed, as corporate governance practices and an increasingly conservative political climate led to a severance between output and the earnings of corporate employees.
Executive compensation plays a large role in this rupture between what people earn and the rate at which the overall economy is becoming more productive.
3. Contrary to conservative mythology, CEOs are not "getting paid what they deserve."
There is a right-wing myth that says that CEOs are giants who walk among us. If they receive enormous sums in compensation, says the myth, it's because they are "job creators" who drive the economy for the rest of us.
This is nonsense, born of the addled fictional works of Ayn Rand and her ilk. Sure, there have been CEOs who change the world with their brilliance and drive. But nowadays there is very little relationship between CEO accomplishment and CEO pay. Studies have suggested, in fact, that there may be no relationship between them at all.
CEOs aren't being paid more nowadays because they're better than they once were. They're getting paid more because there is a system of institutionalized corruption which has engulfed corporate board members. Boards of Directors receive generous pay and stock options in return for equally generous treatment of the CEO -- who, like JPMorgan Chase's Jamie Dimon, is often also the Board Chair.
4. CEO pay often gives them the incentive to do harmful things.
What's more, there has been a trend in recent decades toward compensating senior executives with stock gifts, stock options, and other "performance-based bonuses." This has become attractive because it allows companies to take tax breaks for the wildly generous sums they give to their chief executives.
This practice has the unfortunate side effect of encouraging CEOs to emphasize short-term stock performance over the long-term financial security and well-being of the company and its stakeholders -- a group which includes customers and employees, as well as shareholders.
What greed-driven CEO in his or her right mind would invest in a corporation's long-term growth if it minimized next quarter's stock performance, and that meant a few million dollars taken off an end-of-the-year bonus?
CEOs have increasingly behaved like stock manipulators, rather than executives of working companies. If they can pump up a stock's short-term performance by buying and selling smaller companies, flipping real estate properties, and engaging in other highly-leveraged transactions, most executives these days are only too eager to do so.
The result? Rising inequality, stagnating wages, and fewer jobs for employees who have become increasingly less critical to those factors which matter most to a CEO -- the ones that affect his or her own bottom line.
5. These excessive pay packages give CEOs undue political influence.
Perhaps it goes without saying, but grossly overpaid executives are also in a position to exercise undue political influence -- especially in this post-Citizens United economy. (And we wonder why things aren't getting better for the rest of us?)
Information like that which the SEC hopes to obtain will be interesting and informative. But that's not the only reason to collect it. It can also be put to constructive use. For example:
1. Transparency allows consumers to make better choices.
Conservatives are always lecturing us on "the wisdom of the free market." The free market has a right to decide whether it wants to spend its money on a corporation which will give most of it to the CEO and other senior executives while giving very little of it to the people who are building the product or providing the service.
If people are unhappy with a corporation's policy, they can take their business elsewhere.
2. Shareholders should have more responsibility for executive pay decisions.
Voters in Switzerland approved a referendum which gave shareholders a binding say over the compensation given to senior executives and board members. As in the United States, many large shareholders are pension funds, including union pension funds.
Many people are unaware of the fact that shareholders, aside from nominally voting for board members, have very little say in executive compensation. That can mean that pension funds are investing in corporations whose practices are harming the very people they exist to serve. It can also mean that shareholders have no say in management practices which lessen the value of their investments.
This disconnect has also led to abusive practices on Wall Street, where shareholders have paid tens of billions of dollars to settle lawsuits caused by the wrongdoing of bank executives whose pay packages  encouraged them to commit fraud.
It is not yet clear how effective Switzerland's measure has been in changing corporate practices. But shareholder activism, together with worker activism, could make such a move quite effective -- here, and worldwide.
3. Tax policy can be used to minimize abusive pay practices.
The California legislature is once again considering a measure which would increases taxes on corporation whose CEOs make more than 100 times as much as its median employee wage. In the bill's latest version, that revenue would be used to provide tax credits for companies relocating to California. (A considerably stricter measure, rejected by Swiss voters , would have restricted senior executive pay to 12 times that received by junior employees.)
That's one of the practical uses to which data like the SEC's could be put.
Some Democrats in Congress are now proposing to disallow tax deductions of more than $1 million for senior executive pay -- unless the corporation pays its lowest-paid employees $10.10 per hour or more, in which case that ceiling is lifted.
4. This information can help improve government contracting and procurement practices.
The federal government and the states may choose to use this information when soliciting bids for government services. It would be reasonable for elected officials to consider the effect of a corporation's compensation policies on the overall economy when giving out taxpayer dollars for lucrative contracts.
These decisions could be implemented by executive order, much as President Obama has done with recent orders requiring Federal contractors to pay a minimum of $10.10 per hour and observe all appropriate labor laws.
5. It can be also used to stimulate further debate.
Open, informed debate will almost certainly lead to additional creative ways to apply these data -- both to amplify employee purchasing power and to improve government policy.
Other creative ideas might include tax relief for corporations that have appropriate levels of shareholder oversight, or who can demonstrate they have a reasonable ratio of senior executive compensation to average employee pay.
A free and open society runs on information, and these rules on executive compensation can make an important contribution to our nation's economic conversation. They have been under discussion at the SEC for years. It should finalize them, once and for all, at the earliest possible opportunity.
Follow Richard (RJ) Eskow on Twitter: www.twitter.com/rjeskow
More:
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations

Adam Taylor and Rick NoackPresident Obama used examples of operations in those nations as proof of American success. That’s probably not a good sign.
Sep 11, 2014
The U.S. wants to fight terrorists who behead people with the help of a government that still beheads people
Sep 11, 2014
Britain’s history of unity is far more tenuous than many now realize.
Sep 11, 2014
The promise of a new Muslim autonomous region in the Philippines may bring to an end a four-decades-old conflict.
Sep 10, 2014
In the beautiful islands of the Maldives, hard-line Islamism is gaining sway
Sep 10, 2014
The former president attempts to greet Iran’s supreme leader in hospital
Sep 9, 2014
It’s an echo of the chaos gripping the war-ravaged North African nation
Sep 9, 2014
Nigeria’s president has not brought back the girls. But he’s using their hashtag anyway.
Sep 8, 2014
The Himalayan region’s worst floods in more than half a century have prompted a crisis that has fueled a brief thaw in ties between the foes.
Sep 8, 2014
The Islamic State released a threatening video this week directed at the Russian president
Sep 6, 2014
Load More
About
Ishaan Tharoor writes about foreign affairs for The Washington Post. He previously was a senior editor at TIME, based first in Hong Kong and later in New York.
Most Read

Stocks Close Mixed; Health Care Companies SinkPeople are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
Apple

J-K floods: Govt goes missing  victims left on their ownComments
Rescue teams struggled on Thursday to reach thousands of people still marooned in Kashmir a week after the state’s worst flooding in 60 years as anger mounted over what many described as the collapse of the civil administration in Srinagar.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) deployed rescue boats in Rajbagh, one of the worst-affected areas in downtown Srinagar, while residents used makeshift rafts to evacuate people from other submerged areas in the state where about 400,000 people remain stranded after the devastating floods.
The ferocity of the deluge that has left more than 200 people dead appeared to have taken the state administration by surprise.
No local authorities, civil or police, were on the ground in Srinagar as people jostled for boats and those rescued from flooded homes in a dehydrated condition desperately looked for transport, medicines, food and shelter.
"Our ministers were busy evacuating their own people and VIPs in the first few days of the floods and disappeared thereafter. Have you seen Jammu and Kashmir politicians and policemen anywhere?” said Mohammad Hassan Wani, a local resident helping with relief after rescue operations.
“All top officials of the administration trapped in floods were airlifted, so were international tourists from Dal Lake. They had their own priority list."
Read: J-K is the only flood-prone state without a flood warning system
People complained the Omar Abdullah government had failed to warn them about the floods and was not equipped to deal with the natural disaster.
"We used to remove the tin roofs of our house to wave at helicopters to rescue us but they were only airlifting from locations briefed by the state administration," said Mansoor Ahmed, who was rescued on Thursday from the third floor of his Rajbagh house with his wife and 80-year-old mother.
Srinagar residents also complained the government was not doing anything to pump out standing water as fears of disease loomed large.
"We at Rajbagh were at the epicentre of the floods. A government jeep could have covered the area in half an hour if it gave door-to-door warning. The water will not go out of its own. And it is not rocket science for the state engineering department to figure out how to pump it out," said Yusuf Butt.
Read: Amid tragedy, fear of looting grips locals
The death of a seven-year-old after drinking contaminated water raised alarm bells in the area. "We have been given chlorine tablets, saying one is enough for 150 litres of water. Where is 150 litres of water to drink? We are buying drinking water bottles. There is no water tanker here," said Javed, a driver.
Officials said water supplies had been partially restored in the Valley and efforts were on to re-establish communication links that were snapped after the floods.
The government has moved thousands of people to makeshift shelters where they are also being provided with food and other basic amenities. The army has deployed about 30,000 troops for rescue and relief operations and soldiers distributed 224,000 litres of water and food to survivors.
In a gesture of solidarity, staff at the prime minister's office gave up one day's salary for flood relief.
Many people praised the army on social media for its efforts but others vented their anger at delays in getting help to survivors.
Basharat Peer, a journalist and author of a book on the Kashmir conflict, who is working as a volunteer in Srinagar, said the response to the disaster had been woeful.
"It is clear case of mismanagement. Why are the basic supplies still not made available?" Peer asked.
"There are thousands of people searching for their families They have no idea whether they are alive or dead. We have no clean drinking water, no medicines and food to feed the children."
(With agency inputs)

NASA s Mars Rover Curiosity Finally at Mount SharpPeople are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
Apple

200 feared dead in JammualonePrint
A team of Army personnel reaches Banpora area of Batamaloo in Srinagar to carry out rescue and relief operations. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Written by Arun Sharma , Tabassum Barnagarwala | Jammu | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:09 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 2:10 am
More than 200 people are feared killed and 20,000 houses damaged in Jammu region alone as incessant rain, flash flood and landslides wreaked havoc in the state over the past few days.
The number is likely to rise as authorities are yet to receive information from remote areas of the region, said Shantmanu, Divisional Commissioner (Jammu), on Thursday.
The death toll includes 67 victims of Nowshera bus accident and 30 victims of Pancheri landslide. Bodies of several of them are yet to be recovered.
According to reports, 2,500 livestock perished in the flood, while over 170 government buildings suffered heavy damages during the calamity.
Pointing that survey of the affected villages and buildings was in progress, he suspected nearly 1,600 villages across Jammu region were directly or indirectly affected by the flood.
With the Army, police and civil administration having rescued over 23,000 people from areas hit by flood and landslides in Jammu region, the rescue work is almost over, he said. “We are now focusing on relief and restoration of damaged infrastructure.’’
Road link to all district headquarters and tehsils has been restored and the internal road links are likely to functional within a week.
 
Doctor stranded in Libya seeks info on wife, kids in Srinagar
TABASSUM BARNAGARWALA
MUMBAI, September 11
DR Jawed Sheikh, 39, has been unsuccessfully trying since Saturday to reach his Russian wife Sheikh Suriya, 37, and sons Aamir, 13, and Shairzad, 11, who lived in the Raj Bagh area of Srinagar.
Sheikh himself is stranded for the past six months in Libya’s strife-torn city of Benghazi, where he went to work in al-Jala hospital. “I have been trying to contact my wife since Saturday but their phone is out of network,” he said.
When he last spoke to Suriya on Friday night, hours before flood ravaged Raj Bagh, she was worried over the rising water level. “Where will we go?” she had told Jawed. He had replied: “Leave all your belongings and take both the kids to safety.”
According to Jawed, Suriya was unwilling to leave and had decided to seek refuge with her sons on the second floor of their two-storeyed house. “The floods came at 4am on Saturday. Since then there has been no contact.”
He added that he tried to contact the Home Ministry, Army helpline numbers and NDRF’s control room. “The numbers are continuously busy,” he added.
The doctor shifted to Libya in February. However, tensions in Libya has forced him to hide in his hostel since the past two months. He as not received a penny of his monthly salary of Rs 1.4 lakh.  “I shifted to earn for my family and now I don’t know where they are. The international airport is destroyed in continued…

Friends of Lucas Museum forms ahead of possible legal challengeFriends of Lucas Museum forms ahead of possible legal challenge
Caption Lucas Cultural Arts Museum collection
Lucas Cultural Arts Museum
Caption Lucas Cultural Arts Museum collection
Lucas Cultural Arts Museum
Caption Lucas Cultural Arts Museum collection
Lucas Cultural Arts Museum
Caption Alice with the White Rabbit
Courtesy of the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art
Alice with the White Rabbit for Alice's Adventures in Wonderland (c.1864) by John Tenniel
Alice with the White Rabbit for Alice's Adventures in Wonderland (c.1864) by John Tenniel (Courtesy of the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art)
Caption Little Red Riding Hood
Courtesy of the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art
Little Red Riding Hood (c.1911) by Jessie Wilcox Smith
Little Red Riding Hood (c.1911) by Jessie Wilcox Smith (Courtesy of the Lucas Museum of Narrative Art)
Laws and Legislation Architecture Museums Lucas Museum of Narrative Art George Lucas Jeanne Gang Richard Lariviere
A group of civic leaders calling themselves "Friends of Lucas Museum" launched today in advance of a potential legal challenge to the art museum's proposed lakefront location and public hearings on the city’s vision for improving the museum campus overall.
Dear Mr. Lucas, ( Melissa Harris )
The group will be lead by Kurt Summers Jr., an executive at investment firm Grosvenor Capital Management, who co-chaired the task force that oversaw the site selection; Susana Vasquez, executive director of the Local Initiative Support Corporation (LISC); and Richard Lariviere, CEO of The Field Museum.
The announcement comes as city and park district officials gear up for public hearings on a broad plan for improving the museum campus.
The hearings will cover transportation improvements, new recreation space, educational programming as well as plans for the museum, which is proposed for public land now being used as parking lots for Soldier Field tailgaters, according to park district spokeswoman Jessica Maxey-Faulkner.

China slaps fines on Volkswagen ChryslerPrint
Reuters | Shanghai | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:48 am
China’s anti-monopoly regulator on Thursday announced its first-ever punishment of foreign carmakers for price-fixing, fining a Chinese venture of Volkswagen AG and the China sales unit of Fiat’s Chrysler a combined $46 million.
The penalties raised the possibility of similar fines being levied against other global players such as Daimler’s Mercedes-Benz and Tata Motor Ltd’s Jaguar Land Rover, which are being probed for possible anti-competitive behaviour.
The price regulator in Hubei province said it would fine the sales unit of Volkswagen’s joint venture FAW-Volkswagen Automobile Co Ltd 249 million yuan ($40.6 mn) for fixing Audi prices.
Chrysler’s China sales unit will be fined 32 million yuan for operating a price monopoly, anti-trust regulator the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) NDRC Shanghai branch said.
Separately, three Chrysler dealers in Shanghai and eight Audi dealers in Hubei would also be fined.
While many industries in China have come under the spotlight as the authorities intensify efforts to bring companies into compliance with an anti-monopoly law enacted in 2008, the auto sector has been under particular scrutiny amid accusations by state media that global car makers are overcharging consumers.

On Tangier  a Disappearing IslandThis article originally appeared in Business Insider .
If you stand at the end of the dock in Crisfield, Maryland, and gaze out over the water, you might not catch the tiny shape of a water tower barely visible on the horizon. And when you look at a map you can just as easily miss the tiny island that the tower sits on, 12 miles from either coast in the middle of the Chesapeake Bay. Largely unknown, Tangier Island, Virginia, is one of the most isolated and extraordinary places in the continental U.S.
Advertisement
It’s also in danger of disappearing. In 50 to 100 years, the water tower in the center of town may be all that’s left of the place.
Many of us have heard about far-off islands, like the Maldives or Kiribati , which are slowly sinking into the ocean because of erosion and rising sea levels. Far fewer know of Tangier, an island right here in the U.S. that's currently only 4 feet or so above sea level at its highest point and that may soon suffer the same fate.
An Island Apart
Christian Storm/Business Insider
"Tangier’s laid back," says Ricky Laird, the man who became my surrogate tour guide on a recent visit to the island. "It's a nice place and everything's reasonable here," he says as he paints a newly purchased dingy in the yard of his house.
Laird, 44, was born on Tangier, and, after a stint on a farm in Appalachia, he moved back.
“I don’t care who the president is—I don’t even know who the governor or senator of Virginia is,” Laird says. The isolation of the island, an hour-and-a-half ferry ride from the coast, and largely closed off from the rest of the world, makes it unique. Some islanders go years without seeing the mainland, getting the supplies from the trusty mail boat that arrives in the harbor every day, rain or shine.
The men on the island, virtually all of whom work as commercial crabbers and oyster fishermen, or “watermen,” pack their catch on a separate boat that makes daily trips to the mainland, further reducing the need to leave.
Just 1.2 square miles in all, Tangier Island is home to more than 500 full-time residents whose families have known one another for decades. “You don't have to worry about traffic jams and murders, child molesters, rapist, and thieves," Laird says. "You can leave your doors open. You don’t have to lock anything.
Google Maps/Christian Storm/Business Insider
Although he knows pretty much everyone, he doesn’t share one of the island's prevalent last names, which include Parks (93 residents had that name in 2009), Pruitt (75), and Crockett (65). Many of these names can be seen on tombstones in the front lawns of the homes on Tangier, placed there out of necessity because of the island's low elevation and lack of space.
Laird speaks in a thick accent native to the island, equal parts Southern twang and English brogue. The traces of Elizabethan English still present in the accent may have been influenced by working-class Brits who came to the island early in its settling. Vowels are extended to multiple syllables, making certain words hard to understand to outsiders.
I was confused when Ricky referred to what I heard as “terrorists” visiting the island. I soon realized he was referencing the “tourists” who flock there every summer.  Europeans, led by Captain John Smith, explored Tangier Island in 1608, though it had been a summer camping spot for the Pocomoke Indians long before that. Legend has it that John Crockett, still a common surname on this island, was the first to inhabit Tangier full-time when he and his eight sons arrived in 1686.
In the 19th century, Tangier became home to annual Methodist tent meetings, and the island has been a stronghold of religion ever since. The island shuts down every Sunday morning, and once denied Hollywood filmmakers permission to shoot the PG-13 Kevin Costner movie “Message in a Bottle” there because of the script’s mentions of swearing, sex, and drinking.
Tangier is dry, with booze unavailable for purchase. But don’t let that fool you. “Everybody drinks, but they do it inside the house,” a man we’ll call Mike tells me as he passes a Sprite bottle filled with vodka from the cup holder of his golf cart, the preferred mode of travel on the island (there are few cars).
Still, while minor transgressions occur behind closed doors, the religious ethos prevails, causing many young people to feel stifled. “When I was a teenager, there was a pool hall, but you had to be 16," Mike says. "Otherwise, they're ain't shit to go on for teenagers. When they graduate, that's why they want to move off.”
Christian Storm/Business Insider
After walking the island and reading the historical signs in the streets, one gets the sense that the heyday of Tangier, once home to movie theaters, factories, stores, and an opera house, is long past.  The population has declined from about 1,500 at one point to a third of that today, and the total drops every year.
One of the main reasons for that may be that the island itself is disappearing.
Losing Land And Time
Records indicate that in the mid-1800s, Tangier Island encompassed some 2,062 acres. It was home to watermelon farms, grazing cows, and a variety of plant life. In 1997, the total land mass amounted to just 768 acres, of which just 83 acres are habitable. Today, the island is even smaller.
While Tangier Island has been slowly losing ground to erosion for hundreds of years, the combination of rising sea levels and more devastating weather—both spurred by global warming—have greatly increased the rate of land loss. Until around 1900, sea levels in the Chesapeake Bay rose at an average of three feet per thousand years, geologists calculate. However, the rate greatly increased in the 100 years that followed,  seeing levels already increase by one foot and growing. Research shows that Tangier is now losing nine acres of land a year to erosion and rising tides.
“It’ll be gone. If we don’t get a seawall—that’s been in the process for years—it’s just gonna wash away,” Mike tells me when I ask what the island will be like in 50 years. The proposed seawall, a long rock barricade that would run the length of the eastern shore of the island, is expected to be completed in 2017. A similar seawall to the west was completed in 1990 and now protects that shore, which had previously seen houses falling into the sea.
One of the most striking signs of the rapidly disappearing island is the Uppards, a beautiful area on Tangier's north end, where multiple families once lived year-round. Today, the Uppards has almost completely succumbed to the rising water levels, turning into a marshy, swampy wetland with major portions of fully submerged. 
I ask Ricky Laird to take me to the area on his skiff, now the only way to reach it. He tells me how he used to play with his friends in the Uppards and hunt ducks with his father. Now the only sign that humans ever lived there is a solitary mobile trailer on the beach, seemingly minutes from being taken completely by the surf.
Laird doesn’t seem worried, though. “The island ain’t goin’ nowhere. They talk about erosion, but it’s been here forever and it ain’t gone nowhere in forever,” he says.
But as I walk around the island on my second day and see front yards turned into shallow ponds as high tides come in, I'm not as confident. And neither are most scientists.
Christian Storm/Business Insider
"We have a pretty high degree of certainty that things are going to get wetter and wetter," Carlton J. Hershner Jr., a climate-change scientist at the Virginia Institute of Marine Science, recently told the AP . "Not to be a bearer of bad news for Tangier, but that would suggest that sometime in the next 50 to 100 years the island would basically be underwater."
Tangier's physical fate may not be the most pressing problem on the island today, however. The more urgent question on the minds of residents seems to be whether anyone will still want to live there in the future, even if the island does survive the next 100 years.
A Different Kind Of Disappearance
“I’d like to be able to do this for the rest of my life," Laird's son, Nick, declares over egg sandwiches in his family's kitchen. "It’s kind of scary to think you might not be able to.” Nick, 24, has decided to follow in his father’s footsteps and become a waterman. Years ago, this career path was the norm for boys on the island. Nowadays, Nick is in the minority.
"I think the work part deters a lot of people," Nick says. "I don't want to say they're lazy, but there's not much else here to offer young people." Kids are leaving Tangier in droves, some for college, others for the military or elsewhere. Many will never return to the island full-time.
“A lot of kids nowadays, it just doesn’t appeal to them. They see mainstream culture, and they say ‘Hey, I think I’d like to move off, get a car, get a house, go to the mall," Nick says.
It certainly doesn’t help that being a waterman is becoming increasingly difficult. For the past 15 years, in an effort to prevent overfishing, Virginia has placed a moratorium on any new crabbing licenses. And other restrictions have greatly reduced the length of fishing seasons. 
Christian Storm/Business Insider
With more and more young people moving off the island every year, Tangier Island truly is entering a twilight stage. Nick guesses that about half the island is at or above the age of 60. On an island this small, it’s hard to find a partner and, increasingly, young folks move away for romance as well. “Some people that are married here today, they’ve been together since the seventh grade. But if you don’t get someone in the seventh or eighth grade, you’re in trouble,” Ricky says, adding that the fourth-grade class at the island's only school has one lone boy.
The once prosperous town now looks a bit beat down and lonely, too. Houses sit abandoned and dilapidated. Ricky tells me that I could buy a house and land on the island for about $7 to $10,000, a steal in any other island community. It sounds tempting until you remember that such an investment might well end up being the equivalent to throwing money in the ocean.
Christian Storm/Business Insider
Before I leave the island, I stop a boy working to clear water out of his fiberglass dingy. I ask him what he plans to do when he gets older. "They say in about 100 years, this island’s gonna be disappeared, but I'm not going to college. I'm gonna work on the water here," he says. "I'm not gonna be living in another 100 years, either." 
Christian Storm

Global brain project Viv developed with Chicago s...1
For the expertise needed to create something that technologically ambitious and advanced, which he says is still a way from being truly operative, it's still necessary to draw heavily on the resources of Silicon Valley, long the reservoir for a steady flow of engineers from Stanford University and other top schools.
But Kittlaus, who calls suburban Chicago his home, hopes this won't always be the case. And toward that goal of making this city more of a magnet for top talent, he is a big supporter of Chicago-based UI Labs, an effort affiliated with the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign that seeks to turn academic research into the kind of lucrative ventures that create jobs.
If Viv can improve itself and its capabilities from everything it touches, perhaps Chicago's supporting role in Viv will help midwife its nascent tech scene.
"This project reflects the reality of the Chicago tech scene as it relates to big, hard technology problems," Kittlaus said. "I have these ideas, and there are plenty of people here who can help me turn those ideas into concepts, but when it comes time to actually build this thing, I don't see that pool yet.
"It's important," he said, "that Chicago become a tech center in and of itself and not just an idea place."
Viv, which rhymes with give, gets its name from the Latin root for life.
"It enlivens inanimate objects and services," Kittlaus said, going into Viv sales mode. "It brings them to life. … Imagine this thing as a service in the sky that anyone can teach, anyone can add to or plug into. That's the difference. It's open. It's not a closed thing where only Apple engineers can decide what's going to go into Siri. Anybody can."
Viv's V symbol with a horizontal bar over it is meant to denote something that you can talk to that will know you, according to Kittlaus, who got design and branding help on it from Wicker Park studio Someoddpilot.
Chris Eichenseer, of Someoddpilot, which has worked with Pitchfork, Second City and Chicago Public Media, recalls that Kittlaus reached out on the secret project about a year ago with the name and a general idea of what he wanted from the icon he hopes someday will be as ubiquitous as those for Bluetooth and Wi-Fi.
"Dag wanted to get this done ahead of time because, as secretive as this project was going to be, he knew word could get out at any point and it would be smart to craft out what it looked like and what the name was so that when that day came, things could be lined up," said Eichenseer, who put together a small team to work on it. "He told us we were the seventh, eighth and ninth people in the world to know what they were doing."
The V can be read as both open to what's out in the world and as a funnel back. Kittlaus referred to the floating bar as a halo that travels with its users. When Viv is spelled out in the selected typeface, it almost resembles an open road.
"We did 20 or 30 different iterations of what this could look like," Eichenseer said. "In the end, we chose something more stationary and visionary. Looking at the V, it shines outward and has that trajectory upward and it just fit with everything else that's going on."
For many of the Chicagoans enlisted to help, there was an almost Manhattan Project-level secrecy in that, according to Kittlaus, they didn't know exactly what he planned to do with the information being gleaned.
Through Chicago entrepreneurial hub 1871 and local venture capitalist Stuart Larkins, Kittlaus was introduced to Matt Maloney and Steve Sanger of GrubHub, the online food-ordering company, and Justin Massa of Food Genius, which specializes in food service industry data and insights. Each local firm allowed Viv Labs access to its application programming interface, enabling Kittlaus' team to run its early tests.
Kittlaus likes to look to a five-year horizon and anticipate what technology will be able to do and what will be asked of it. As the California-based Viv team of top minds coalesced — Kittlaus is the nonengineer in the group — its vision for Viv took hold.
As it stands, there's a business plan, a belief that Viv's usefulness will erode privacy concerns, confidence that what they're building will do what they need it to do and thinking that any other rival artificial intelligence effort in Silicon Valley lags behind theirs.
Neither they nor Viv will pretend to know the future. It's their effort to carve out a niche in the future they anticipate that's important. Chicago would be wise to do the same.
"Chicago can stick with what it knows, but even if it wants to do that, think four generations ahead. If you want to be a manufacturing company, great, or in retail, fine, but be cutting edge," Kittlaus said. "Don't just do the brick-and-mortar stuff a little better. Brick and mortar might disappear in the time frame we're talking about."

Panel on Insurance Bill to hold moreconsultationsPrint
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:50 am
The Select Committee of the Rajya Sabha on the Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill is set to meet for the second time on Friday and will hear representations from the finance ministry and general insurance companies.
According to sources, the panel has called top finance ministry officials including finance secretary Arvind Mayaram and financial services secretary GS Sandhu to give their comments on the Bill that seeks to hike the foreign investment limit in the insurance sector to 49 per cent.
The General Insurance Council (GIC), comprising private sector players and state-owned general insurers, as well as heads of the four public sector general insurers are also slated to attend the meeting. “We will be holding meetings on weekly basis. After this, we will call for views from the insurance regulator IRDA, life insurance companies as well as other stakeholders,” said a member of the panel.
Earlier this week, the committee had also called for public comments on the Bill, the deadline for which is September 20. The first meeting of the panel was held in New Delhi on September 4 and further meetings are slated for September 19 and 26.
The Select Committee is expected to submit its report to the Parliament during the Winter Session. It is chaired by BJP MP Chandan Mitra and comprises 15 members.

Abbott plans $3 billion share buybackAbbott plans $3 billion share buyback
Abbott Labs
Stacey Wescott / Chicago Tribune
Exterior of the Abbott Lab's North Chicago campus in North Chicago in 2011.
Exterior of the Abbott Lab's North Chicago campus in North Chicago in 2011. (Stacey Wescott / Chicago Tribune)
By Peter Frost contact the reporter
Abbott Laboratories on Thursday authorized a $3 billion share buyback plan aimed at boosting returns for shareholders.
The Lake County based health care company, which in the past has been aggressive in repurchasing its own stock, said the amount comes in addition to $511 million that remains unused from a program announced in June 2013.
Abbott also declared a quarterly dividend of 22 cents per share payable Nov. 15 to shareholders of record as of Oct. 15.

Had Manmohan put foot down  history would have been different:RaiDisclosing the exchange of letters between Singh and Raja, he writes that the former PM gave “template responses” on an issue that “shook the government and the country”. (Source: PTI)
Written by Ritu Sarin | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:51 am
“Had the Prime Minister (Manmohan Singh) insisted on transparency, the course of political history of this country would have been different… Had he stood steadfastly by his beliefs, the fate of the Indian economy would have been very different.’’
THESE are some of the scathing observations made by former Comptroller and Auditor General Vinod Rai in his yet-to-be released book, Not Just an Accountant — a critique of the government that appointed him as well as a spirited defence of the office and role of the CAG.
Citing some confidential correspondence, he has listed how, in case study after case study — whether it is the 2G case, Commonwealth Games, allocation of coal blocks or the functioning of Air India — “motivated decisions” and “cronies emerging out of the turf” are to blame.
According to Rai, a scrutiny of government files revealed that in the 2G and coal blocks cases, Singh chose to look the other way even after being cautioned. Referring to the 2G case, he writes, “You (Singh) engaged in a routine and distanced handling of the entire allocation process, inspite of the fact that the then Communications Minister, A Raja, had indicated to you in writing the action he proposed to take.”
Disclosing the exchange of letters between Singh and Raja, he writes that the former PM gave “template responses” on an issue that “shook the government and the country”. Criticising Singh, he writes, “How can the office of the Prime Minister distance itself from such major decisions… arm’s length from the action of his own government…”
Rai, who has sub-titled his book as “The Diary of the Nation’s Conscience Keeper”, says the 2G allocation was the first in a series of “misguided actions of a government that seemed to have forgotten its oath to preserve and protect the interests of the nation.” He writes that his relations with the UPA government came under strain after the CAG’s report in the 2G case.
He says the story of the country’s auditor is a “story worth narrating” since “it described the misguided belief that the underlying objective of all action is to remain in power, and keep a coalition secure — the nation and its people be dammed.”
In the CWG case, Rai has criticised the previous UPA government for appointing V K Shunglu as a super auditor — Shunglu later recommended that the CAG be made a multi-member body. “So, added to all the politicians who were happily criticising the CAG, here was a former CAG faulting his two sucessors; an executive-appointed committee taking potshots at a constitutional body. Or was he meant to do so — hit the credibility of the CAG who had, by then, come out with the 2G report?,’’ writes Rai.
In a chapter titled, “Coal that turned into gold’, continued…

Why Fund Managers Are Sad You re Not on VacationPeople are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
Apple

Stop Saying You Want It If You re Not Out There Taking It!reddit
Fact: That dream you dream about all of the time, the really big-ass one that would truly mean the WORLD to you, change your LIFE, mean that each night when you go to sleep you KNOW you are living on purpose?
You could've already done that.
Now before you get all huffy and turn away, know this - I'm not here to smack you down or make you feel bad. I'm here to lift you up, get you motivated, head back in the game, and not only ready to take action but actually freaking TAKING action.
But if we're going to do this, and I mean REALLY do it, then you do have to face facts. Do it quickly, like ripping a Band-Aid!
Imagine if you'd spend even 30 minutes a day, six days a week, over the past year, consistently, no excuses, no matter how tired or stressed or busy you were and even if you didn't know HOW... working on that dream.
Imagine if you based your actions on what you wanted to create in your life rather than on your day-to-day levels of motivation or energy...
Imagine if you knew how to prioritize what REALLY mattered to you... if you actually KNEW what really mattered in the first place...
Imagine if you had MORE THAN ENOUGH TIME for everything that was truly important...
Imagine if you had a HABIT of creating success, one foot in front of the other, step by step just doing what it takes, rather than stopping to questioning if the timing was right, or you could afford to, or there wasn't something else more pressing you had to do right now...
Imagine if you NEVER again had to try and beat the devil that is procrastination...
If overwhelm became a thing of the past because you were so damn sure of what you're here to do and how to do it...
If every step you took to create your dream business and life was aligned, deliberate, and actually MOVED YOU FORWARD...
The truth is that any of us can make our dreams come true, yes even the really big freaking scary ones.
When all is said and done there is very little difference between you setting a tiny meek "is this ok?" sort of dream versus a big-ass, terrifying "I can't believe she's going for that!" sort of dream.
Either way, you gotta overcome fear, self-doubt, uncertainty, and God knows what else that pops up along the way. Either way, you gotta keep on keeping on even when you don't know how, don't feel like it, or truly believe you CAN'T. Either way, you can decide right now that this is HAPPENING for you, or you can keep it on the back shelf of your mind as a maybe.
But here is the other truth you HAVE to face up to:
Just because you CAN achieve anything you set out to do does not mean you WILL. One of the toughest lessons I've learned in my own life, and I see it all the time with amazing women who basically just kill their own dreams, is that just because something is your 'destiny' or 'what you were born for,' does NOT mean it's going to happen.
If you WANT it you need to go out and TAKE it.
It is MORE than possible for you to allow your entire life to pass you by and you don't actually make that sh*t come true. Just look around you - you think all those people living a life of quiet desperation didn't dream of something more? What makes you think that YOU are so damn special that it's just going to HAPPEN for you, magically, because it 'should'?
It's not.
It is very, very possible - and to be honest, for 90 percent of people reading this it is my PREDICTION - that you never achieve your big dreams.
You never write the book.
You never take off for a year of travel.
You never give that crazy idea a go.
You never walk out of that job, business, relationship that is so wrong for you.
You never walk out of that LIFE that is so wrong for you.
And you never go and do what it damn well TAKES to create a life so right for you.
Harsh?
You can bet your ass I'll be harsh on you about this stuff.
This is your LIFE. This is your ONE SHOT. So what the FUCK do you think you're doing not living all out.
A few years ago, one of my good friends, one of the fittest and most energized guys I knew, a real down-to-earth, just genuinely great guy, started complaining of headaches while running.
He'd just proposed to his girlfriend on a beautiful cruise from Hawaii.
"Maybe you've got a brain tumor!" joked the boys in the gym.
He did.
Within 12 months, he was dead.
Dreams - gone.
Future - gone.
In those last months, he was able to fulfill some amazing dreams of meeting some of his heroes and he never ONCE complained or asked "why me"? But even the very best attitude and the love of so many people around him didn't change the inevitable.
There is an inevitable end for all of us. And I HOPE that it is decades away. But you don't know that, do you, and you know what? Even if it IS that good enough of a reason to delay on who you SAY you want to be?
And right now, how are you spending your life?
Right now, how often do you find yourself swearing you'll do something once you just get past that next hurdle?
That you'll be the kind of mother you want to be...
The kind of wife...
Spend more time with your loved ones...
Write the damn book...
Start the dream business....
Book the amazing trip you can't afford...
Say to HELL with the normal life and with doing what you SHOULD be doing today and start pressing play on the life - the YOU - you really want and KNOW YOU CAN HAVE.
I'm deadly serious when I say - I don't know how you can live with yourself if you KNOW you could have more but yet you're not out there making it happen.
And please know, that whatever I'm saying to you with what sounds like ANGER is truly love. And whatever I'm saying to you I have first said to ME, 1000 times over, and that's why I feel no hesitation in saying it to you:
Why the FUCK do you think you've got all the time in the world?
Who do you think you ARE, that the world will stop and wait for you?
What child's game do you think you're playing, that it doesn't matter if you delay another day?
It MATTERS.
Life is NOW.
And if you're not pressing play NOW then the odds are you NEVER will. It's just how it goes and you can come up with any damn good reason you like but no matter how good of a reason it is it will never EVER be good enough to be reason for not living your dreams.
So stop fucking around.
Stop listening to the never-ending litany of cant's, wont's, should's, don't know how's.
Stop WAITING.
Start living like you MEAN IT.
Quit the job.
Leave the entire LIFE AS YOU KNOW IT if need be.
Write the book.
Start the business.
Launch the thing.
Don't wait one more MINUTE because this is all you've got. So you damn well better be using it.
Remember: Life is Now. Press Play.
Visit Kat and download a free copy of her latest Amazon best-seller on creating a business and life on your terms at www.katloterzo.com
Follow Kat Loterzo on Twitter: www.twitter.com/katloterzo
More:
Business Mindset Business Success Kat Loterzo Woman Entrepreneur Taking Action Selfish Bitch Female Entrepreneurs Living Your Dreams
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

DMRC contracts: Centre to ask UK for details on AlstombribesPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:51 am
The Centre will be approaching the UK government to get more details about allegations that the British subsidiary of French rail transport equipment maker Alstom paid bribes to the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) to win signalling contracts here.
The urban development ministry will soon request the external affairs ministry to write to the Indian High Commission in London to approach the British Serious Fraud Office (SFO) to get relevant details about the bribe allegations, a ministry official said.
Urban development minister M Venkaiah Naidu has asked urban development secretary Shankar Aggarwal to write to the foreign secretary in pursuit of this matter.
“The minister has ordered an inquiry into the bribery case. Once we get the necessary details from UK, we can set our house in order and fix responsibility. Presently we have sketchy details and that too through media reports,” the official said.
Britain’s SFO has alleged that Alstom paid around $8.5 million in bribes over a six-year period to win transport contracts in India, Poland and Tunisia. Alstom Network UK allegedly paid bribes to win infrastructure orders for Delhi Metro between 2000 and 2006.

Another bites the buck: CEO cuts pay to $1Why this CEO slashed his paycheck - to $1
By: Matt Krantz September 10, 2014 12:31 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Michael Saylor, CEO and founder of MicroStrategy, will earn $1 salary. (H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY)
MicroStrategy (MSTR) , the cloud computing company that once was featured in Super Bowl ads, is trying to grab attention in a new way: Cutting its CEO pay to a buck.
The company, still trying to regain its former stature with investors, said it was slashing the annual base salary of its CEO and founder Michael Saylor from $875,000 to $1. The cut was being made “at the request” of Saylor, the filing said.
The company is also killing its incentive cash bonus set up for Saylor in March 2014. This bonus could have earned Saylor a bonus of up to $8 million for 2014. Saylor owns more than half of the company’s Class B shares. During the late 1999’s dot-com boom, Saylor was one of the young brash CEOs that got lots of attention for being in charge of a company with a soaring stock price.
Shares of the stock have jumped dramatically after the days following the announcement. MicroStrategy shares are trading for $140.20, up nearly 2% from the day before the pay cut. The stock is looking much better over the past year.
Greg McDowell, analyst with JMP Securities, applauded the moves by MicroStrategy to cut the CEO’s pay as the company works to regain its swagger. “We believe this is a significant positive change and shows a level of seriousness on the part of the company to not only control expenses but to drive stock appreciation,” McDowell wrote in a note to clients. Saylor earned $4.8 million bonus in 2013, he says.
MicroStrategy is the latest company to pay its CEO $1. Whole Foods’ co-CEO John Mackey was paid $1 in 2013 — and he gave up future stock awards. There were four companies in the Standard & Poor’s 500 (which MicroStrategy is not a member of) that paid their CEOs less than $1 million, in total including stock awards, in 2013.

Forget Alibaba! 10 IPOs that doubledForget Alibaba! 10 IPOs doubled your money
By: Matt Krantz September 11, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
(Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY)
Investors are gearing up for the biggest-ever initial public offering of Alibaba. But there’s no reason to wait around to get some massive gains from new stock.
So far this year, there have been 10 initial public offerings, including video-camera maker GoPro (GPRO) , restaurant chain El Pollo Loco (LOCO) and online car seller TrueCar (TRUE) , that have shot up 100% or more from their offering prices, according to IPOScoop.com.
These stellar performances highlight just how robust the IPO market has been this year. The IPO market reflects sentiment about the broad market, so with the Standard & Poor’s 500 flying to near highs, IPOs are benefiting royally. And if the sentiment remains high, that bodes well for the record-breaking IPO of Alibaba, expected over the next week or so.
And it’s not just a few high-flying IPOs that are busting higher. The Renaissance IPO ETF, which holds shares in recent offerings, is up nearly 8% over the past three months, blowing away the 2.3% gain of the S&P 500 during that same time.
Source: MSN Money
Much of the strong performance is due to the IPOs that have doubled, many of which coming public over the past three months. These powerful recent gainers are helping the IPO market overcome its earlier stumbles and top the broad market this year. The Renaissance IPO ETF is up 8.7% this year, edging past the 8% gain of the S&P 500.
Source: MSN Money
The year’s biggest IPO winner so far has been GoPro. The company has jumped 185% from the offering price of $24, closing at $68.47 on Wednesday. Investors have been thrilled by the camera maker’s financial performance since coming public on June 26. Most recently, the company topped June earnings expectations by 14%.
Coming in fourth place is citrus-grilled chicken chain El Pollo Loco. Shares have gone crazy, gaining 142% from their offering price of $15 a share back in late July. The company missed earnings expectations for the June quarter by 6%, but investors were willing to ignore that since revenue beat views by about 1%. The offering was attractively priced at the start, giving investors plenty of upside potential.
But while these IPOs have been runaway winners, that doesn’t mean that they are  screaming buys now. Both GoPro and El Pollo Loco have average analysts rates of “hold.” And on Wall Street, hold means sell. These stocks have run up — turning into magic for investors — but hopefully the gains won’t evaporate as fast as you can say Alibaba.
Below is a table of the 10 IPOs that have started trading this year that have gained 100% or more from their offering prices:
*

As CBIs Saradha net closes in on her party  Mamata flexes her cadremuscleLaw Minister Chandrima Bhattacharya (2nd from left) at the protest outside CBI office in Kolkata, on Thursday.
Written by Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:56 am
On Thursday, the law minister of West Bengal squatted with placards outside the CBI’s office in Kolkata, carrying out a dharna against the “process of investigation” in the Saradha chit fund scam.
The spectacle underlined rising desperation in the Trinamool Congress leadership as the CBI and Enforcement Directorate (ED) circle increasingly closer — over the past three months, investigators have called in for questioning as many as five party MPs, one state minister, and several other leaders.
A suspended Trinamool leader and a retired chief of the state police have been arrested. While the first — Kunal Ghosh — has demanded that Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee be questioned as well, the ex-DGP, Rajat Majumdar — who is now a Trinamool vice-president — had a meltdown in court on Thursday, shouting that the CBI would not be able to force him to implicate either Mamata or her close aide Mukul Roy in the case.
Majumdar, whom the CBI has accused of being a “conspirator”, was arrested on Tuesday. On Wednesday, CBI questioned Rajya Sabha MP Srinjoy Bose, editor of the Bengali newspaper Sangbad Pratidin, for several hours.
Significantly, two senior TMC leaders, Lok Sabha MP Sudip Bandyopadhyay and state minister Partha Chatterjee, have disowned Majumdar after his arrest, saying he was not even a member of the party.
Kunal Ghosh, who is a TMC Rajya Sabha MP and was at one time considered close to Mamata, was suspended indefinitely in September 2013, about two months before he was arrested in the Saradha case.
West Bengal Law Minister Chandrima Bhattacharya, who is also the president of the TMC women’s wing, said on Thursday that the party was “not against the investigation” and had “full respect for the Supreme Court”, which had ordered the CBI in earlier this year.
But, Bhattacharya said, “The CBI is being used by the Narendra Modi government to malign our Chief Minister.” On Wednesday, her ministerial colleague Chatterjee had described the CBI investigation as “politically motivated”, and alleged that Trinamool leaders were being summoned to the CBI office “to influence the assembly byelection results”.
Late in the evening, after he was allowed to leave, Srinjoy Bose had said, “CBI called me to clarify certain deals I had with Sudipta Sen’s Saradha company about providing editorial support and expertise for the televison channel Sen had bought.
“Earlier, the SFIO (Serious Fraud Investigation Office) and ED had called me. I have explained everything to the CBI.” Bose was at one time the employer of Kunal Ghosh, who headed the media arm of the Saradha group.
Sources close to the investigation said a Rs 20-crore deal between Bose’s media house and the Saradha group was under probe, along with unexplained flows of funds from Saradha to Bose’s company.
In his first letter to the CBI, written before he continued…

Slain Mountain Lion Faces Tests for Link to AttackPeople are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
Apple

ICICI Bank offers  Cardless Cash Withdrawal  at ATMsUpdated: September 10, 2014 20:35 IST
ICICI Bank offers 'Cardless Cash Withdrawal' at ATMs
PTI
banking
ICICI Bank on Wednesday launched a facility under which an account holder with it can transfer money to a mobile phone user in the country even without the latter having an account with any bank.
A customer having a savings account with the country’s largest private lender can initiate a fund transfer using online banking by giving only the mobile number and address of the beneficiary, ICICI Bank said in a statement in Mumbai.
For availing of funds under the ‘Cardless Cash Withdrawal’ scheme, the beneficiary need not have an account with any bank, it said.
A secure six-digit code gets sent to the mobile number of the beneficiary, who can withdraw the amount from any of the bank’s 10,000 ATMs, using that number, it said. The money has to be withdrawn within two days of the transfer.
“We foresee tremendous growth potential in the usage of electronic payments. This innovative service will further empower our customers as well as their families and friends by giving access to instant money even without having a bank account or a debit card,” ICICI Bank Executive Director Rajiv Sabharwal said.

The 3 Rs that could move stocks higherThe 3 R’s that could goose the bull's grades
By: Adam Shell September 11, 2014 6:36 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
With summer over and everyone back to school and work, LPL Financial lays out the 3 R’s that could drive the stock market higher. (Steve Ruark, AP)
School’s back in session. Wall Street’s back to work, too. LPL Financial has outlined the three R’s (no, not reading, ’riting or ’rithmetic) that could propel the bull market to even greater heights.
LPL’s talking about: “Revenues,” as in corporate revenues. “Reinvestment,” as in reinvestment of capital. “Renaissance,” as in manufacturing renaissance.
“These three R’s are all key components in evaluating the opportunity for further stock market gains,” LPL’s chief investment officer Burt White and strategist Jeffrey Buchbinder said in a research note.
The broad U.S. stock market, as measured by the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index, enters today’s trading session up 8% this year. It’s down 0.6% from its Sept. 5 record closing high of 2007.71.
The investment thesis is straightforward. Earnings, they say, are the key driver of stock prices. The recent strong reading on August manufacturing suggests corporate earnings will continue to improve in the second half of 2014. It also suggests “that the current economic cycle is closer to its middle than its end.” Translation: Don’t count on a recession anytime soon.
There are also factors likely to boost the amount U.S. corporations spend on capital expenditures, they say. Non-financial companies are sitting on $1.3 trillion in cash. Using that excess cash to buy back company shares is getting less attractive with stocks trading near record highs. CEO confidence is on the rise. Borrowing costs remain low. There’s also a lot of aging equipment and infrastructure that needs updating.
The third plank of the bullish call is the resurgence in U.S. manufacturing, which is getting a big assist from the domestic energy boom. The shale revolution, for example.
Study session is now over. Now the hypothesis has to come to fruition if the bull is to keep grinding higher and get an A grade from Wall Street.

Restaurants in ChandigarhSubscribe to our burrptastic newsletter
You are now subscribed to our newsletter - thank you!
FOLLOW US ON

BlackBerry buys virtual sim start-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bd05f440-39c5-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India close to breaching WTOs rice subsidy capIndia close to breaching WTO’s rice subsidy cap
Amiti Sen
Tweet
New Delhi, September 11:  
India has not yet breached subsidy limits for food procurement at the World Trade Organisation, but is very close to doing so in rice.
Domestic subsidies notified by the country this week at the WTO shows that in rice, annual procurement subsidies were to the tune of $2.28 billion, which is 7 per cent of the value of rice production, a Government official told BusinessLine.
The WTO permits agriculture subsidies not higher than 10 per cent of the total production of a particular commodity. The subsidies have been notified up to 2010-11.
“We don’t have enough elbow room left for rice. This explains the importance that India attaches in getting a permanent solution on the issue of food security at the WTO,” Abhijit Das from the Centre of WTO Studies said.
WTO members can challenge procurement subsidies given by India under the present rules if they breach the given limits. If found guilty, sanctions can be imposed by other member nations.
In wheat, though, the notified subsidies for food procurement are negative as the procurement prices are lower than the external reference price against which subsidies are calculated. India has also notified procurement subsidies for coarse grains and cotton, which is negligible.
“This was a long-pending commitment that we had promised we would fulfil. Now that we have done so, one can see that we have not breached subsidy limits yet. But, we would definitely need to be protected in the future and hope the WTO acts soon,” the official said.
New Delhi also notified about $57 billion worth of farm subsidies that are permitted by the WTO and are not subject to caps.
India has refused to support a pact on trade facilitation at the WTO, which is being pushed by several developed countries, without a simultaneous pact on a ‘permanent solution’ to its problem related to procurement subsidies. India’s procurement programme, under which the Centre pays a Minimum Support Price (MSP) to procure certain food grains such as rice and wheat, is considered trade distortive by the multilateral organisation.
New Delhi wants the WTO to consider all subsidies given for procuring food from the poor as non-trade distorting subsidies not subjected to caps. Alternatively, it could make the reference price for calculating such subsidies more realistic by pegging it to recent years.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Men s Wearhouse and Vail Are Big Market MoversPeople are still buzzing about the new Apple Watch and the iPhone 6, which were announced at an event on Tuesday....
Apple

Talks can resume if Pak respondsproperlyPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:35 am
Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Thursday said the talks between India and Pakistan can be resumed if the neighbouring country “responds properly”, hours after Pakistan envoy Abdul Basit said that time had come for making a “new beginning” in bilateral ties.
“If Pakistan responds properly, talks can be held,” Singh told reporters in Bhuj in Gujarat. Singh is in Bhuj as part of a two-day tour to border posts to assess the situation along the international border with Pakistan.
The Home minister said India wants to improve its relations with Pakistan. “Neighbour is neighbour. Friends can be changed but neighbours cannot be changed. We also want that our relations with our neighbour improves,” he said.
Singh’s conciliatory remarks come days after his statement on September 2 that “unless Pakistan stops terrorism and violence, no dialogue is possible.” He is scheduled to travel to Kathmandu for the SAARC Home ministers meeting on September 17-18, which is also likely to be attended by Pakistan interior minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan.
The Home Minister’s statement came days after External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said that there are no full stops in diplomacy, but only commas and semi-colons.
Pakistan’s High Commissioner Abdul Basit on Thursday, while inaugurating the lifestyle exhibition at Delhi, said he “could not agree more” with Swaraj’s comment.
“I cannot agree more because in diplomacy, you need to keep the doors ajar… Unfortunately, we have a chequered history of our relations with India; but the time has come that we walk past the narratives of the past and make a new beginning,” Basit said, adding that India was a “very important neighbour”.
Basit said he often tells his Indian friends that when “our two countries come together, sky is the limit”. “We can benefit from each other and if we were to establish a relationship that is based on mutual respect and mutual benefits, there is no way we cannot really perform miracles,” he said.
At the exhibition, jointly organised by FICCI and Trade Development Authority of Pakistan, the Pakistan High Commissioner said the Kashmir floods were a “terrible disaster”.
“I think our two leaders have exchanged letters and let’s hope that authorities on both sides are working to overcome the challenge,” he said.
India had cancelled the Foreign secretary-level talks on August 25, as the Pakistan envoy met Hurriyat leaders before the talks.

RadioShack in talks to avoid bankruptcySeptember 11, 2014 6:06 pm
RadioShack in restructuring talks to avoid bankruptcy
By Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ce12e41a-39ba-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Video appears to show witnesses reacting to Michael Browns deathBy Mark Berman September 11 at 4:16 PM Follow @markberman
A video that appears to capture the aftermath of Michael Brown’s shooting death  in Ferguson, Mo., seems to include a witness saying that the 18-year-old’s hands were raised in the air when he was killed.
This footage, which was released by CNN , shows multiple witnesses gathered and staring at the area where Darren Wilson, a Ferguson police officer, shot and killed Brown , according to the network.
“He had his [expletive deleted] hands in the air,” a man in the video, identified by CNN as a contractor working in the area, appears to shout. The same worker, who declined to be identified, later reiterated to CNN that Brown’s “hands were up” when he was killed.
The video was filmed on a cellphone by an unidentified witness, according to  CNN . A police vehicle with its lights flashing and an officer placing yellow tape around the scene can be seen in the distance.
The Washington Post has not confirmed the veracity of the footage. However, the accounts offered by these witnesses and the reaction audible on the tape would seem to match what other witnesses have said in describing the fatal shooting, which sparked waves of protests and a series of chaotic, tense confrontations between police and protesters  in the St. Louis suburb.
Over the weekend, the St. Louis Post-Dispatch  relayed an account from a worker who said he and a co-worker witnessed the shooting. This worker — who said he had no ties to Ferguson, Brown or Wilson — said he heard a gunshot and saw Brown run away from Wilson’s car. (It is not clear if the person who spoke to the Post-Dispatch is one of the two workers visible in CNN’s video, though the descriptions of where the workers were and what they said suggests that’s possible.)
The worker’s description aligned with  those of other witnesses who said that Wilson chased Brown from the car after the first gunshot. The worker also said Wilson fired a shot at Brown while Brown’s back was turned, after which Brown stumbled, stopped, put his hands up and turned around.
However, his description of Brown’s final movements did not clearly answer what could be a pivotal issue facing the grand jury when considering whether to indict Wilson: the precise nature of Brown’s movements in the last moments of his life. Was Brown was moving toward at Wilson in a threatening manner ( as Wilson told people ), or was he raising his hands in surrender ( as other witnesses said ) before the final shots were fired? This worker could not clearly say:
Then Brown moved, the worker said. “He’s kind of walking back toward the cop.” He said Brown’s hands were still up. Wilson began backing up as he fired, the worker said.
After the third shot, Brown’s hands started going down, and he moved about 25 feet toward Wilson, who kept backing away and firing. The worker said he could not tell from where he watched — about 50 feet away — if Brown’s motion toward Wilson after the shots was “a stumble to the ground” or “OK, I’m going to get you, you’re already shooting me.”
Still, the same worker told the Post-Dispatch that the 18-year-old was not charging at Wilson, as some reports have claimed. “I don’t know if he was going after him or if he was falling down to die,” the worker said . “It wasn’t a bull rush.”
A grand jury is hearing evidence relating to the shooting. Wilson could face charges of murder or manslaughter  – or no charges at all. The law gives police officers a lot of leeway when it comes to the split-second decisions regarding whether they need to kill to save their lives.
Legal experts have said that it’s unlikely Wilson will be charged with first- or second-degree murder, but have said that he could be charged with manslaughter if the grand jury determines that his judgment was flawed or negligent.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He anchors Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410466578/1410466578000/1410466578 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=video-appears-to-show-witnesses-reacting-to-michael-browns-death, post_id=11493, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 8:16:18 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 8:16:18 PM

Behind KCRs media remarks: 2 channels that insulted TelanganagovtPrint
Express News Service | Hyderabad | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:37 am
Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao’s warning to “bury” media groups that insult or disrespect the people of his state has put him at loggerheads with the media. However the context of his remarks is reportedly with regard to only two Telugu channels — TV9 and Andhra Jyothi’s ABN — both of which have been blocked in the state.
K C R’s remarks were allegedly made after journalists of the two channels staged protests outside his Begumpet and New Delhi residences. Two days ago the protesters had even tried to block his convoy in Warangal. The journalists were demanding that Telangana government lift the “unofficial” ban
TV9 was reportedly blocked as it aired a satire on the newly-elected TRS legislators after two of them fumbled while taking their oaths in the Telangana Assembly in June. The show insinuated that the legislators were illiterate, and awe-struck by the swearing-in ceremony. The show had sparked protests from TRS leaders and Telangana activists.
ABN, meanwhile, has been critical of the TRS government ever since its swearing-in on June 2. However, K C R was irked by a report that the Telangana government may be planning to put higher taxes on goods being transported from Andhra to Telangana.
TV9 had apologised after airing their show and had even run an apology as a scroll for several days, but the CM moved a resolution in Assembly seeking stringent action against the channels for insulting the people of Telangana. However, while no formal order of action or punishment was issued by the government, on June 16 the Multiple-System Operators (MSOs) blocked the channels.
“We did not ask or pressure them to do so; they blocked those two channels on their own because nobody wants to watch them ,’’ IT Minister and K C R’s son K T Rama Rao said at a recent media briefing.

10 Arab states commit to  share  fight again...10 Arab states commit to 'share' US-led fight against IS
By AFP | 11 Sep, 2014, 10.55PM IST
0
Share More
In addition to Saudi Arabia, the other Arab states are Bahrain, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
JEDDAH, SAUDI ARABIA: Ten Arab states, including heavyweight Saudi Arabia , agreed Thursday in Jeddah to rally behind Washington in the fight against Islamic State jihadists, as it seeks to build an international coalition.
"The participating states agreed to do their share in the comprehensive fight" against IS, said a statement at the conclusion of a meeting between US Secretary of State John Kerry and his Arab counterparts.
In addition to Saudi Arabia, the other Arab states are Bahrain, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar and the United Arab Emirates .
Although Turkey was represented in the meeting, it was not mentioned in the final communique and a Turkish government official said Ankara has refused to take part in combat against the militants.
Kerry is to fly on Friday to Ankara for urgent talks with officials in Washington's key ally.
The United States has pressed Arab nations to join a coalition aimed at supporting the US campaign against the jihadists.
In the final statement, the 10 countries and Washington declared their "shared commitment to stand united against the threat posed by all terrorism, including the so-called Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant".
Participation in the fight will include "as appropriate, joining in the many aspects of a coordinated military campaign against ISIL", said the statement.
The fight will include "stopping the flow of foreign fighters through neighbouring countries, countering financing of ISIL and other violent extremists, repudiating their hateful ideology, ending impunity and bringing perpetrators to justice".
It will also include "contributing to humanitarian relief efforts, assisting with the reconstruction and rehabilitation of communities brutalised by ISIL, supporting states that face the most acute ISIL threat".

Syria And Iran Slam U.S. Strategy In Fighting The Islamic StateSyria And Iran Slam U.S. Strategy In Fighting The Islamic State
 | By                                                                ALBERT AJI and ZEINA KARAM
Posted:
Updated:
09/11/2014 10:59 am EDT
U.S. President Barack Obama speaks during a televised address at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., on Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2014. Obama pledged a relentless campaign to destroy Islamic State extremists in Iraq and Syria, with Middle Eastern allies such as Saudi Arabia and Jordan playing crucial supporting roles. Photographer: Saul Loeb/Pool via Bloomberg  | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
DAMASCUS, Syria (AP) — Syrian and Iranian officials criticized the Obama administration on Thursday for excluding them from an international coalition coming together in the battle against the Islamic State group, while a state-run Syrian daily warned that unauthorized U.S. airstrikes on Syria may trigger the "first sparks of fire" in the region.
The strongest reaction, however, came from Russia, Syrian President Bashar Assad's main international ally. A Russian Foreign Ministry statement said such military action without a U.N. Security Council resolution "would be an act of aggression and flagrant violation of international law."
Syria's main Western-backed opposition group, meanwhile, welcomed Obama's first-ever authorization of U.S. airstrikes in Syria, saying it stands "ready and willing" to partner with the international community to defeat the militants.
But the Syrian National Coalition said that airstrikes need to be coupled with a strategy for ultimately toppling Assad.
Kurdish politicians in Iraq similarly praised Obama's announcement of wider airstrikes and assistance to Iraqi forces.
"We welcome this new strategy," said Hoshyar Zebari, a Kurdish politician and one of Iraq's newly-appointed deputy prime ministers. "We think it will work with the cooperation of the indigenous local forces like Iraqi Security Forces, the Kurdish peshmerga and other forces."
"There is an urgent need for action. People cannot sit on the fence. This is a mortal threat to everybody," he told The Associated Press.
The U.S. began launching limited airstrikes against Islamic State targets in Iraq early last month at the request of former Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. The American firepower provided a significant boost to Iraqi forces, including the Kurdish peshmerga fighters, battling to win back land lost to the militant group.
The Sunni extremists seized roughly a third of Iraq and Syria in their rampage this summer, declaring a self-styled caliphate in areas under their control where they apply their strict interpretation of Islamic law.
In a prime-time address to the nation from the White House late Wednesday, Obama announced he was authorizing U.S. airstrikes inside Syria for the first time, along with expanded strikes in Iraq as part of "a steady, relentless effort" to root out Islamic State extremists and curb their reign of terror.
He also again urged Congress to authorize a program to train and arm Syrian rebels who are fighting both the Islamic State militants and Assad's forces.
Obama did not say when U.S. forces would begin striking at targets inside Syria.
Syrian Minister for Reconciliation, Ali Haider, warned that "any action without the approval of the Syrian government is an aggression on Syria." Speaking to reporters Thursday, he said international law dictates that any military action needs Damascus' approval, and should also be coordinated with the government.
Obama has ruled out any partnership with Assad in the fight against the Islamic State militants, saying the Syrian leader will "never regain the legitimacy" he has lost.
"I wonder how an international coalition can be formed and Syria, which is targeted by terrorism in depth, is shunned aside?" Syrian lawmaker Sharif Shehadeh told The Associated Press in Damascus. He said violating Syrian sovereignty will have "negative repercussions on regional and international security." He did not elaborate.
The state-run al-Thawra newspaper warned in a front-page editorial that Obama's authorization of airstrikes in Syria might be "the first sparks of fire in the region."
Syrian officials have always insisted that the uprising in Syria, which erupted in March 2011 and eventually escalated into civil war, was carried out by armed "terrorists" — using the term as shorthand for all rebels.
Iran's President Hassan Rouhani, whose country is a staunch ally of Assad, also said Thursday that regional and international cooperation will be vital — even though Tehran has not been invited to join the international coalition against the Islamic State group. Rouhani spoke on an official visit to Tajikistan.
In Tehran, foreign ministry spokeswoman Marzieh Afkham said the coalition has "serious ambiguities," the official IRNA news agency reported Thursday. She added that Iran has doubts about the seriousness of the coalition, accusing some unnamed members of supporting terrorism in Iraq and Syria.
The new U.N. envoy to Syria, meanwhile, said "the top priority now is to fight terrorism." Speaking on his first visit to Damascus following a meeting with Assad on Thursday, Staffan de Mistura said he will strive "with a renewed energy" to move toward a political settlement to the Syrian conflict.
Assad was quoted by the state-run news agency as saying that recent events in Syria and the region have made fighting terrorism a priority. He did not comment on Obama's speech.
De Mistura, a Swedish-Italian diplomat, is stepping into a mission that has frustrated two high-profile predecessors: Finding a resolution to a conflict that has killed more than 190,000 people and has driven a third of Syria's population — some 9 million people — from their homes.
A year ago, Obama gave a speech in which he was widely expected to announce punishing U.S. airstrikes against Assad's forces, after blaming them for a deadly chemical weapons attack near Damascus. Obama backed down at the last minute.
The U.S. president is now authorizing airstrikes not against Assad, but against a group committed to his removal from power. In doing that, the U.S. runs the risk of unintentionally strengthening Assad's hand, potentially opening the way for the Syrian army to fill the vacuum left by the extremists.
Hadi Bahra, chief of the Syrian National Coalition opposition group, said mainstream rebels desperately need support to fight the extremists.
"Today, we are one step closer to achieving that goal," he said.
He said the Syrian Coalition "stands ready and willing to partner with the international community," not only to defeat the extremists, but also "to rid the Syrian people of the tyranny of the Assad regime."
___
Karam reported from Beirut. Associated Press writers Qassim Abdul-Zahra and Vivian Salama in Baghdad and Nataliya Vasilyeva in Moscow contributed to this report.
More:

Lost Ship From Doomed Arctic Expedition DiscoveredLost Ship From Doomed Franklin Expedition Discovered In The Arctic
 | By                                                                ROB GILLIES
reddit
TORONTO (AP) — One of two British explorer ships that vanished in the Arctic nearly 170 years ago during a search for the fabled Northwest Passage has been found, Canada's prime minister announced Tuesday in a discovery that could unlock one of history's biggest mysteries and swell Canadian pride.
Last seen in the 1840s while under the command of Rear Adm. Sir John Franklin, HMS Erebus and HMS Terror have long been among the most sought-after prizes in marine archaeology and the subject of songs, poems and novels.
Prime Minister Stephen Harper's office said the well-preserved wreck of one of the vessels was found Sunday with the help of a remotely operated underwater vehicle. It was 11 meters (yards) below the surface, near King William Island, about 1,200 miles northwest of Toronto.
Harper said that it is unclear which ship it is, but that sonar images yielded enough information to confirm it was one of Franklin's.
"This is truly a historic moment for Canada," said Harper, who was beaming, uncharacteristically. "This has been a great Canadian story and mystery and the subject of scientists, historians, writers and singers, so I think we really have an important day in mapping the history of our country."
Harper said the discovery would shed light on what happened to Franklin's crew.
Franklin and 128 hand-picked officers and men disappeared after setting out in 1845 for the Northwest Passage, the long-sought shortcut to Asia that supposedly ran from the Atlantic to the Pacific by way of the harsh, ice-choked Arctic.
Historians believe the ships were lost in 1848 after they became locked in the ice near King William Island and the crews abandoned them in a hopeless bid to reach safety. Inuit lore tells of "white men who were starving" as late as the winter of 1850 on the Royal Geographical Society Island.
For many years afterward, Franklin was celebrated as a Victorian-era hero.
Dozens of searches by the British and Americans in the 1800s failed to locate the wrecks, and some of those expeditions ended in tragedy, too. But they opened up parts of the Canadian Arctic to discovery and ultimately spied a Northwest Passage, though it proved inhospitable to shipping because of ice and treacherous weather.
Canada announced in 2008 that it would look for the ships, and Harper's government has poured millions into the venture, with the prime minister himself taking part in the search.
Harper's government made the project a top priority as it looked to assert Canada's sovereignty over the Northwest Passage, where melting Arctic ice in recent years has unlocked the very shipping route Franklin was after.
Canada says it owns the passage. The U.S. and others say it is international territory.
Ryan Harris, an underwater archaeologist helping to lead the Parks Canada search, said a sonar image shows some of the ship's deck structures, including the main mast, which was sheared off by the ice when the vessel sank. He said the contents of the ship are most likely in the same good condition.
The next step is to send divers to explore the ship and any artifacts. There is no current plan to raise it. Divers will see what kind of condition the hull is in. The exact location of the wreck was not disclosed for fear of looters.
The discovery came shortly after a coast guard helicopter pilot spotted a dark, U-shaped object in the Arctic snow. The orange-brown hunk of metal bore the markings of the Royal Navy. It was a davit — part of a lifting mechanism, likely for a lifeboat, for one of the two lost Franklin ships, the search team said.
"That's the clue that tells you: Look here. That's the flag," said John Geiger, president of the Royal Canadian Geographical Society. Geiger was with the search team.
Andrew Campbell, a vice president at Parks Canada, said a combination of previous Inuit testimony, past modeling of ice patterns by the Canadian Ice Service, and the measurements of the two lost vessels — they are so similar they can't yet be told apart — convinced the searchers that this was a Franklin ship.
When the search team telephoned Campbell in Ottawa with the news early Sunday, "they cried, I cried. It was quite a moment," he said.
Queen Elizabeth II issued a statement saying she was "greatly interested to learn of the discovery of one of the long-lost ships of Captain Sir John Franklin" and she congratulated "all those who played a part in this historic achievement."
Other tantalizing traces have been found over the years, including the bodies of three crewmen discovered in the 1980s. Among them was a petty officer whose perfectly preserved remains were in an ice-filled coffin.
The search for an Arctic passage to Asia frustrated explorers for centuries, beginning with John Cabot's voyage in 1497. The shortcut eluded other famous explorers, including Henry Hudson and Francis Drake.
No sea crossing was successful until Roald Amundsen of Norway completed his trip in 1903-06.
Also on HuffPost:

Congress has done nothing for Muslims: Minority Affairs Minister Najma HeptullaNajma Heptulla, said she was shocked when a Congress leader said that "25,000 Muslims would be killed" if a BJP-led government came to power. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Union Minister for Minority Affairs Najma Heptulla today hit out at the Congress, saying its secular image was a farce meant to entrap the minority community.
"Congress in the last 65 years has done nothing except to push the Muslims away from the path of growth. But it calls itself secular. Even when this secular government was in power, the riots didn't stop... they kept on increasing," Heptulla alleged.
She was addressing a gathering here organised by the BJP to frame a development agenda for the minority community ahead of the coming elections in Maharashtra.
The former BJP vice president claimed that had she been with the Congress, she would have been made the President of India by now.
"I left the Congress when it had just won elections against (the NDA led by) Atal Bihari Vajpayee. I was the deputy chairman of Rajya Sabha. Had I continued with Congress, I would have been made the President of India. But in the process, I would have lost my peace of mind.. so I chose to leave the party," she said.
"I was born in a Congress family. But I gave up when I realised that this is not the same Congress that fought for India's independence. The Congress today is in the business of giving big talks of development of the Muslims. But fails to deliver on the promises," she said.
Heptulla, a five-time member of the Rajya Sabha , said she was shocked when a Congress leader said that "25,000 Muslims would be killed" if a BJP-led government came to power at the Centre.
"I was shocked at those comments...The Sachar committee report was a slap on the face of the Manmohan Singh government," she said.
"It (Congress) only knows the art of showing a lollipop of reservations to the Muslims. But the Constitution prohibits this. If it is so sympathetic towards the Muslims why did it make such a Constitution? Is it not a mockery of the Constitution?" she said.
She also alleged that Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan turned a blind eye to irregularities in the implementation of Maulana Azad national fellowship for minority students' scheme.
"I have written so many letters to the CM asking him to look into this, he never bothered to even reply."
Referring to the controversy over Prime Minister Narendra Modi's refusal to wear a Muslim cap (when he was Gujarat Chief Minister), Heptulla said she was happy that Modi didn't wear the cap.
"The condition of Muslims is very bad today... It was good that he didn't wear a topi like other leaders do...This only means that Muslims won't be betrayed by him the way other political leaders did," Heptulla said.

India to oust China as top cotton producer after 30 years: USDAET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW YORK: India will be the world's No. 1 cotton grower this year, ousting China from the top spot for the first time in over 30 years, US government said on Thursday, reflecting a dramatic shift in global supplies amid uncertainty over Beijing's farm policy.
If the projections by the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) are accurate, it will mark the end of China's dominance of the global cotton market just as Beijing scraps its stockpiling program. The state reserve's purchasing has supported the country's farmers and boosted global prices for the past three years.
It also comes as the country's textile industry loses its competitive edge with soaring labor and raw material costs forcing some yarn makers to shift production overseas.
The estimate also marks the first official nod from the USDA, whose crop estimates are often used as a benchmark across global agricultural markets, to an inflection point in world cotton supply and demand.
The switch by the two top growers had been expected after Chinese farmers cut plantings amid uncertainty over the state support program and a planting frenzy in India since August after a late monsoon favored growing conditions.
But shrinking local output will force China's mills to import more foreign supplies once they have eaten through inventories that have swelled to over 60 million bales.
"We're at the beginning of this transition where China will use its stocks, and in four or five years, they may become a big net importer again," said Peter Egli, director of risk management at British merchant Plexus Cotton Ltd.
While China's acreage is expected by many traders and analysts to be on a long-term downtrend, farmers in India may be protected by government support programs.
In its report on Thursday, the USDA hiked its estimate for India by 1 million bales to 30 million 480-lb bales of cotton for the 2014/15 crop year that began on August 1.
That would be down from the country's estimated 2013/14 output of 31 million bales, but high enough to propel the country into top spot for the first time since USDA records began in 1966.
China, which has been the largest producer for over 30 years, is projected to cut output for a second straight year with output of 29.5 million bales this year, down from 32 million bales last season.
Output peaked at 37 million bales during the 2007/08 crop year and production has hovered near those high levels since the government in 2011 launched a stockpiling initiative that kept local prices high, drove huge demand for imports, and caused the nation's inventories to balloon.
India's output meanwhile took off sharply in the early 2000s. The country surpassed the United States as the world's second-largest producer in the 2005/06 season.
"It's not been a question of if India will become No. 1. It's been a question of when," Egli said.

Hindustan Unilever scales record highHindustan Unilever scales record high
Russia Successfully Tests Nuclear Missilereddit
MOSCOW, Sept 10 (Reuters) - Russia carried out a successful  test of its new Bulava intercontinental nuclear missile on  Wednesday and will perform two more test launches in October and  November, the head of its naval forces said.
The 12-meter long Bulava, or mace, has undergone numerous  tests, some of which have failed, causing setbacks for the  project that aims to be the cornerstone of Russia's nuclear  arsenal over the next decade.
(Reporting by Thomas Grove, editing by John Stonestreet)
More:

LEO TOLSTOY: How inspired Google Doodle artist takes novel approach to rendering a legend [UPDATED]A Doodle to celebrate Russian writer Leo Tolstoy. (ROMAN MURADOV/courtesy of Google 2014)
 
IF MUCH OF the world didn’t know Roman Muradov’s enchanting art prior to today, now millions more will appreciate his graphic magic.
Muradov is a master interpreter, pulling from enormous universes of prose just the right reflected lights he needs to represent a moment that visually speaks volumes. He engages. He excavates. And somehow, through the act of peeling away till he has the perfectly distilled still image, he enlarges.
“The language of cartooning … ,” Muradov writes in part , “is the language of reduction; it’s less descriptive than realistic artwork or film, and is less likely to replace the reader’s vision.”
Muradov knows the act of cartooning can be like intentionally looking through the wrong end of a telescope: In theory, you are refracting matters into a smaller impression of a world. Yet when carried out by a master of light and space, the art of cartooning can magnify our sense and appreciation of celestial verses.
So when Google needed a guest doodler to help celebrate today’s 186th anniversary of the great Leo Tolstoy’s birth — to render comets and “an almost full moon against the almost starless night” — who better for the Bay Area tech titan to call than the San Francisco illustrator Muradov, that artistic enlarger of worlds?
“I hardly need to say that making a tribute to Leo Tolstoy was a daunting task,” Muradov writes. “No set of images can sum up a body of work so astonishing in scope, complexity and vigor — its memorable scenes come to life with seeming effortlessness, fully realized in the immortal lines and between them.”
The artist offers a “behind-the-scenes” peek at composing an Anna Karenina image. (ROMAN MURADOV/courtesy of Google 2014)
Yet Muradov, as visual intrepreter of Tolstoy — of “Anna Karenina,” and “War and Peace,” and “The Death of Ivan Ilyich” — is primed for the task. As he notes, he recently — in an assignment for Penguin Classics — illustrated and designed a centennial edition of Joyce’s “The Dubliners.” And so again, Muradov doesn’t merely draw scenes; he renders art that reflects themes. He shares a character’s state of mind, or the tension of duality, or the minute telling detail. He tunes in to the Russian novelist’s “robust” and “modern” language, the just-right rhythm that enlivens the ear of colloquialisms.
And through it all, Muradov is aware not only of canvas but also frame. He sees that the Doodle is “a stagelike format,” and so — working with the Google team — he creates a motion comic that is elevated by a sense of theater.
After all, when the artist is rendering legend – like a Tolstoy or Joyce — he must have a deeply perceptive purpose to wield a brush with greatness.
“I’m a bit overwhelmed by the sheer scope of reach” of a Google Doodle, Muradov tells The Post’s Comic Riffs, “and I’m delighted that people liked it and noticed all the little details I included — like the letters of Levin’s proposal.
“It’s quite strange to have so much exposure, since most of my work is fairly small-scale and often rather underground,” he continues, “but I’m grateful for the opportunity.”
(Note: Muradov’s many illustration clients have included NPR, The New Yorker and The Washington Post.)
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=entertainment, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410274587/1410274587000/1410274587 tracking: {authors=Michael Cavna, blog_name=comic-riffs, content_category=Entertainment, in_url_headline=leo-tolstoy-how-inspired-google-doodle-artist-takes-novel-approach-to-rendering-a-legend, post_id=2368, section={section=entertainment, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 9, 2014 2:56:27 PM close date: Sep 23, 2014 2:56:27 PM

Supreme Court Adds Gay Marriage To AgendaSupreme Court Adds Gay Marriage To Sept. 29 Agenda
Posted:
reddit
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court has formally added gay marriage cases to the justices' agenda for their closed-door conference on Sept. 29.
The action Wednesday does not mean that the court will decide that day to hear state appeals of lower court rulings that struck down bans on same-sex marriage. But the late September conference will be the first time the justices have the issue before them. The meeting will be the justices' first since late June.
Appeals have been filed from Indiana, Oklahoma, Utah, Virginia and Wisconsin. The gay couples who won in each case in the lower courts also favor Supreme Court review.
The justices could put off deciding whether to take up gay marriage until January and still be able to issue a decision by late June.
Also on HuffPost:

Lululemon soars 17%. Namaste!By Paul R. La Monica  @lamonicabuzz September 11, 2014: 1:40 PM ET
 
Lululemon is no longer a downward dog
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
No more downward dog jokes for lululemon please!
The yoga apparel maker's stock surged more than 17% in early trading Thursday after the company reported better-than-expected sales and profits for the second quarter.
Why this big of a rally? Investors seem relieved by the revenue and earnings forecasts for the year, which are a bit higher than forecasts. Lululemon lowered its outlook in June and that freaked out the market.
The company is in the midst of a turnaround under new CEO Lauren Potdevin, who joined lululemon ( LULU ) following the surprise departure of Christine Day in June 2013.
Lululemon has had its share of problems in the past few years. They began with a recall of some of the company's black pants after learning that they were a little too revealing on the bottom.
The recall hurt sales and profits.
Making matters worse, lululemon founder Chip Wilson insulted customers in November when he said in a television interview on Bloomberg that one reason for the see-through pants was that "they don't work for certain women's bodies."
 
Lululemon's see-through apology
He went on to suggest that it was about the "rubbing through the thighs" -- a comment that was immediately met with scorn from people who felt Wilson was saying some of his customers were too fat to wear the pants. Apparently, inserting a foot in your mouth is a patented Wilson yoga pose.
Wilson, who was also the company's chairman at the time, later resigned. But he then engaged in a bizarre war of words with the company's board and threatened to wage a shareholder proxy fight for control of lululemon. Wilson eventually agreed to sell a big chunk of his stock and abandon his proxy battle plans.
Related: Danger! Lululemon and American Apparel implode on founder comments
So where does all this leave lululemon now? The good news is that overall sales in its most recent quarter rose 13% from a year ago. But dig deeper and the numbers are still a little lacking.
Same-store sales, a measure that many retail analysts focus on because it excludes a bump retailers get from opening new locations, were merely flat in the quarter. And earnings, while better than what Wall Street had forecast, were down from a year ago.
In the company's earnings release, Potdevin stressed that he was "pleased to be on track" with the company's turnaround efforts but that "there is still much to be done."
Even if you factor in the big move in lululemon's shares Thursday, the stock is still down about 25% so far in 2014 and is trading more than 40% below its 52-week high.
What's more, lululemon faces many competitive threats. Under Armour ( UA ) recently inked supermodel Gisele Bundchen to an endorsement deal, a clear sign that Under Armour wants to be an even bigger player in women's athletic apparel. Nike ( NKE ) and Athleta, which is owned by The Gap ( GPS ), are also strong rivals.
But give lululemon some credit. The worst appears to be over. But can the company return to its pre-recall heights? That might be a stretch.
First Published: September 11, 2014: 10:48 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Anger Swells in Aftermath of Disaster  Omar Abdullah Defends GovtAnger Swells in Aftermath of Disaster  Omar Abdullah Defends Govt
JK floods: Over 1 lakh rescued; team to boost relief opsJK floods: Over 1 lakh rescued; team to boost relief ops
Fertiliser Stocks Back in Favour  GSFC Surges 20%Fertiliser Stocks Back in Favour  GSFC Surges 20%
US stocks in correction  but bull market intact  says David RosenbergET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW YORK: The US stock market has entered into a corrective phase, but the underlying bull market remains in place, David Rosenberg , chief economist and strategist of Canadian asset manager Gluskin Sheff, said on Thursday.
"We are in some kind of corrective phase in the stock market but it's not the end of the world," Rosenberg told Reuters, saying that valuations are expensive but not necessarily in bubble territory.
"I think we're still in a fundamental bull market," said Rosenberg, a long-time leading bear on Wall Street who had turned bullish about two years ago.
Rosenberg, whose Toronto-based firm had $7.5 billion in assets under management at the end of the second quarter, had changed his bearish outlook shortly after writing in mid-2012: "I do see a light at the end of the dark tunnel. Don't be surprised if I end up turning bullish ahead of the pack."
Since the financial crisis, US stocks have shot up. Last year the benchmark S&P 500 rose about 30 per cent; so far this year the index is up about 8 per cent.
The S&P has now gone about three years without a correction of at least 10 per cent, an unusually long period that's caused unease among investors who are convinced that a decline must be coming.
But Rosenberg said that such a correction could bring more buyers into the market, because there are few attractive alternatives to stocks these days. He noted that money has been quick to come back into the market on previous smaller dips.
Nothing is cheap at the moment, but some sectors could gain more, he said, noting the impact of an upswing in capital spending.
"Capital spending is finally emerging as a big positive story in this country," he said, as companies move to replace aging infrastructure, lower utilization rates hovering around 80 per cent, and boost productivity.
Industrials, technology and financials will all benefit from that kind of spending, he said.
In contrast, Rosenberg said, the bull market in US Treasuries has been over for more than two years.
A broader uptrend of higher interest rates has begun, he said, with the US Federal Reserve taking a more permissive stance toward inflation as it seeks to boost wage growth among a broader swath of the United States .
The US 10-year Treasury note, which is a major benchmark for global credit and derivatives markets, is now yielding about 2.53 per cent.
While that is off the high of around 3 per cent toward the end of last year, the yield has yet to repeat its lows near 1.4 per cent in July 2012.
"Bonds are just a speculative trade as far as I'm concerned," Rosenberg said. "I see the bond market more overvalued than the stock market."
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Eni chief probed over $1bn Nigerian dealSeptember 11, 2014 7:00 pm
Eni chief executive under investigation over $1bn Nigerian oil deal
By James Politi in Rome and William Wallis and Anjli Raval in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/75b70480-39c0-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Germany s Merkel Calls For Sanctions On Russia To Be Put Into EffectGermany's Merkel Calls For Russian Sanctions To Be Put Into Effect
Posted:
Updated:
09/10/2014  8:59 am EDT
BERLIN, GERMANY - SEPTEMBER 10: German Chancellor Angela Merkel speaks at the German Bundestag on September 10, 2014 in Berlin, Germany. (Photo by Thomas Trutschel/Photothek via Getty Images) | Thomas Trutschel via Getty Images
reddit
BERLIN (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel called Wednesday for the European Union to put new sanctions against Russia into effect immediately because peace plans for eastern Ukraine have not yet been implemented fully.
The EU has drawn up new measures against Russia over its actions in Ukraine but stopped short Monday of enforcing them right away. The new sanctions are expected to deepen earlier penalties targeting Russia's energy and arms sectors and tighten access to international loans.
Ambassadors from EU member countries were holding another meeting later Wednesday in Brussels on the sanctions.
Merkel told Germany's parliament it's important for peace plans drawn up by Ukraine and Russia to be put into effect and added that "a cease-fire and the release of prisoners are only two elements" of the plan.
It also includes the withdrawal of Russian soldiers from Ukraine and a free decision by people in Ukraine's Donetsk and Luhansk regions on their future status, she said.
Merkel told Germany's parliament "there is not a 100 percent cease-fire, but in any case an improvement" in the situation on the ground. But she said there was "a lack of clarity on the fulfillment" of many other points of the peace plan.
In view of that, "we support these sanctions being published now," she said.
She said the sanctions are not permanent.
"If the 12 points are really fulfilled substantially, we will be the first to lift the new sanctions," Merkel added. "They are not an end in themselves — they are only ever imposed if they are unavoidable."
More:

Groups join internet slow lanes fightLast updated: September 11, 2014 4:54 pm
Online companies join battle over ‘internet slow lanes’
By Matthew Garrahan
Massive protest erupts against proposed changes to net neutrality
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9169010-3993-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US stocks: S&P 500  Nasdaq end up slightly; Dow dipsThe S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended slightly higher on Thursday, reversing earlier losses late in the session as energy shares bounced back with oil prices.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW YORK: The S&P 500 and Nasdaq ended slightly higher on Thursday, reversing earlier losses late in the session as energy shares bounced back with oil prices .
Based on the latest available data, the Dow Jones industrial average fell 19.78 points, or 0.12 per cent, to 17,048.93, the S&P 500 gained 1.67 points, or 0.08 per cent, to 1,997.36 and the Nasdaq Composite added 5.28 points, or 0.12 per cent, to 4,591.81.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

CCL Products looks strong after 155% rallyET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: CCL Products, an exporter of coffee, has had a stellar rally in 2014. Year-to-date, the stock has surged over 155 per cent and if analysts are to be believed, the rally is likely to continue for the next couple of years.
In the same period, competitor Tata Coffee has given flat-to-negative return of 4 per cent. So what's been the key driver for CCL Products sharp rally?
CCL's expansion into Vietnam will benefit from proximity to raw materials as well as Vietnam's preferential trade agreements with South-East Asian countries and a four-year tax holiday offered by the local government.
According to the management, profits coming from Vietnam will be tax-free for the next four years.
"The company is poised for a strong earnings growth in the coming years, driven by increasing capacity utilization and higher margins at its new plant in Vietnam due to savings on logistics cost, duties and taxes," said an IIFL report.
"With capacity utilization at Vietnam poised to increase sharply over FY15-16, consolidated net profit is on track for a strong growth," the report added. The coffee prices have risen nearly 85 per cent in 2014, but raw material price fluctuations are not a risk factor for CCL. The company has adopted a model of entering into back-to-back contracts with customers and suppliers.
"Price fixation with customers is based on the same day's prevailing green coffee prices, which are then locked in via supplier contracts. This is the key reason why CCL's standalone Ebitda margins have held steady in a band for several years," the IIFL report added.
The brokerage has a target price of Rs 150 on the stock, an upside of 38 per cent from the current market price.
CCL can source green coffee beans in 24 hours for its Vietnam plant, while in India it takes two months for raw material transit and import clearance, and, therefore, the working capital cycle for the Vietnam plant is likely to be at least six weeks lower than its Indian plant.
"In the wake of a faster ramp-up of its Vietnam facility likely from FY15, we expect consolidated working capital needs to reduce from 39.7%/32.4% in FY13/FY14 to 27.7%/26% in FY16E/FY17E, respectively," said a Nirmal Bang report.
According to the brokerage, the company has completed a major portion of its capex and no significant capex is expected in FY15/FY16.
CCL has launched its own product under the brand name Continental in the state of Andhra Pradesh. According to Nirmal Bang, its branded products are sold in less than 15 days' time.
"As CCL is rolling out state-wise a bouquet of products with greater space in department stores, its advertisement costs are expected to remain under control. In addition, we expect CCL to generate Rs3.4bn free cash flow over FY14-FY17E, which will also support the brand-building activity, if required," the report added.
Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities has a 'buy' recommendation on the stock with a target price of Rs 140, an upside of 29 per cent from its current market price. At 11:20 am, the stock was at Rs 108.90, up 2.35 per cent, on the BSE. It touched a high of Rs 110.80 and a low of Rs 107.55 in trade today.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

UPDATE 2-Brent falls below $98 as oversupply worries outweigh Mideast concernsUPDATE 2-Brent falls below $98 as oversupply worries outweigh Mideast concerns
Stunning Time-Lapse From Space Will Leave You In Absolute Awereddit
A new video released Tuesday by the European Space Agency (ESA) shows the world like you've never seen it before: in super-high-definition 4K.
The stunning time-lapse video, seen above, was taken by ESA astronaut Alexander Gerst as he orbited Earth aboard the International Space Station --and paired with a mesmerizing house music soundtrack.
Watch as swirls of green from auroras borealis drift by, and streaks of blue and white stars zoom past Earth as it transitions from day to night. You're in for a treat.
For maximum viewing pleasure, turn your YouTube settings up to 4K.
Also on HuffPost:
NASA Insider's Favorite Pictures Of Earth
of

5 reasons why markets are likely to consolidateTop five reasons why markets are likely to consolidate in near term
By Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 11 Sep, 2014, 05.21PM IST
Considering the fact that the markets are trading near their higher end of the range, a mild correction or consolidation cannot be ruled out.
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex fell for a third straight day in a row on Thursday to log its lowest close in nearly two weeks, while the Nifty slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8100.
After rallying over 1000 points since August and nearly 6000 points so far in the year 2014, the S&P BSE Sensex has come under a bit of pressure. Analysts see this more as part of consolidation and not as a big correction.
They feel that the bull market still remains intact. However, the index may fall by max 5-10 per cent before it continues its uptrend.
"This consolidation phase, that we are seeing right now, is likely to continue for some more time," said Manishi Raychaudhuri, MD & Asia Equity Strategist, BNP Paribas.
"Indian stocks have outperformed this year for a good reason. If you look at the entire emerging market universe, India is possibly the best story fundamentally," he added.
Considering the fact that the markets are trading near their higher end of the range, a mild correction or consolidation cannot be ruled out. However, the bull-run still remains intact, say analysts.
"It is difficult to quantify correction, but we were not looking for any meaningful correction as such and consolidation means extending global macro shock around current levels," said Gautam Chhaocharia , Head of India Research, UBS.
There would not be any meaningful downside, but purely from that construct of index target of 8000 for the year end, it does look poised for consolidation around current levels," he added.
We have collated top five reasons which may be responsible for some bit of consolidation in the market around current levels for some more time:
Premium Valuations:
The Indian markets have rallied a little over 27 per cent so far in the year 2014, which has indeed pushed the valuations higher compared to historic averages.
If we look at the valuations today, they are about 16 times, somewhere between 16 and 16.5 times one year forward. The long-term average for India is about 15 times.
"Current valuations are approximately about 8% to 10% premium to the long-term average and India peaks out typically at somewhere around 20% premium, which has closed one standard deviation higher than the long-term average," added Raychaudhuri of BNP Paribas.
Bhavin Shah, CEO, Equirus Securities, is of the view that the valuations across sectors are certainly stretched and even after factoring in 20-25 years of pretty reasonable earnings growth and free cash flow growth, the value implied by various stocks is far in excess of that. So some bit of correction would be healthy.
FIIs booking profit:
Analysts are of the view that foreign institutional investors (FIIs) which have poured in nearly Rs 9,000 crore in the Indian capital market in the first week of September are booking profits after a sharp rally seen so far in the year 2014.
Raychaudhuri says that from FIIs side, we are seeing a certain degree of fatigue about India. That is partly because the markets have run up too sharply.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.9 lakh crore or $31.5 billion into the country's securities market.
"The undertone remains extremely buoyant and we have seen a decent run-up in the last few months, in fact also in the last one week or so. So, the FII flows continue to be very good," said Sachin Shah, Portfolio Manager, Emkay Global Financial Services.
"With the kind of run-up that we have seen, there is always a possibility of some bit of profit booking coming in, some bit of halting of new buying coming in, but it really looks like that the correction should be not something very significant, if at all," he added.
Flows going to other emerging markets:
Raychaudhuri is of the view that there are certain other avenues or pockets of investment that seem to have opened up now across the emerging market universe.
"We have increasing flows going into China, Korea, and also Taiwan over the last three-four months," he said.
Government paper might absorb some liquidity:
Whenever primary market picks up, it absorbs much of the liquidity from the system as funds get diverted to IPOs or OFS.
The government kicked off the big-bang disinvestment programme it announced in the budget with the cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA) clearing stake sales in Coal India, ONGC and hydropower utility NHPC.
At current prices, disinvestment in these companies is expected to meet the budget target of Rs 43,425 crore. The first is likely to be a 5 per cent sale in steel maker SAIL that is expected to fetch Rs 1,700 crore.
"We have seen this repeatedly whenever there is such large supply of paper," said Raychaudhuri of BNP Paribas, adding that the primarily market tends to draw on the funds that could have flown into the secondary market otherwise.
However, some analysts feel that the current supply of paper should not be much of a problem for the markets, if the quality of paper is good.
"We already saw the QIP of nearly Rs 30000-35000 crore worth of shares that were absorbed by the market easily. In fact, there is a concern that for FIIs there is not much left in the market to penetrate," said G Chokkalingam, Founder, Equinomics Research.
"So, I continue to believe that we are set for a structural bull run at least for another two years and all these would be easily absorbed," he added.
Technical Outlook:
On a year-to-date basis, the Nifty has rallied by approximately 30 per cent so far. It is the highest return that the Nifty has yielded in the last 5 years, but that hasn't dithered the bulls away.
So, the uptrend is clearly there, with indicators, averages and prices placed above short-term averages. The Nifty continues its pattern of making higher highs and higher lows.
"However, it does appear that within that uptrend, in the short term or just immediate term, some consolidation has kicked in. Levels of 8200 to about 8000 could be a broader range in which the Nifty might consolidate," said Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com.
"Unless and until 8000 or 7980 is broken, I do not see a serious threat of correction, though there are levels in between wherein you would want to have a look at intraday charts," he said, adding that "however, it could be a bigger consolidation with 8200 and 8000 as the range."
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Downing St corrects Hammond gaffe on SyriaSeptember 11, 2014 8:16 pm
No 10 corrects Hammond gaffe on Syria
By Jim Pickard and Kiran Stacey
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/470ed140-39b5-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Obama Gets Muted Gulf Region ResponseObama Gets Muted Gulf Region Response
How Hillary Clinton s State Department Sold Fracking To The WorldHow Hillary Clinton's State Department Sold Fracking To The World
Mother Jones  | By                                                                Mariah Blake
Posted:
reddit
This story originally appeared on Mother Jones and is reproduced here as part of the Climate Desk collaboration.
ONE ICY MORNING in February 2012, Hillary Clinton's plane touched down in the Bulgarian capital, Sofia, which was just digging out from a fierce blizzard. Wrapped in a thick coat, the secretary of state descended the stairs to the snow-covered tarmac, where she and her aides piled into a motorcade bound for the presidential palace. That afternoon, they huddled with Bulgarian leaders, including Prime Minister Boyko Borissov, discussing everything from Syria's bloody civil war to their joint search for loose nukes. But the focus of the talks was fracking. The previous year, Bulgaria had signed a five-year, $68 million deal, granting US oil giant Chevron millions of acres in shale gas concessions. Bulgarians were outraged. Shortly before Clinton arrived, tens of thousands of protesters poured into the streets carrying placards that read "Stop fracking with our water" and "Chevron go home." Bulgaria's parliament responded by voting overwhelmingly for a fracking moratorium.
Clinton urged Bulgarian officials to give fracking another chance. According to Borissov, she agreed to help fly in the "best specialists on these new technologies to present the benefits to the Bulgarian people." But resistance only grew. The following month in neighboring Romania, thousands of people gathered to protest another Chevron fracking project, and Romania's parliament began weighing its own shale gas moratorium. Again Clinton intervened, dispatching her special envoy for energy in Eurasia, Richard Morningstar, to push back against the fracking bans. The State Depart­ment's lobbying effort culminated in late May 2012, when Morningstar held a series of meetings on fracking with top Bulgarian and Romanian officials. He also touted the technology in an interview on Bulgarian national radio, saying it could lead to a fivefold drop in the price of natural gas. A few weeks later, Romania's parliament voted down its proposed fracking ban and Bulgaria's eased its moratorium.
The episode sheds light on a crucial but little-known dimension of Clinton's diplomatic legacy. Under her leadership, the State Department worked closely with energy companies to spread fracking around the globe—part of a broader push to fight climate change, boost global energy supply, and undercut the power of adversaries such as Russia that use their energy resources as a cudgel. But environmental groups fear that exporting fracking, which has been linked to drinking-water contamination and earthquakes at home, could wreak havoc in countries with scant environmental regulation. And according to interviews, diplomatic cables, and other documents obtained by Mother Jones, American officials—some with deep ties to industry—also helped US firms clinch potentially lucrative shale concessions overseas, raising troubling questions about whose interests the program actually serves.
Hillary Clinton is welcomed to Sofia by Bulgarian Foreign Affairs Minister Nikolay Mladenov, left.
US Department of State /flickr
GEOLOGISTS HAVE LONG KNOWN that there were huge quantities of natural gas locked in shale rock. But tapping it wasn't economically viable until the late 1990s, when a Texas wildcatter named George Mitchell hit on a novel extraction method that involved drilling wells sideways from the initial borehole, then blasting them full of water, chemicals, and sand to break up the shale—a variation of a technique known as hydraulic fracturing, or fracking. Besides dislodging a bounty of natural gas, Mitchell's breakthrough ignited an energy revolution. Between 2006 and 2008, domestic gas reserves jumped 35 percent . The United States later vaulted past Russia to become the world's largest natural gas producer. As a result, prices dropped to record lows, and America began to wean itself from coal, along with oil and gas imports, which lessened its dependence on the Middle East. The surging global gas supply also helped shrink Russia's economic clout: Profits for Russia's state-owned gas company, Gazprom, plummeted by more than 60 percent between 2008 and 2009 alone.
Clinton, who was sworn in as secretary of state in early 2009, believed that shale gas could help rewrite global energy politics. "This is a moment of profound change," she later told a crowd at Georgetown University. "Countries that used to depend on others for their energy are now producers. How will this shape world events? Who will benefit, and who will not?…The answers to these questions are being written right now, and we intend to play a major role." Clinton tapped a lawyer named David Goldwyn as her special envoy for international energy affairs; his charge was "to elevate energy diplomacy as a key function of US foreign policy."
"Countries that used to depend on others for their energy are now producers," said Clinton. "How will this shape world events? Who will benefit?…The answers to these questions are being written right now, and we intend to play a major role."
Goldwyn had a long history of promoting drilling overseas—both as a Department of Energy official under Bill Clinton and as a representative of the oil industry. From 2005 to 2009 he directed the US-Libya Business Association, an organization funded primarily by US oil companies—including Chevron, Exxon Mobil, and Marathon—clamoring to tap Libya's abundant supply. Goldwyn lobbied Congress for pro-Libyan policies and even battled legislation that would have allowed families of the Lockerbie bombing victims to sue the Libyan government for its alleged role in the attack.
According to diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks, one of Goldwyn's first acts at the State Department was gathering oil and gas industry executives "to discuss the potential international impact of shale gas." Clinton then sent a cable to US diplomats, asking them to collect information on the potential for fracking in their host countries. These efforts eventually gave rise to the Global Shale Gas Initiative , which aimed to help other nations develop their shale potential. Clinton promised it would do so "in a way that is as environmentally respectful as possible."
But environmental groups were barely consulted, while industry played a crucial role. When Goldwyn unveiled the initiative in April 2010, it was at a meeting of the United States Energy Association, a trade organization representing Chevron, Exxon Mobil, and ConocoPhillips, all of which were pursuing fracking overseas. Among their top targets was Poland, which preliminary studies suggested had abundant shale gas. The day after Goldwyn's announcement, the US Embassy in Warsaw helped organize a shale gas conference, underwritten by these same companies (plus the oil field services company Halliburton) and attended by officials from the departments of State and Energy.
In some cases, Clinton personally promoted shale gas. During a 2010 gathering of foreign ministers in Washington, DC, she spoke about America's plans to help spread fracking abroad. "I know that in some places [it] is controversial," she said , "but natural gas is the cleanest fossil fuel available for power generation today." She later traveled to Poland for a series of meetings with officials, after which she announced that the country had joined the Global Shale Gas Initiative.
"We are very firm on this," insists the State Department's Paul Hueper. "We do not shill for industry."
That August, delegates from 17 countries descended on Washington for the State Depart­ment's first shale gas conference. The media was barred from attending, and officials refused to reveal basic information, including which countries took part. When Rep. Henry Waxman (D-Calif.) inquired about industry involvement, the department would say only that there had been "a limited industry presence." (State Department officials have since been more forthcoming with Mother Jones: In addition to a number of US government agencies, they say attendees heard from energy firms, including Devon, Chesapeake, and Halliburton.)
During the cursory press conference that followed, Goldwyn, a short, bespectacled man with a shock of dark hair, argued that other nations could avoid the environmental damage sometimes associated with fracking by following America's lead and adopting "an umbrella of laws and regulations." A reporter suggested that US production had actually "outpaced the ability to effectively oversee the safety" and asked how we could be sure the same wouldn't happen elsewhere. Goldwyn replied that attendees had heard about safety issues from energy companies and the Groundwater Protection Council, a nonprofit organization that receives industry funding and opposes federal regulation of fracking wastewater disposal.
Goldwyn and the delegates then boarded a bus to Pennsylvania for an industry-sponsored luncheon and tour of some shale fields. Paul Hueper, director of energy programs at the State Department's Bureau of Energy Resources, says the tour was organized independently and that energy firms were only invited to the conference itself to share best practices. "We are very firm on this," he insisted. "We do not shill for industry."
WHILE THE MEETING helped stir up interest, it wasn't until 2011 that global fracking fever set in for real. That spring, the US Energy Information Administration (EIA) released its initial estimate of global shale gas, which found that 32 countries had viable shale basins and put global recoverable shale gas at 6,600 trillion cubic feet—enough to supply the world for more than 50 years at current rates of consumption. This was a rich opportunity for big oil and gas companies, which had largely missed out on the US fracking boom and were under pressure from Wall Street to shore up their dwindling reserves. "They're desperate," says Antoine Simon, who coordinates the shale gas campaign at Friends of the Earth Europe. "It's the last push to continue their fossil fuel development."
The industry began fighting hard for access to shale fields abroad, and promoting gas as the fuel of choice for slashing carbon emissions. In Europe, lobbyists circulated a report claiming that the European Union could save 900 billion euros if it invested in gas rather than renewable energy to meet its 2050 climate targets. This rankled environmentalists, who argue fracking may do little to ease global warming, given that wells and pipelines leak large quantities of methane , a potent greenhouse gas. They also fear it could crowd out investment in renewables.
By early 2011, the State Department was laying plans to launch a new bureau to integrate energy into every aspect of foreign policy—an idea Goldwyn had long been advocating. In 2005, he and a Chevron executive named Jan Kalicki had published a book called Energy and Security: Toward a New Foreign Policy Strategy , which argued that energy independence was unattainable in the near term and urged Washington to shift its focus to energy security—by boosting global fossil fuel production and stifling unrest that might upset energy markets. Goldwyn and his ideas had played a key role in shaping the bureau, so some observers were surprised when he quietly stepped down just before its launch.
When I approached Goldwyn following a recent speaking engagement in Washington, DC, to ask about his time at the State Department and why he left, he ducked out a side door, and Kalicki blocked the corridor to keep me from following. Goldwyn later said via email that he had simply chosen "to return to the private sector."
Around the time of his departure, WikiLeaks released a slew of diplomatic cables, including one describing a 2009 meeting during which Goldwyn and Canadian officials discussed development of the Alberta oil sands—a project benefiting some of the same firms behind the US-Libya Business Association. The cable said that Goldwyn had coached his Canadian counterparts on improving "oil sands messaging" and helped alleviate their concerns about getting oil sands crude to US markets. This embarrassed the State Department, which is reviewing the controversial Keystone XL pipeline proposal to transport crude oil from Canada and is under fire from environmentalists.
After leaving State, Goldwyn took a job with Sutherland, a law and lobbying firm that touts his "deep understanding" of pipeline issues, and launched his own company, Goldwyn Global Strategies.
In late 2011, Clinton finally unveiled the new Bureau of Energy Resources , with 63 employees and a multimillion-dollar budget. She also promised to instruct US embassies around the globe to step up their work on energy issues and "pursue more outreach to private-sector energy" firms, some of which had generously supported both her and President Barack Obama's political campaigns. (One Chevron executive bundled large sums for Clinton's 2008 presidential bid, for example.)
As part of its expanded energy mandate, the State Department hosted conferences on fracking from Thailand to Botswana. It sent US experts to work alongside foreign officials as they developed shale gas programs. And it arranged for dozens of foreign delegations to visit the United States to attend workshops and meet with industry consultants—as well as with environmental groups, in some cases.
US oil giants, meanwhile, were snapping up natural gas leases in far-flung places. By 2012, Chevron had large shale concessions in Argentina, Australia, Canada, China, and South Africa, as well as in Eastern Europe, which was in the midst of a claim-staking spree; Poland alone had granted more than 100 shale concessions covering nearly a third of its territory. When the nation lit its first shale gas flare atop a Halliburton-drilled well that fall, the state-owned gas company ran full-page ads in the country's largest newspapers showing a spindly rig rising above the hills in the tiny village of Lubocino, alongside the tagline: "Don't put out the flame of hope." Politicians promised that Poland would soon break free of its nemesis, Russia, which supplies the lion's share of its gas. "After years of dependence on our large neighbor, today we can say that my generation will see the day when we will be independent in the area of natural gas," Prime Minister Donald Tusk declared. "And we will be setting terms."
But shale was not the godsend that industry leaders and foreign governments had hoped it would be. For one, new research from the US Geological Survey suggested that the EIA assessments had grossly overestimated shale deposits: The recoverable shale gas estimate for Poland shrank from 187 trillion cubic feet to 1.3 trillion cubic feet, a 99 percent drop. Geological conditions and other factors in Europe and Asia also made fracking more arduous and expensive; one industry study estimated that drilling shale gas in Poland would cost three times what it does in the United States.
By 2013, US oil giants were abandoning their Polish shale plays. "The expectations for global shale gas were extremely high," says the State Department's Hueper. "But the geological limitations and aboveground challenges are immense. A handful of countries have the potential for a boom, but there may never be a global shale gas revolution."
"They're desperate," says Antoine Simon of Friends of the Earth Europe. "It's the last push to continue their fossil fuel development."
The politics of fracking overseas were also fraught. According to Susan Sakmar, a visiting law professor at the University of Houston who has studied fracking regulation, the United States is one of the only nations where individual landowners own the mineral rights. "In most, perhaps all, other countries of the world, the underground resources belong to the crown or the government," she explains. The fact that property owners didn't stand to profit from drilling on their land ignited public outrage in some parts of the world, especially Eastern Europe. US officials speculate that Russia also had a hand in fomenting protests there. "The perception among diplomats in the region was that Russia was protecting its interests," says Mark Gitenstein, the former US ambassador to Romania. "It didn't want shale gas for obvious reasons."
Faced with these obstacles, US and European energy companies launched a lobbying blitz targeting the European Union. They formed faux grassroots organizations, plied lawmakers with industry-funded studies, and hosted lavish dinners and conferences for regulators. The website for one industry confab—which, according to Friends of the Earth Europe, featured presentations from Exxon Mobil, Total, and Halliburton— warned that failure to develop shale gas "will have damaging consequences on European energy security and prosperity" and urged European governments to "allow shale gas exploration to advance" so they could "fully understand the scale of the opportunity."
US lobbying shops also jumped into the fray. Covington & Burling, a major Washington firm, hired several former senior EU policymakers—including a top energy official who, according to the New York Times , arrived with a not-yet-public draft of the European Commission's fracking regulations.
In June 2013, Covington staffer Jean De Ruyt, a former Belgian diplomat and adviser to the European Commission, hosted an event at the firm's Brussels office. Executives from Chevron and other oil and gas behemoths attended, as did Kurt Vandenberghe, then one of the commission's top environmental regulators. These strategies appeared to pay off: The commission's recently released framework for regulating fracking includes recommendations for governments but not firm requirements. "They chose the weakest option they had," says Simon of Friends of the Earth Europe. "People at the highest level of the commission are in the industry's pocket."
Goldwyn was also busy promoting fracking overseas—this time on behalf of industry. Between January and October 2012, his firm organized a series of workshops on fracking for officials in Bulgaria, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, and Ukraine, all of them funded by Chevron. The events were closed to the public—when Romanian journalist Vlad Ursulean tried to attend the Romanian gathering, he says Goldwyn personally saw to it that he was escorted out.
David Goldwyn at a 2006 NATO conference NATO photos
Goldwyn told Mother Jones that the workshops featured presentations on technical aspects of fracking by academics from the Colorado School of Mines and Penn State University. Chevron, he maintains, had "no editorial input." But all of these countries—except Bulgaria, which was in the midst of anti-fracking protests—would later grant Chevron major shale concessions.
In some cases, the State Department had a direct hand in negotiating the deals. Gitenstein, then the ambassador to Romania, met with Chevron executives and Romanian officials and pressed them to hand over millions of acres of shale concessions. "The Romanians were just sitting on the leases, and Chevron was upset. So I intervened," says Gitenstein, whose State Department tenure has been bookended by stints at Mayer Brown, a law and lobbying firm that has represented Chevron. "This is traditionally what ambassadors do on behalf of American companies." In the end, Romania signed a 30-year deal with Chevron, which helped set off massive, nationwide protests.
When the government began weighing a fracking ban, it didn't sit well with Gitenstein, who went on Romanian television and warned that, without fracking, the nation could be stuck paying five times what America does for natural gas. He added that US shale prospectors had "obtained great successes—without consequences for the environment, I dare say." The proposed moratorium soon died.
A FEW WEEKS LATER, Chevron was preparing to build its first fracking rig near Pungesti, a tiny farming village in northeastern Romania. According to a memo from the prime minister's office, a Romanian official met with Chevron executives and an embassy-based US Commerce Department employee to craft a PR strategy for the project. They agreed to organize a kickoff event at Victoria Palace in Bucharest. As a spokesman, they would tap Damian Draghici, a charismatic Romanian lawmaker who was a "recognized personality among the Roma minority," which had a "considerable presence" around Chevron's planned drilling sites. "It was really extraordinary—the level of collaboration between these players," says Ursulean, who has written extensively about Chevron's activities in Romania. "It was as if they were all branches of the same company."
"The Romanians were just sitting on the leases, and Chevron was upset," says former US ambassador to Romania Mark Gitenstein. "So I intervened."
The strategy did little to soothe the public's ire. When Chevron finally did attempt to install the rig in late 2013, residents—including elderly villagers who arrived in horse-drawn carts— blockaded the planned drilling sites. The Romanian Orthodox Church rallied behind them, with one local priest likening Chevron to enemy "invaders." Soon, anti-fracking protests were cropping up from Poland to the United Kingdom . But Chevron didn't back down. Along with other American energy firms, it lobbied to insert language in a proposed US-EU trade agreement allowing US companies to haul European governments before international arbitration panels for any actions threatening their investments. Chevron argued this was necessary to protect shareholders against "arbitrary" and "unfair" treatment by local authorities. But environmental groups say it would stymie fracking regulation and point to a $250 million lawsuit Delaware-based Lone Pine Resources has filed against the Canadian province of Quebec for temporarily banning fracking near a key source of drinking water. The case hinges on a similar trade provision.
Despite the public outcry in Europe, the State Department has stayed the course. Clinton's successor as secretary of state, John Kerry, views natural gas as a key part of his push against climate change. Under Kerry, State has ramped up investment in its shale gas initiative and is planning to expand it to 30 more countries, from Cambodia to Papua New Guinea.
Following the Crimea crisis, the Obama administration has also been pressing Eastern European countries to fast-track their fracking initiatives so as to be less dependent on Russia. During an April visit to Ukraine, which has granted concessions to Chevron and Royal Dutch Shell, Vice President Joe Biden announced that the United States would bring in technical experts to speed up its shale gas development. "We stand ready to assist you," promised Biden , whose son Hunter has since joined the board of a Ukrainian energy company. "Imagine where you'd be today if you were able to tell Russia: 'Keep your gas.' It would be a very different world."
This story was supported by the Fund for Investigative Journalism.
Also on HuffPost:

Apple quietly kills off iconic iPod Classic | 5 million Google passwords leakedApple quietly kills off iconic iPod Classic after seven years of launch
By The Independent | 12 Sep, 2014, 03.11AM IST
iPod Classic was the last Apple device to use click-wheel. The simplicity of feature – replacing an array of different buttons with a track wheel.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
There was no announcement, no solemn ceremony to mark its passing, but Apple has finally killed off its longest serving gadget, the iPod Classic, just seven years after it was launched but what seems a lifetime since it made the Walkman obsolete.
Tech aficionados, who loved the iPod's once-revolutionary design, were among the first to notice that the webpage for the Classic version had quietly disappeared and now simply pointed to a site for the iPod Touch.
Diehard music fans, who loved a storage capacity of 160GB, which meant they could carry as many as 40,000 songs in their pocket, appeared to go into mourning at the decision, put into effect on Tuesday when Apple launched its new smartwatch. The first version of the iPod appeared in 2001. Patrick Ness , author of The Crane Wife and other books, said on Twitter
"Apple introduced a phone with the same crappy battery, a wristwatch no one wants and killed the iPod Classic. Why do you like them again?"
Christina Warren , senior tech analyst at Mashable , said: "The iPod classic is finally dead. RIP little iPod. You remade Apple, changed the way we listen to music, and are one of my top five gadgets." And Pitchfork, an internet magazine about independent music, tweeted simply: "Goodnight, sweet click-wheel."
The iPod Classic was the last Apple device to use the click-wheel, first seen on the iPod Mini, launched in 2004. The simplicity of the feature - replacing an array of different buttons with a track wheel that incorporated four different buttons - became an instant hit.
Though no one realised, Tim Cook , chief executive of Apple, paid tribute to the device as he introduced the Apple Watch on Tuesday. "It turns out, with every revolutionary product that Apple has created, a breakthrough in user interface was required," he said. "With the Mac, we introduced the mouse. The click-wheel on the iPod. And with iPhone , multi-touch gave us the ability to interact with a beautiful canvas of photos or video or music."
For some, it was an historic moment. Jacob Kastrenakes , writing for tech website The Verge, said: "The [Sony] Walkman may have started the first portable music revolution, but the iPod began the second. "It increasingly put thousands upon thousands of songs in your pocket, and made it so that no one ever had to leave behind a track from their library again."

Hong Kong debut Islamic bond raises $1bnSeptember 11, 2014 5:01 am
Hong Kong raises $1bn in debut Islamic bond
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/25e56e3c-3953-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China sets first fines in car sector probeAugust 19, 2014 9:23 am
China levies first fines in auto industry pricing probe
By Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e954f98-2772-11e4-be5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banco Esprito Santo: Family fortunes© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a63a4a56-32c0-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s GDP Growth To Improve To 5.2 Per Cent In 2014: Moody sIndia s GDP Growth To Improve To 5.2 Per Cent In 2014: Moody s
Angel Broking maintains neutral on Sun PharmaAngel Broking maintains neutral on Sun Pharma
China fines 10 Japanese car parts makersLast updated: August 20, 2014 5:49 pm
China fines 10 Japan car parts makers over price collusion
By Tom Mitchell in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/833d93d0-2836-11e4-9ea9-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saudi oil minister Ali al-Nuaimi plays down drop in oil priceSaudi oil minister Ali al-Nuaimi plays down drop in oil price
Islamic bonds  sukuk goes mainstream© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/0461db74-3502-11e4-aa47-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Naidu to meet CMs of Odisha  Chhattisgarh on Polavaram projectNaidu to meet CMs of Odisha  Chhattisgarh on Polavaram project
Emerging economies beat G7 on climateSeptember 7, 2014 11:09 pm
Emerging economies outpace G7 on tackling climate change
By Pilita Clark in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9bec7772-34e6-11e4-ba5d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MFs exposure to bank stocks hits record high of Rs 56.6K crMFs exposure to bank stocks hits record high of Rs 56.6K cr
Revival of maritime silk route high on Xi Jinping s agenda | Full coverageChina President Xi's India Visit: Revival of 4,000-year-old maritime silk route high on agenda
By Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury , ET Bureau | 12 Sep, 2014, 07.01AM IST
0
Share More
During his summit meeting with PM Modi, Xi is likely to discuss how India will be a key country in for exports both via land & maritime silk routes.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
FUJIAN: Revival of the over 4,000-year-old maritime silk route is high on Xi Jinping government's agenda as it tries to enhance trade and business with countries along the sea route in Southeast Asia and South Asia , including India.
During his summit meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi next week in Delhi, Xi is likely to discuss how India will be a key country in this Chinese strategy for exports both via land and maritime silk routes. Fujian will play a significant part in the grand strategy, sources in Fujian provincial government told a select group of reporters, days ahead of Xi's visit. Sources said firms from Fujian-based enterprises could also be part of landmark industrial parks that China is planning in Gujarat and Maharashtra. Announcement for these parks will be made during Xi's trip.
It is not without any reason that Fujian will be the starting point of maritime silk route. It was the starting point of the ancient maritime silk route.
Also, the Chinese president had spent 17 years from 1985 to 2002 in this coastal province when he undertook major economic reforms, pushed foreign investments and launched poverty alleviation programmes as a Communist Party leader and then governor. Fujian is close to Xi's heart and is one of the hubs for foreign investments. Sources said further strengthening business links between India and Fujian will be on Xi's agenda when he is India.
Fujian is one of the first provinces in China to open up to investments from South Asia, Southeast Asia, Asia-Pacific South Asia. Located the along coast, Fujian has inherent advantages. Many Chinese in Southeast Asian nations and Taiwan have their origin in Fujian.
Besides it has a profound marine culture involving shipbuilding, maritime industry, deep sea shipping and sea food processing industry for 4,500 years. Sources pointed out that there is industrial complementary between Fujian and countries along maritime silk route. IT industry, which is strong pillar of Fujian province, is keen to tie-up with Indian software industry. Star-net Communications, a hardware firm headquartered in Fujian exports routers and advanced switches to India. Also, the province boasts of a very developed textile industry that has international markets. ASEAN countries are natural markets for products in Fujian for their geographical proximity. At present, there are 11 enterprises from Fujian in India and it has invested $67 million in wholesale items, shoes, hydropower and telecommunications.

Sony surprises market with profitJuly 31, 2014 8:42 am
Sony surprises market by swinging into profit
By Jennifer Thompson in Tokyo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b4166ed4-1885-11e4-933e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Huawei backs British tech company XMOSJuly 20, 2014 1:57 pm
Huawei backs British tech company XMOS
By Murad Ahmed, European Technology Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7de0d9d4-0e9a-11e4-a1ae-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Huawei chief dismisses corruption probeSeptember 11, 2014 6:40 am
Huawei dismisses corruption probe as ‘routine investigation’
By Charles Clover in Tianjin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a376ac8-396e-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Overseas Direct Investment for August 2014Overseas Direct Investment for August 2014
Rice subsidy legroom may be behind India push at WTORice subsidy legroom may be the reason behind India's hard stand at World Trade Organisation
By Dilasha Seth , ET Bureau | 12 Sep, 2014, 04.33AM IST
India is not far from its 10% subsidy limit on total value of production & permanent solution to public stockpiling for food security is crucial.
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The risk of losing room to raise the minimum support price for rice possibly prompted India's hard stand at the WTO in July, which led to the collapse of trade talks.
The farm subsidy notification made by India at the WTO earlier this week shows that the subsidy to rice risks exceeding the WTO permissible limit. If there is no relief on the procurement issue, the government may be unable to increase the minimum support price (MSP) for rice.
As per data submitted after a gap of a decade, India's minimum subsidy level touched 7 per cent of the value of production for rice in 2010-11, not far from the limit of 10 per cent that could be reached by 2017. For wheat, the administered price was lower than the fixed price of 1986-88, the base on which the minimum subsidy limit is calculated.
"We will be hitting the 10 per cent ceiling for rice within a few years. That provides the rationale for India's keenness to negotiating a permanent solution for public procurement for food security," said Abhijit Das, professor at the Centre for WTO Studies.
As per the 27-page notification document, India spent $56.1 billion on support for farmers in 2010-2011. "If the 10 per cent mark is reached, then the government can either reduce MSP or reduce the quantity procured, but it will have implications on stockholding and public distribution system," said a government official.
The current WTO norms limit subsidy to 10 per cent of the total value of production of a particular crop. However, the support is calculated based on 1986-88 prices. G-33 has sought a revision of base to a more recent year or the incorporation of inflation.
India blocked the adoption of a trade facilitation pact on July 31, strongly demanding a concurrent deal on a permanent solution to public stockpiling.
India had negotiated a peace clause in Bali, a four-year window under which no country could be dragged to dispute for breaching the subsidy cap. "We will actually be requiring the exemption or the peace clause after 2017," said the official.
India's proposal on food security aims to address the problems faced by developing countries due to outdated WTO rules which base agriculture subsidy calculation on reference prices of 1986-88 even though global food prices have increased manifold since then. India has experienced an inflation of 650 per cent since 1986-88.
Administered price of rice almost doubled between 2004-05 and 2010-11 from $187 million per tonne to $329, exceeding 1986-88 reference price of $263 per tonne. The US in July asked for a review of food security and procurement schemes of developing countries.

Australia and Indonesia to end spy rift© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4aba0032-2784-11e4-be5a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lis call for fairnessAugust 31, 2014 4:57 pm
The Chinese authorities are ignoring Li’s call for fairness
Tao Jingzhou
It is essential that justice is seen to be done in corruption cases, writes Tao Jinzhou
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/170f1536-2f9c-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

I will never join Twitter: Benedict CumberbatchI will never join Twitter: Benedict Cumberbatch
Leading economies face global jobs crisisSeptember 9, 2014 4:24 pm
World’s leading economies warned over ‘global jobs crisis’
By Shawn Donnan and Sarah O’Connor in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/39c266f4-3826-11e4-a687-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Suzlon to float subsidiary in LondonSeptember 11, 2014 2:48 am
Suzlon to float subsidiary in London
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/17ec8a7a-38ec-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kerala Govt. reaffirms liquor ban commitment post SC setbackKerala Govt. reaffirms liquor ban commitment post SC setback
Bizarre surge in Australia jobs numbersSeptember 11, 2014 8:34 am
‘Bizarre’ surge in Australia jobs numbers
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/92d431d2-3975-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Power crisis looms for IndiaSeptember 9, 2014 3:11 pm
Concern grows as power crisis looms for India
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/34bcbe66-3821-11e4-b69d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Population  not politics  threatens PakistanSeptember 10, 2014 5:41 pm
Population, not politics, threatens Pakistan
By Victor Mallet
Explosion in number of inhabitants could have dire consequences
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67778df6-38ec-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex falls over 72 points to close below 27 000 for the first time in nearly two weeksSensex falls over 72 points to close below 27 000 for the first time in nearly two weeks
US presses Arabs for support as Obama vows to hit ISUS presses Arabs for support as Obama vows to hit IS
Prime accused in murder surrendersUpdated: September 12, 2014 02:21 IST
Prime accused in murder surrenders
Mohamed Nazeer
Tweet
The Hindu K. Vikraman.
K. Vikraman, prime suspect in the case of murder of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) functionary E. Manoj, surrendered before the Judicial First Class Magistrate Court here on Thursday.
Vikraman, 48, against whom the Crime Branch investigating team issued a ‘lookout’ notice, surrendered before the court in the forenoon. The court sent him in the custody of the special team probing the case till September 25.
In a dramatic development, Vikraman, who had been absconding since the murder near Kathirur on September 1, reached the court premises on the pillion seat of a two-wheeler at around 11.30 a.m. Eyewitnesses said that Vikraman, wearing a blue cap, rushed to the courtroom as soon as the motorcycle reached the court compound.
The lawyer appearing for him was already there. It is said that Vikraman had reached the court compound giving the police the slip. Some police personnel were said to have been posted there following the rumour about the possible surrender.
Vikraman had to remain in the court room till 3.30 p.m. before his case was taken up by Magistrate K. Krishnakumar. The prosecution argued that Manoj murder case was a serious crime and therefore Vikraman be given in police custody for 15 days for interrogation to know more information about the crime. The Magistrate granted the demand and ordered that Vikraman be produced before the court on September 25.

Tata Motors  Microlise join hands for fleet management servicesNew Delhi, September 11, 2014
Updated: September 11, 2014 16:16 IST
Tata Motors, Microlise join hands for fleet management services
PTI
merger, acquisition and takeover
Auto major Tata Motors has joined hands with UK-based Microlise to launch advanced telematics and fleet management services in the Indian market.
Under the partnership, which is for an initial period of five years, both sides intend to utilise their respective strengths to deliver services through Tata Fleetman platform, a vehicle management and tracking system, which the Mumbai-based auto major had launched in 2012.
While Microlise will provide the technology and solutions, Tata Motors will integrate them in its commercial vehicles and utilise its reach for service delivery.
“We have been trying to bring new technologies to the Indian automotive market. With this motive in mind, we created Tata Fleetman vehicle tracking solutions in 2012. Now with Microlise in tow, we intend to usher in latest technology in this segment,” Tata Motors Commercial Vehicles Business Unit Executive Director Ravi Pisharody told reporters.
Tata Motors would install the advanced tracking system in its trucks above 16 tonnes category in a phased manner, starting with its premium Prima truck range, he added.
The partners would also service aftermarket via offering the service to fleet owners across the country, Mr. Pisharody said.
“Besides, the partners would also offer the existing fleet owners to upgrade to the new advanced fleet management solutions by paying a nominal amount,” he added.
Currently, around 4,500 trucks use Tata Fleetman service around the country.
When asked about the potential of telematics and fleet management services in the Indian market, Mr. Pisharody said: “The current market for 6 tonnes and above trucks currently stands at around 25,000 units per month. It is just not penetrated as yet. There is huge potential for this segment to grow in the country.”
Commenting on the partnership, Microlise Managing Director Nadeem Raza said the new Tata Fleetman system would help in addressing the requirements of Indian transport companies.

Time for Arun Jaitley to let go finance or defenceTime for Arun Jaitley to let go finance or defence
Samsung readies 2 premium devices to take on...» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Samsung to launch two premium devices, Galaxy Alpha and Galaxy Note 4, to take on Apple iPhone 6
By ET Bureau | 12 Sep, 2014, 05.40AM IST
Galaxy Alpha, has a partial metallic body, 4.7-inch screen & a top-of-the-line processor. It’s the company’s bet against iPhone 6 in premium segment.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
BANGALORE: South Korean phonemaker Samsung, which has been losing market share to rivals in India, is gearing up to launch two premium devices — the Galaxy Alpha and Galaxy Note 4 — to take on the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The company has started talking to distributors and retailers to launch these devices in time for Diwali, ahead of the launch of the Apple devices in October.
Unlike previous Samsung phones that were clad in a plastic body, these will be the first Samsung phones with an external metal casing, something that iPhones have had for long. Priced a little over Rs 40,000 a piece, the Galaxy Alpha is expected to be cheaper than the new iPhone 6 but will have better features, an offline distributor briefed on Samsung's plans said.
The Galaxy Alpha, showcased by Samsung last month, has a partial metallic body, 4.7-inch screen and a top-of-the-line processor. It's the company's bet against iPhone 6 in the premium segment.
Samsung also announced the allnew Galaxy Note 4 with a 5.7-inch screen at IFA, the consumer electronics show in Berlin earlier this month. While Samsung has had big screen phones for a long time, the iPhone 6 Plus would be Apple's first such big device.
Apple's iPhones have traditionally been smaller in size. In 2010, when Apple was selling the iPhone 4, its iconic founder Steve Jobs had mocked rivals making big phones by saying that people won't buy phones if they couldn't even wrap their hands around them. Tim Cook , who took over Apple after Jobs' untimely death three years ago, has positioned the new iPhone 6 devices as phones that are "bigger than bigger".
Samsung didn't pass over the opportunity to take a dig at Apple. The South Korean company tweeted on Wednesday: "Big improvements and innovation come with change — even they thought so."
Samsung also released a graphic which actually quoted Steve Jobs: "No one is going to buy a big phone." It went on to add, "Guess who surprised themselves and changed their minds." With nearly 28 per cent market share, Samsung is the largest selling smartphone brand in the country followed by homegrown Micromax.
However, in the premium segment, it faces stiff competition from Apple's iPhone.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on Twitter Follow

Sensex Slips 62 Points To End Below 27k-Mark; Sun Pharma Down 4 PercentSensex Slips 62 Points To End Below 27k-Mark; Sun Pharma Down 4 Percent
Sensex falls for third consecutive day  Heathcare stocks fall (Roundup)Sensex falls for third consecutive day  Heathcare stocks fall (Roundup)
Providers to form 6bn supermutualSeptember 11, 2014 11:43 pm
Savings and insurance mutuals plan £6bn merger
By Andrew Bounds
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/378fa26e-39c7-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chart of the day: Brent crude Vs Nifty in past 3 yearsChart of the day: Brent crude Vs Nifty in past 3 years
Japan s Daido Steel to buy 10% stake in Sunflag Iron and SteelPiyush Goyal: Govt working on tax sops for renewable energy
Power minister Piyush Goyal says govt is working on a policy to attract investments worth $100 bn in...

IOC airlifts aviation fuel to Srinagar to aid flood reliefIOC airlifts aviation fuel to Srinagar to aid flood relief
Board of Hathway Cable & Datacom approves preferential allotment of sharesBoard of Hathway Cable & Datacom approves preferential allotment of shares
Rupee snaps two-day fall by a whisker; data in focusRupee snaps two-day fall by a whisker; data in focus
Delhi set for a  makeover  as Naidu rolls out action planPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 8:57 pm
Aiming to give Delhi a facelift, Urban Development Ministry Thursday firmed up an action plan to ensure a “clean and green” capital city, with major focus on sanitation, waste disposal and upkeep of public places, to improve the quality of life of its residents.
In a meeting with all stakeholders, Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu chalked out a detailed three-pronged strategy – short term, medium term and long term – to carry out the beautification drive by various concerned agencies.
Emphasising the need for concerted efforts to ensure a “clean and green” Delhi, Naidu noted that the general public perception of management of public places and utilities is very poor and needed to be changed through a special drive which is to be sustained till the objective is realised.
DDA will undertake tree plantation, streetscape improvement through improved signages, street lighting, street furniture and public conveniences besides revival of 59 water bodies and building of toilets on BOT basis in parks and public areas, said a senior Urban Development Ministry official.
Removal of garbage, encroachments from roads and footpaths and repair and painting of the same, cleaning and facelift of urinals and declogging of drainage system to prevent water logging are some of the short term measures to be taken as immediate action by Delhi government.
The short term measures also include cleanliness drive in bus terminals, hospitals and educational institutions, commissioning of stretch of first phase of Interceptor Sewer and removal of green waste and litter from parks and gardens, as per the firmed up plan.
For medium term measures, the action plan envisages notification of sanitation by-laws, outsourcing maintenance and management of toilets and urinals and provision of additional toilets on build operate and transfer (BOT) basis.
Introduction of door-to-door waste collection service and segregation of wastes at household level and establishing waste processing and waste to energy plants at Ghazipur, Narela and Bawana are finalised in the medium term measures.
As far as long term plans are concerned, the Ministry decided on evolving zero waste management, green waste processing and introduction of GPS and IT based monitoring of waste collection and disposal system.
The official said DDA was asked too undertake measures to enable upgraded facilities through provision of 25 children’s parks, play fields in 80 parks, open gyms in 20 parks, shelters, food kiosks, solar lighting, open spaces and plazas.
Knowledge Parks for children would be promoted by DDA and one such park for differently abled children will be developed at Sector-21 in Dwarka at a cost of Rs 14 crore.
DDA would also generate 1 MW of solar energy in the next six months for which an MoU has already been signed continued…

SC relief to Sahara chief Subrata Roy  grants him 15 days more to finalise hotel dealsPrint
Roy was allowed to come out of his cell on the condition he would swiftly finalise the deals and deposit Rs 10,000 crore with SEBI to get bail.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 4:33 pm | Updated: September 8, 2014 4:51 pm
In a relief to the Sahara group chief Subrata Roy , the Supreme Court on Monday granted him 15 working days more to finalise negotiations regarding the three hotels abroad .
A bench led by Justice T S Thakur allowed Sahara’s application while also making it clear this would be the last extension of time and he must close the deals by the extended period to enable him finalise the negotiations so as to fulfill the Rs 10,000 crore bail condition.
Roy and two other directors have been allowed by the court to stay in the conference room of Delhi’s Tihar Jail, with video-conferencing facilities, so as to facilitate him negotiate with the prospective buyers of the group’s two hotels in New York and one in London. Roy was allowed to come out of his cell on the condition he would swiftly finalise the deals and deposit Rs 10,000 crore with SEBI to get bail.
Appearing before a bench led by Justice T S Thakur, Roy’s counsel senior advocate S Ganesh sought 15 days’ more time in the wake of the sudden developments that had threatened the deals with Sultan of Brunei.
He submitted that there were huge protests outside the hotels after media reports that Sultan of Brunei was buying the properties.
“Following this, there have been very violent protests outside the hotels and the buyers are reconsidering the deal which is now on the verge of being collapsed, although we are trying our best to salvage it” Ganesh told the court.
He urged the court to grant a fortnight more to hold negotiations with some other prospective buyers. “It is very unfortunate incident and it is a setback for us. It is beyond our control,” he said.
The court allowed his plea but reminded him that he would have to arrange for a lot more money once he comes out.
Roy was allowed to come out of his cell on the condition he would swiftly finalise the deals and deposit Rs 10,000 crore with SEBI to get bail.

Superyacht spats in rougher legal watersSeptember 11, 2014 8:15 pm
Superyacht spats sail into rougher legal waters
By Jane Croft
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4dff66ca-3363-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Intex Tech launches smartphone at Rs 2 999Intex Tech launches smartphone at Rs 2 999
Energy firms look to Turkey for expansionRatan Tata invests in online jewellery store
Tata invests in Bluestone, his second such investment in e-commerce in less than two weeks.
Economy
Sep 12, 2014
Had Manmohan Singh stood by his beliefs, fate of Indian economy would have been very different: Vinod Rai
This is one of the scathing observations made by former CAG Vinod Rai in his yet-to-be released book...

Sundaram Clayton appoints Sudarshan Venu as directorSep 11, 2014, 09.53 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sundaram Clayton appoints Sudarshan Venu as director
Sundaram Clayton has informed that Mr. Sudarshan Venu, director, has been appointed as Joint Managing Director of the Company for a period of five years effective September 2014 on such terms and conditions of appointment and remuneration, subject to the approval of the shareholders in the next general meeting.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sundaram Clayton appoints Sudarshan Venu as director
Sundaram Clayton has informed that Mr. Sudarshan Venu, director, has been appointed as Joint Managing Director of the Company for a period of five years effective September 2014 on such terms and conditions of appointment and remuneration, subject to the approval of the shareholders in the next general meeting.
Post your opinion here
 
Sundaram Clayton Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Sudarshan Venu, director, has been appointed as Joint Managing Director of the Company for a period of five years effective September 2014 on such terms and conditions of appointment and remuneration, subject to the approval of the shareholders in the next general meeting.In this regard, the Company has issued a Press Statement.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

India s Debt Limit Auction Attracts Strong Foreign Investor DemandSebi Censures BSE for OFS Lapses; Detailed Probe Underway
Mumbai:
India attracted Rs 4,963 crore worth of bids from foreign investors in its auction of government debt limits on Thursday, much higher than the Rs 3,017 crore on offer, according to two dealers.
The cutoff was 5.7 basis points (bps), much higher than the 0.0036 bps seen in the previous auction for Rs 3,208 crore last month.
Traders attributed the stronger demand to expectations that any increase in unrestricted debt limits for foreign investors would not happen anytime soon, making these auctions the only sure way to ensure allocation of Indian debt.
Although foreign investors can buy up to $25 billion in government debt without restrictions, India resorts to auctions once they reach 90 per cent of that limit.
These auctions sell bond quotas that provide foreign investors the right to invest in debt up to the limit bought.
Foreign investors have piled into Indian debt amid rising confidence in the country's economic growth prospects and the central bank's strong fight against inflation.
Following are the details of the government debt auction to FIIs.
Cutoff: 5.7 basis points
Highest bid: 8.0 basis point
Bids received: Rs 4,963 crore
On offer: Rs 3,017 crore
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

India Inc invests $1.25b overseas in August  down 49%India Inc invests $1.25b overseas in August  down 49%
Facebook sorry after rejecting dads ad to help babyNew York, September 11, 2014
Updated: September 11, 2014 15:17 IST
Facebook sorry after rejecting dad’s ad to help baby
IANS
AP Facebook has apologised to a father after rejecting his advertisement which was for the donation for his son's treatment.
TOPICS
science and technology
Bond’s parents sought Facebook’s help to raise $75,000 needed for the surgery by posting the baby’s photo in a hospital bed, ABC11 reported.
Facebook has apologised to a father after rejecting his advertisement on the social networking site asking people to donate money for his two-month-old son’s heart transplant.
Hudson Bond has been diagnosed with the heart disease called cardiomyopathy (pertaining to abnormal heart muscle).
Bond’s parents sought Facebook’s help to raise $75,000 needed for the surgery by posting the baby’s photo in a hospital bed, ABC11 reported.
Facebook replied to the ad, saying the photo was “scary, gory or sensational and evokes a negative response”.
“Images including accidents, car crashes, dead and dismembered bodies, ghosts, zombies, ghouls and vampires are not allowed,” it replied.
Later, Facebook issued an apology, allowing the photo to stay on the site.
“I read Facebook’s response on media outlets. They apologised for the inconvenience this caused my family,” father Kevin Bond said in a Facebook post.
According to Facebook, the post could now be boosted to amplify its reach.
The family has so far raised almost $30,000 for Hudson’s heart transplant.

K taka new industrial policy targets Rs 5 lakh cr investmentK taka new industrial policy targets Rs 5 lakh cr investment
Sensex closes at new record peak; Nifty touches lifetime high of 8 173Sensex ends 293.15 pts up at new closing peak of 27,319.85; Nifty gains 87.05 pts to lifetime high of 8,173.90. (Reuters)
Press Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 8, 2014 10:14 am | Updated: September 8, 2014 8:32 pm
On Monday after a short breather, Sensex and Nifty scaled new peaks by surging 293 points and 87 points respectively as overseas funds increased bets on growth optimism and a lower oil price gave a boost to sentiments.
In step with the rise in broader equity indices after two straight sessions of decline previously, rupee also firmed up and hit 60.19 levels against the US dollar.
On Monday the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex resumed strong on the back of rally on Wall Street last Friday. It gradually moved up further to an intra-trade peak of 27,354.99 before logging a life-time closing high of 27,319.85 – a rise of 293.15 points or 1.08 per cent. In previous two sessions, it had fallen by 113.33 points or 0.42 per cent.
On Monday it surpassed its previous all-time intra-day peak of 27,225.85 and closing high of 27,139.94 hit on September 3.
Among Sensex stocks, Hindalco stole the show, rising by 3.49 per cent. Overall, 26 Sensex stocks ended higher. Gainers included Axis Bank, Bajaj Auto, HDFC Bank, Infosys and ONGC.
The broad-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also commenced higher and rallied further to hit a new intra-day peak of 8,180.20 before recording new closing high of 8,173.90, up 87.05 points or 1.08 per cent.
It also surpassed previous all-time intra-day peak of 8,141.90 and closing high of 8,114.60 hit on September 3.
“FII buying in equity segment and easing crude oil prices further boosted market sentiment. Almost all sectors saw buying interest, as hopes for implementation of better reforms by new government keeps the market spirit high,” said Nidhi Saraswat, Senior Research Analyst, Bonanza Portfolio.
Oil & gas shares were at the forefront. Brent crude for October lost 46 cents to USD 100.31 in afternoon trade after subdued US jobs data fuelled demand concerns and on a cease-fire between Russia and Ukraine.
A lower crude price will help India, which imports about 80 per cent of oil needs, to contain CAD and fiscal deficit.
Persistent foreign fund buying is the force behind the rally. Data showed FPIs/FIIs bought shares worth Rs 4,813.38 crore las-t week, including September 5 provisional data.
Buying was seen in most sectors, as 11 out of 12 sectoral indices gained between 0.26 per cent and 1.79 per cent. Oil&Gas, FMCG, Bankex, Metal and IT shares took the lead.
Smallcap and midcap shares saw heavy buying as well.
Equity brokers said after two days of consolidation, activity gathered momentum ahead of key macro economic data releases, including IIP and inflation, later this week.
Tyre shares were in the limelight on hopes that recent sharp fall in rubber prices could boost the profitability of these companies. Apollo Tyre, Ceat Tyres, Dunlop India, Falcon Tyre, Goodyear India, JK Tyres, MRF and TVS continued…

Gold dips as Fed meeting draws closerSep 12, 2014, 12.32 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Gold dips as Fed meeting draws closer
Gold dips as Fed meeting draws closer
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gold dips as Fed meeting draws closer
Gold dips as Fed meeting draws closer
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Gold prices slipped on Thursday as investors avoided the yellow metal ahead of the Federal Reserve's statement on monetary policy meeting next week, which many bet will see further cuts to the U.S. central bank's monthly bond-buying program.
On the Comex division of the New York Mercantile Exchange, gold futures for December delivery traded at 1,239.50 a troy ounce during U.S. trading, down 0.47%, up from a session low of $1,235.80 and off a high of $1,250.80.
The December contract settled down 0.26% at $1,245.30 on Wednesday.
Futures were likely to find support at $1,235.20 a troy ounce, the low from Jan. 23, and resistance at $1,279.20, last Thursday's high.
Gold extended multi-session losses on expectations for the Federal Reserve to wind down its bond-buying program in October and hike interest rates in 2015, likely sooner than later.
Loose monetary policies such as stimulus programs bolster gold due to its appeal as a hedge to a weaker dollar, while talk of tightening has the opposite effect.
The Fed is widely seen cutting its monthly bond-buying program by $10 billion to $15 billion at its Sept. 16-17 meeting before possibly closing it in October.
A Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco report published on Monday suggested rate hikes may come sooner than markets may be expecting, and investors hope next week's statement will provide similar clues.
Despite disappointments here and there, U.S. economic indicators collectively point to a recovery that is gaining steam.
Still, losses were somewhat limited, as expectations for physical demand to rise in Asia due to seasonal factors gave the commodity some support.
Meanwhile, silver for December delivery was down 1.58% at $18.627 a troy ounce, while copper futures for December delivery were down 0.57% at $3.093 a pound.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Concerted policy push to add 69 mn non-agriculture  11 mn manufacturing jobs: CrisilRatan Tata invests in online jewellery store
Tata invests in Bluestone, his second such investment in e-commerce in less than two weeks.
Economy
Sep 12, 2014
Had Manmohan Singh stood by his beliefs, fate of Indian economy would have been very different: Vinod Rai
This is one of the scathing observations made by former CAG Vinod Rai in his yet-to-be released book...

Sun s Halol audit may be a routine exercise: ExpertSun s Halol audit may be a routine exercise: Expert
Uber price overcomes obstaclesRead the story
As someone who makes his living off of a website, I'm sure slow to adapt to technology.
I finally came around and tried Uber, the ride-sharing service that allows you to hire a car via your smartphone.
It takes a little getting used to strangers picking you up in their own car and driving you, but I'm over that now. It's easy and cheaper than taxis in Chicago.
A nighttime misadventure in June, though, made me wonder whether these ultrapopular ride-sharing services are worth it.
My wife and I had just eaten dinner at Gilt Bar, by the Merchandise Mart. As we left, we saw taxis lined up out front, waiting for fares, so we felt a little guilty using our phone to call an Uber car. As we stood on the sidewalk, one scruffy-faced taxi driver was staring at us as if he couldn't believe it. He had a big scowl and just seemed to know that we were waiting for an Uber ride. But in three minutes, the uncomfortable face-off was over. An Uber-affiliated Toyota Prius pulled up and we were on our way home — or so we thought.
The first sign of trouble was when the driver didn't know how to get to the Kennedy Expressway. OK, we thought. He plugged our address into his phone, but that didn't end the confusion. We wanted him to avoid Ogden Avenue and go a different route, but he couldn't comprehend that idea. Eventually we blundered our way to Interstate 94 and made our way home.
The trip would have been five minutes shorter if we had gone with the scowling cabbie, but, hey, no big deal. The zigzagging trip home wasn't the end to the confusion, however.
This will be ok for a while but when the cab company's refuse to pay fees that über is getting around the city's will change there tune.
eatank

Had Manmohan Singh put his foot down  history would have been different: Vinod RaiRatan Tata invests in online jewellery store
Tata invests in Bluestone, his second such investment in e-commerce in less than two weeks.
Economy
Sep 12, 2014
Had Manmohan Singh stood by his beliefs, fate of Indian economy would have been very different: Vinod Rai
This is one of the scathing observations made by former CAG Vinod Rai in his yet-to-be released book...

Indian rupee to hold at Rs 58-62 against US dollar: BofAPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 4:40 pm
The appreciation in the US dollar notwithstanding, the rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, says a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report.
The global brokerage firm further said that the Reserve Bank of India would need to raise USD 40 billion by March 2016, just to maintain import cover at the present eight months.
It said the factors that are supporting the Indian rupee include softening of oil prices, the continuation of gold import curbs and rising FII equity inflows.
“We expect the RBI to hold Rs 58-62/USD for now even though the US Dollar has strengthened below 1.30/Euro,” BofA-ML said in a research note, adding that rising FII equity inflows at USD 9.6 billion so far this fiscal has also led to a helping hand to the rupee.
The rupee today recovered by 15 paise to 60.24 against the dollar in early trade on increased selling of the American currency by exporters and banks amid sustained foreign fund inflows.
“We continue to expect RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan to buy FX at Rs 58+/USD to guard against contagion,” the report noted.
Rajan has also said that RBI is preparing for any rate hikes by the US Federal Reserve by building an adequate level of foreign exchange.
“Any emerging market today is going to look at the currency volatility and say ‘whatever money comes in, I’m going to be careful about it, I’m going to build some reserves..,” he had said in Chicago last week.
According to the BofA-ML report, restrictions on gold imports is expected to contain the current account deficit at 1.7 per cent of GDP in FY15.
The rupee would price-in the eventual liberalisation of gold imports and this in turn would push up the current account deficit to 2.4 per cent of GDP in FY16, especially if pent up demand leads to a jump in gold imports, it added.
According to BofA-ML gold price is expected to be at USD 1375/oz in 2015.

IDFCs Rs 1 000 cr QIP draws big investor interestIDFC Ltd’s Rs 1,000 crore QIP draws big investor interest
By Anita Bhoir & Saikat Das, ET Bureau | 12 Sep, 2014, 05.19AM IST
0
Share More
The issue has been priced at Rs 137 per share, an 8.6% discount to the stock’s Thursday close of Rs 150.05 on the BSE.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Domestic institutional investors on Thursday lapped up infrastructure financier IDFC Ltd's Rs 1,000-crore qualified institutional placement (QIP).
ICICI Prudential Life Insurance , ICICI Prudential Mutual Funds , Reliance Mutual Fund , SBI Life , Birla Mutual Fund , Tata Mutual Fund , Axis Bank and Aviva were the prominent investors in the QIP, according to people close to the development.
The issue has been priced at Rs 137 per share, an 8.6 per cent discount to the stock's Thursday close of Rs 150.05 on the BSE. IDFC had fixed a floor price of Rs 143.70 per share. The sale is being done to comply with a Reserve Bank of India rule that mandates maximum foreign shareholding of 49 per cent in a private sector bank.
"We saw investor interest to the tune of Rs 2,000 crore,'' said a banker with knowledge of the development. "The institution that needs only about Rs 850 crore to adhere to the Reserve Bank of India requirement to reduce foreign holding to below 50 per cent has decided to retain Rs 1,000 crore.'' The IDFC spokesperson was not available for comment.
Foreign institutional investors hold 51.81 per cent stake in IDFC. The infrastructure financier is in talks with domestic mutual funds and insurance companies that hold 29.6 per cent and will automatically become prospective investors for the offering.
IDFC, which was awarded an inprinciple banking licence along with Bandhan Financial Services, has a balance sheet of aboutRs 60,000 crore. Credit Suisse Group AG, ICICI Securities, JP Morgan and IDFC Securities are lead managers to the issue.
IDFC is keen to start its banking operations by October. It has appointed Ravi Shankar from Fullerton India Credit to head the bank's rural banking initiative and Pavan Pal Kaushal, earlier with consulting firm E&Y, as the chief risk officer. Avtar Monga, formerly with Bank of America-Merill Lynch , was brought in to head operations and technology. Ajay Mahajan, formerly with Yes Bank , will be leading the markets and institutional banking team.
The infrastructure lending firm is expected to name its banking entity IDFC Bank . It is expected to start its banking venture by entering the home loan space.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sebi pulls up BSE for lapses in NMDC disinvestmentBS Reporters |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 10:47 PM IST
Sebi pulls up BSE for lapses in NMDC disinvestment
Asks it to appoint consultant, fix responsibility; calls for more detailed probe
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Thursday censured BSE for a matter related to allocations in the Rs 6,000-crore NMDC offer for sale (OFS) in 2012.
The exchange had confirmed orders for 45.5 million NMDC shares after the stipulated time. Bids by Citibank NA were confirmed between 6:22 pm and 6:30 pm, not within half an hour of the post-close session, as stipulated under Sebi norms.
In his order, Prashant Saran, Sebi’s whole-time member, said, “BSE is hereby directed to engage one or more independent consultants to review the entire sequence of events in the matter, the process followed, the checks in place and the systems employed while accepting the OFS bids by BSE. The consultant should bring out the shortcomings, if any, and suggest remedial measures within a period of three months.”
“Sebi is advised to conduct a detailed probe into the confirmation of bids by Citibank NA,” the order added.
The regulator said BSE hadn’t informed it of the error, adding it was only after BSE raised the final figure of the bid by 45.5 million shares that an explanation was sought and provided.
An email sent to a BSE spokesperson did not receive an immediate reply.
In March 2012, disinvestment worth about Rs 13,000 crore in Oil and Natural Gas Corporation was hit by technical glitches, which bourses claimed had taken place at the custodian-level. They said some orders might have been erroneously rejected on account of the glitches.
The regulator noted that the BSE did not intimate Sebi about the error. It was only after BSE revised the final figures of the bid upward by 4.55 crore shares, that an explanation was sought and provided.
An email sent to a BSE spokesperson did not immediately receive a reply.
 Advertisements

Surinder Koli s mother meets him in jail after eight yearsKanti said that Surinder told her he was made a scapegoat in order to save influential people.
Press Trust of India | Meerut | Posted: September 11, 2014 5:45 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 7:25 pm
Death-row convict Surinder Koli’s mother on Thursday  met her son for the first time in eight years since he was lodged in jail for Nithari serial killings.
68-year-old Kanti Koli who travelled from Mangrukhlal village in Almora town in Uttarakhand, met Surinder at Meerut jail today for 45 minutes.
Talking to reporters after the meeting, Kanti said that Surinder told her he was made a scapegoat in order to save influential people, apparently referring to his employer Moninder Singh Pandher.
Kanti further said, “If Pandher was not given capital punishment, my son should also be spared from it. If my son is hanged, Pandher should also be hanged.”
42-year-old Surinder Koli was awarded death sentence by a lower court, which was upheld by the Allahabad High Court and confirmed by the Supreme Court on February 15, 2011 for the murder of Rimpa Halder in 2005. He was to be hanged on September 12 in Meerut jail , where he has been kept in a high-security barrack.
The Supreme Court on September 8 stayed the execution of his death sentence for a period of one week. Alleging that Surinder has been made a scapegoat in the case, Kanti said, the main culprit is Pandher as killings took place inside his house.
“I do not believe that my son can commit this crime,” the grief-stricken mother said. She was meeting Koli  for the first time after eight years and was accompanied by panchayat member of Mangrukhlal, Narayan Singh Rawat and other members of her village.
Koli was awarded death sentence for the murder of Rimpa Halder in 2005.

Auto component industry sees good days aheadCapacity building in auto parts industry expected to rebound 80-90 per cent
By Nabeel A Khan, ET Bureau | 12 Sep, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
Capacity utilisation in the auto component segment, which has come down to 60%, is expected to rebound to 80-90% in the next two-three years.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: After a lull of two years, positive sentiment has returned to the automotive component industry, and companies are considering investment in capacity building as they expect demand to return. Component supplier Uno Mindia Group is looking at expansion.
"We are quite bullish and see that the market has bottomed out and a revival is around the corner," chairman and managing director Nirmal Minda said. "I hope that soon our capacities will be fully utilised and we need to have additional capacity." Nirmal Minda is considering a new plant in Gujarat to manufacture alloy wheels.
Another component maker, National Engineering Industries , a CK Birla Group company, is investing Rs 500 crore towards setting up of a new plant, also in Gujarat.
The component industry had been struggling for the past two years due to subdued demand, as auto makers cut back on production in a slowing economy. The vehicle manufacturing industry is now showing signs of a pickup - car sales have grown for four straight months through August while volumes of commercial vehicles have turned positive in the past month for the first time in two and half years.
Capacity utilisation in the auto component segment, which has come down to 60 per cent, is expected to rebound to 80-90 per cent in the next two-three years. In 2013-14, the segment's total revenue declined by 11.5per cent from a year earlier to $35.1 billion, leading also to major job cuts during this period. "The government has instilled confidence in the market with assurance of positive policy changes. We hope that by the fiscal year 2014-15, capacity utilisation will go up to 90 per cent," Harish Lakshman, president of the Automotive Component Manufacturers Association of India (ACMA), said on the sidelines of the industry body's 54th annual conference here.
Vikram Kirloskar , vice chairman of Toyota Kirloskar Motor and president of the Society of India Automobiles Manufactures , said the component industry should be prepared for an uptake in vehicle manufacturing so that it doesn't suffer from capacity constraint when demand picks up. Offering his support, heavy industries minister Anant Geete said the government is committed to ensuring positive and conducive environment for auto manufacturers so that they can compete with their global rivals. On extension of the current excise duty concessions beyond December, Geete said the government is already discussing the matter. "We will take the decision at an appropriate time," he said.
Under the current scheme introduced earlier this year, small cars, scooters, motorcycles and commercial vehicles attract an 8 per cent excise duty, compared with 12 per cent previously. The duty on large cars is 24 per cent compared with 27 per cent earlier, and on midsize cars 20 per cent, down from 24 per cent previously. A joint report of ACMA and McKinsey forecast automotive component to be a $100-billion industry by 2020, compared with $35.1 billion now.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sensex extends losses  sheds 62 ptsSensex extends losses  sheds 62 pts
Kerry Says Defeating ISIS is a Long-Term Effortkerry says defeating isis is a long-term effort
Effective stock market regulation: India slips in global rankingPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 8, 2014 2:52 pm
Indian capital markets may be riding high on positive investor sentiments, but the latest report by World Economic Forum (WEF) shows that the country has plunged 35 places to 62nd rank in terms of effective regulation of the stock exchanges.
The country, last year, stood at the 27th spot for effective regulation and supervision of securities exchanges.
South Africa is on the top followed by Finland, Hong Kong SAR, Luxembourg and Singapore in this category, says the report.
Besides, neighbouring countries Pakistan and China are also placed at a better position than India on the parameter at 51 and 58 position respectively.
The findings are part of WEF’s Global Competitiveness report 2014-15, where India has been ranked among a total 144 countries across the globe.
The performance review was based on 12 pillars including development of the financial markets. A value of 1 for regulation of exchanges implies ‘not at all effective’ while 7 represents ‘extremely effective’.
Meanwhile, the country has also slipped to the 39th place from 18th rank in terms of easiness for companies to raise money by issuing shares on the stock market, the report said.
Hong Kong SAR followed by Taiwan, China and South Africa were found to be countries where raising money through equity markets was the easiest.
Meanwhile, India has shown improvement with regard to strength of investor protection.
The country has been ranked at 34th place along with Pakistan, Montenegro and Chile, among others, in the report.
WEF’s last year report had ranked India at 41st position with regard to ‘strength in investor protection’.
A host of positive developments on domestic as well as global front has helped the Indian capital markets go on winning spree in the recent times.
According to a report by Bank of America Merrill Lynch, the Indian benchmark Sensex is the best performing index among major global markets so far in 2014 and is expected to double over the next four years.
Continuing their record setting spree, both the benchmark indices, Sensex and Nifty surged to their historic intra-day peaks of 27,225.85 and Nifty 8,141.90 last week on aggressive buying as a result of strong foreign capital inflows on the back of robust economic growth.

Here s How The New Apple Products Will Make Your Everyday Life Easierreddit
We're sure you can you remember a time when there was not an app for everything, but would you want to?
With Apple's latest announcement on Tuesday , the company is now trying to ensure that when there's an app for something, it requires as little time as possible and as few as one click (or one swipe). We've highlighted five pretty awesome things the new Apple products are reported to do that will most certainly make your daily lives a little bit easier.
1. You'll be able to pay for your restaurant check in a matter of seconds, without using cash or a credit card.
Apple's trying to do away with the cumbersome hassle that is a physical wallet. Enter: ApplePay, the digital payment service built in to the iPhone 6 and the Apple Watch. OpenTable announced that it integrated the software into its app , so customers who made their dinner reservations with the service will be able to pay their bill with their phone.
2. You'll be able to know of immediate sales and discounts when you're shopping at Whole Foods or at Macy's.
Gil Lauria, a Wedbush Securities analyst, spoke of a very enticing scenario to the Wall Street Journal : "Imagine walking through Macy's and getting an offer for 15% off sent right to your phone and then being able to apply that just by flashing your phone at the register." That means no more clipping coupons or searching online for the best sales at stores.
3. Travel apps will let you track your baggage and open your hotel door from your phone or watch.
American Airlines has already created an app for the Apple Watch that will allow you to track your baggage. Apple announced that W Hotels is also working on an app that would allow a customer to unlock her hotel room door by waving her device in front of the door.
4. There will likely be shorter lines at Disney World.
Walt Disney World is another company that enthusiastically jumped onboard the ApplePay system . Available to guests right before the Christmas season, visitors at the theme park or at Disney stores will be able to make a variety of purchases at the click (or swipe) of a button.
5. Siri will turn on the lights and start your coffee machine every single morning.
With the new iOs 8 software comes the addition of HomeKit, Apple's framework for complete home automation . Apps will be made to work with Siri so that an owner can control appliances around their home. Apple announced that the company has already partnered up with manufacturers including iHome, Phillips and Haier.
Also on HuffPost:

Rice subsidy legroom may be behind India pus...Rice subsidy legroom may be the reason behind India's hard stand at World Trade Organisation
By Dilasha Seth , ET Bureau | 12 Sep, 2014, 04.33AM IST
India is not far from its 10% subsidy limit on total value of production & permanent solution to public stockpiling for food security is crucial.
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The risk of losing room to raise the minimum support price for rice possibly prompted India's hard stand at the WTO in July, which led to the collapse of trade talks.
The farm subsidy notification made by India at the WTO earlier this week shows that the subsidy to rice risks exceeding the WTO permissible limit. If there is no relief on the procurement issue, the government may be unable to increase the minimum support price (MSP) for rice.
As per data submitted after a gap of a decade, India's minimum subsidy level touched 7 per cent of the value of production for rice in 2010-11, not far from the limit of 10 per cent that could be reached by 2017. For wheat, the administered price was lower than the fixed price of 1986-88, the base on which the minimum subsidy limit is calculated.
"We will be hitting the 10 per cent ceiling for rice within a few years. That provides the rationale for India's keenness to negotiating a permanent solution for public procurement for food security," said Abhijit Das, professor at the Centre for WTO Studies.
As per the 27-page notification document, India spent $56.1 billion on support for farmers in 2010-2011. "If the 10 per cent mark is reached, then the government can either reduce MSP or reduce the quantity procured, but it will have implications on stockholding and public distribution system," said a government official.
The current WTO norms limit subsidy to 10 per cent of the total value of production of a particular crop. However, the support is calculated based on 1986-88 prices. G-33 has sought a revision of base to a more recent year or the incorporation of inflation.
India blocked the adoption of a trade facilitation pact on July 31, strongly demanding a concurrent deal on a permanent solution to public stockpiling.
India had negotiated a peace clause in Bali, a four-year window under which no country could be dragged to dispute for breaching the subsidy cap. "We will actually be requiring the exemption or the peace clause after 2017," said the official.
India's proposal on food security aims to address the problems faced by developing countries due to outdated WTO rules which base agriculture subsidy calculation on reference prices of 1986-88 even though global food prices have increased manifold since then. India has experienced an inflation of 650 per cent since 1986-88.
Administered price of rice almost doubled between 2004-05 and 2010-11 from $187 million per tonne to $329, exceeding 1986-88 reference price of $263 per tonne. The US in July asked for a review of food security and procurement schemes of developing countries.

14th Finance Commission arrives at Tirupathi in Andhra Pradesh14th Finance Commission arrives at Tirupathi in Andhra Pradesh
Delhi: Sheila Dikshit backs BJP bid to form govt  stuns CongressComments
Former Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Thursday said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) should be given an opportunity to form the government in Delhi, evoking strong reaction from her party colleagues.
Dikshit told news agency Asian News International (ANI) that if BJP leaders were claiming they had the numbers, then they must have been saying so with a “sense of responsibility”.  
“I am glad that the people of Delhi will get an elected government maybe. And if the BJP is claiming that they will be able to form a government, I think they should be put to the test. The BJP’s claim must have some basis as the president of their party is saying so,” Dikshit, who recently returned to Delhi after spending seven months in Kerala as the state’s governor, told ANI.
The Congress, however, was quick to distance itself from the comments with party leaders claiming that whatever Dikshit said was her personal opinion. Delhi Congress spokesperson Mukesh Sharma was the first one to react and immediately found support in senior party colleagues and AICC general secretaries Shakeel Ahmad and Ajay Maken.
 
Watch: Sheila Dikshit backs BJP
The party, though, was in favour of dissolution of the House and fresh elections in the Capital.
“Sheila Ji’s comments on govt formation in Delhi may be her personal opinion. Congress MLAs & AICC r totally against extending support to BJP (sic),” Ahmad tweeted.
Shiela Ji's comments on Govt formation in Delhi may be her personal opinion We are against BJP forming Govt. b'cause they don't have numbers
— Ajay Maken (@ajaymaken) September 11, 2014
Dikshit had earlier said she was talking on behalf of the people of Delhi, who deserved an elected government.
“If you do not have an elected government, then in democracy, it’s not a very suitable situation because the people do not know where to go, what to do,” said the 76-year-old.
Read: Cong disapproves of Dikshit's remarks backing BJP
Congress spokesperson Mukesh Sharma also said the party was “shocked” by Dikshit’s statement.
“We are shocked by her statement on government formation. The Congress has nothing to do with it. Our stand is very clear. We will not let the BJP form government,” Sharma said.
The Delhi BJP, however, praised Dikshit for her “straightforward” statement while the Aam Aadmi Party said that it was not surprised as “there is hardly any difference between the BJP and the Congress”.
“Sheilaji is a veteran leader. She understands the constitutional nitty-gritty and has the experience of running a government. As a political leader, her comment is mature,” Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay said.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), however, said that it was not surprised as "there is hardly any difference between BJP and Congress".
Senior party leader Ashutosh Srivastava said, "I am not surprised by Sheila Dikshit's statement because we have been saying for a long time that there is good understanding between the BJP and the Congress."
"The another reason behind her statement is that there are three FIRs against Sheila Dikshit. And if Aam Aadmi Party forms government... Sheila Dikshit will have no other option but to go to jail. She is desperate to avoid going to jail and she doesn't want investigation to happen and that's why, Congress and BJP are coming together."
(with PTI inputs)

Difficult for foreign cos to do biz in India...Difficult to do business in India, says Vodafone
By ET Bureau | 11 Sep, 2014, 06.37PM IST
Vodafone India head Marten Pieters said the company had sought government's approval in December last year to bring in funds. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Vodafone, the world's second-largest telecom service provider by subscribers, said Thursday that slow government clearances had made it difficult for foreign companies to do business in India, even as the company continues to face taxation issues in the country.
The UK-based telco, which has invested about $20 billion in India, said the Indian government should accelerate the decision-making process and facilitate market consolidation to improve the sector, which has been reeling under spectrum constraints. Vodafone India head Marten Pieters said the company had sought the government's approval in December last year to bring in funds from the parent company to buy airwaves and is still awaiting the clearances. He added that spectrum availability remains a key challenge.
"Industry structure is government's responsibility and it should make available more quantum of spectrum," he said at The Economist's India summit. In China, telecom companies are regulated and three players invested $50 billion in networks there last year. Comparatively, India put in only 10 per cent of that amount in its networks. Pieters said in India, spectrum availability is not on a par with international markets such as the US and the scarcity of airwaves is causing hurdles such as low voice quality. If the new government sets the conditions right, private industry can invest a lot more in the country and that could mitigate the general perception that doing business is India is difficult.
Pieters added that Vodafone India plans to raise equity as a lot of money goes into the purchase of spectrum. The company, which is caught in a Rs 20,000-crore tax tangle is awaiting a nod from the authorities for the equity sale. The sector regulator had proposed rules on spectrum sharing and trading but the telecom department is yet to take a final decision, Vodafone India's top executive remarked. Concepts such as the Digital India programme, financial inclusion and smart cities are close to the company's operations, he added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Restaurants in ChennaiSubscribe to our burrptastic newsletter
You are now subscribed to our newsletter - thank you!
FOLLOW US ON

ICICI Bank now joins dollar bond rush  plans to raise Rs 3 000 croreICICI Bank now joins dollar bond rush, plans to raise $500 million
By Anita Bhoir & Saikat Das, ET Bureau | 12 Sep, 2014, 07.03AM IST
The 144 Reg(s) status allows the bond to be sold to qualified institutional buyers in the US without the need to register the issue with the commission.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: ICICI Bank is in the market to raise at least $500 million (Rs 3,000 crore) through dollar bonds, two bankers familiar with the matter said, as Indian businesses continue to take on global debt as rates remain at historic lows.
The nation's largest non-state lender is offering five-and-half year paper with an initial guidance of two percentage points over US Treasury. The 5-year US Treasury bond currently yields around 1.76 per cent. "It is a 144/Reg(s) offering which is being offered to US investors also," said one of the bankers. "The proposed dollar bond is part of the $7.5 billion global medium term note" programme of ICICI Bank, he said. An ICICI Bank spokesperson couldn't be reached for comment.
The 144 Reg(s) status allows the bond to be sold to qualified institutional buyers in the US without the need to register the issue with the US Securities and Exchange Commission .
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services has assigned a 'BBB-minus' long-term issue rating to ICICI Bank's senior unsecured bonds.
According to RK Gurumurthy, head treasurer at Lakshmi Vilas Bank , it's the time of the year when European investors return from vacation and activity starts picking up in the offshore fund marketing.
With global interest rates still at historic lows, and recent statements and actions from the European, Swiss and Japanese central banks to keep interest rates negative, "borrowing costs tend to be cheaper even on a fully hedged basis", he said. Most Indian issuers would find it economically viable to raise money offshore to fund their overseas business and acquisitions, Gurumurthy added.
In the seven months through July, Indian companies raised $14.7 billion overseas, which was 26 per cent more from the year-earlier period and $4 million more than the collection for the whole of 2013. Bankers expect Indian companies and financial institutions to raise $20-22 billion of debt in 2014.
Rolta Americas, the BB-minus-rated wholly-owned subsidiary of Rolta India , raised $300 million through 5-year bonds at 8.875 per cent in July. Tata Steel issued 10-year bonds at 5.95 per cent to raise $1 billion through its unit in Singapore.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Narendra Modi wants  Swachh Bharat  to be linked with economic activityPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 9:58 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday called for making ‘Swachh Bharat’ into a mass movement and linking it to economic activity to ensure greater participation.
Chairing a high-level meeting here, he said all government departments will actively participate in the programme. Government offices up to panchayat level will be involved in a cleanliness drive that shall be carried out from September 25 till Diwali which falls on October 23.
‘Mission Swachh Bharat’ (clean India) will be launched on October 2, with Mahatma Gandhi as the inspiration, to create a clean India of his dreams by 2019, his 150th birth anniversary, a statement from the PMO said.
Modi said the pursuit of cleanliness can be an economic activity, contributing to GDP growth, reduction in healthcare costs, and a source of employment.
Linking cleanliness to tourism and global interest in India, he said world-class levels of hygiene and cleanliness are required in India’s top 50 tourist destinations, to bring about a paradigm shift in the country’s global perception.
If the people of India clean their homes around Diwali every year, why can this attitude not be extended to overall cleanliness and Swacch Bharat, Modi asked, calling for a change in governance attitude towards hygiene and sanitation.
He reiterated his vision of solid waste management and waste water management through the PPP model in 500 towns and cities across India.
In his Independence Day speech, Modi had asked everyone to be a part of the ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign and to make it a public movement rather than just a government mission.
The meeting was attended by Union ministers Arun Jaitley, M Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari, besides other senior officers.

On a boat made for twoAugust 1, 2014 5:22 pm
Honeymoon on a boat made for two
By Sophy Roberts
A single-cabin vessel in Indonesia has been built for a love affair – one of a growing number of luxury boats designed for a honeymoon at sea
Alexa, a single-cabin former cargo ship, sails around Flores and Komodo in eastern Indonesia
Alexa in full sail
A cushioned reclining area on Alexa’s deck
Discovery is a converted rice barge that charts the lakes, rivers and channels of Kerala, India
Discovery’s interior, designed by Joerg Drechsel and Txuku Iriarte
Discovery on one of Kerala’s waterways
Princess Junk, a traditional junk that sails Halong Bay, Vietnam
©8fotos
The table is set for dinner on the deck of Princess Junk
Song Xanh sampans operate in the Mekong Delta in southern Vietnam
Each cylindrical sampan is 60ft long, with a double room...
...and a crew of four
Previous image
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
The swell of our boat’s white sail has turned a pale pink. The sandbars are rose, from crushed red coral, while the sea and distant islands are washed in the same blush palette. It is late in the day, and the ash rising in a column from Sangeang Api volcano is filtering the sunlight. Two weeks earlier, however, the scene had been considerably less romantic. The deck was covered in two centimetres of ash from the volcano, which on May 30 emitted a vast plume, grounding flights all over the region.
Perhaps that’s why I like to watch the smouldering crater. Without some threat of darkness, this trip – a three-night island-hopping cruise for couples, around Flores and Komodo in Eeastern Indonesia – might feel too much like the rose-tinted fantasy of the honeymoon industry.
More
Set sail in luxury boats designed for a honeymoon
The new boat I’m travelling on, Alexa, is probably the most exclusive single-cabin boat on the market – not just in Indonesia but anywhere in the world. When I first catch sight of it in the port of Labuan Bajo, Alexa is moored beside the black-sailed Alila Purnama – another new luxury phinisi, which sleeps 10 guests. Alexa – for two – doesn’t appear dramatically smaller than the other double-masted traditional schooners in the harbour, but its all-white colour scheme turns heads like no other, giving it the air of a swan on the water. The only shots of colour are cobalt cushions, ammonite-shaped plates, and some caramel Russian cut-crystal glasses that are constantly topped up by a staff of eight, which includes a scuba-diving master, chef, masseur and German cruise director. The latter manages the itinerary, be it swimming with manta rays, setting up beach barbecues, or searching for Komodo dragons along the shorelines.
Veronika Blomgren, Alexa’s Bali-based owner, describes visiting Bira, a bustling shipyard in Sulawesi, and how the boatbuilders thought her mad for tearing apart a traditional cargo ship only to put back in a single cabin. “I was in love,” is all Blomgren says by way of explanation. She is now designing an entire fleet, all sharing the same white livery.
Alexa's deck
The concept of a single-cabin boat may be mad, but Alexa isn’t the only vessel catering for honeymooners who want to throw off the conventions of a hotel for the freedom of a boat. For example, Inshallah, a traditional 40ft sailing dhow newly launched at Ibo Island Lodge in northern Mozambique, may sleep six, but a quarter of all August’s upcoming charters are for honeymooning couples. They cruise the Quirimbas archipelago with a guide, butler and local crew, sleeping in mobile fly-camps set up on uninhabited islands. Burgess, a charter company with offices in London, Monaco and the US, reports a similar demand.
But single-cabin boats – built for two, as opposed to larger vessels chartered by couples – have a particular cachet. “To be comfortable, a boat needs to be of a reasonable size,” says Michael Fenton, founder of The Yacht House, which specialises in all-inclusive charters in unusual parts of the world. “The cost of outfitting that space with one or four bedrooms comes to more or less the same. So when you see those [economic] rules broken – Alexa being the best example – it is incredibly seductive.”
Among the boats on offer is Bastarda, in the Aegean, newly built by one of Bodrum’s most important traditional boatbuilders, Mustafa Kivircik. This sailing tirhandil – a “double-ender”, the boat of choice for sponge divers for the past two centuries in these waters – is constructed in teak and mahogany with a V-shaped main bed in the master cabin (the skipper sleeps on deck or in the salon).
Operating on the Mekong Delta, in southwest Vietnam, the Song Xanh Sampans are four 60ft-long boats, each with a double room and crew of four. They are nothing fancy, but they are appropriate to place, with bamboo and rattan furniture, an en suite shower and an aft-deck for meals and watching the river traffic pass. They carry bikes on board so one can potter off and explore villages among the rice paddies, as well as a rowing boat, or xuong, to access small canals on the one-, two- or three-night cruises out of Ho Chi Minh City.
The deck of Discovery, a converted rice barge, in Kerala
In the backwaters of Kerala, southern India, are a number of single-cabin houseboats converted from rice barges. Among the best is Discovery, designed by Joerg Drechsel and Txuku Iriarte, the German-Spanish couple who created the Cochin boutique hotel, Malabar House Residency. The classic wide-bellied hull is there, but the superstructure is a single air-conditioned contemporary suite in teak, whites, bright limes and scarlets. The crew of four navigate a three-night, four-day journey through lakes, rivers and channels blanketed in lilies.
In the Maldives, Remote Lands, a high-end tour operator to Asia, uses three traditional dhonis – fishing boats indigenous to the archipelago – based at Huvafen Fushi resort. Fully-staffed, these cosy one-cabin, wind-powered vessels are chartered for one or two nights on bespoke island-hopping itineraries, with stops for picnics and snorkelling reefs. Princess Junk in Halong Bay in Vietnam is another of the company’s single-cabin favourites: a traditional junk cruising Halong’s Unesco-recognised waters. “When those blood-red sails are filled with wind, you feel the old-style romance of Indochina in all its glory,” says Victoria Hilley, general manager at Remote Lands’ New York office.
But ultimately, a boat for two is really about the bed, which Alexa nails better than all its competitors by virtue of her generous rear end. The single cabin feels like a proper suite, with space for trunks, chairs and rugs. Still, I don’t want to sleep in it – attractive though it is – as I want to miss nothing of this star-pricked wilderness. Instead I sleep in the open on the upper deck.
Alexa's single cabin
I lie back and look at the white rigging against the Southern Cross, see the new crescent moon, the flying fish that look like sprays of liquid mercury, and the phosphorescence that plays in our silent wake. The moon lights distant curls of sand and picks out the shapes of islands we pass – more jagged the nearer to Komodo we sail.
As I lie there sleepless, it strikes me there are too few places like this left on earth, and those that do remain, one usually has to share. Since leaving Labuan Bajo, I’ve seen just three other tourist boats. I’ve hiked on empty islands and collected shells on sandbars circled with whirling currents. I’ve eaten dinner around a bonfire, without even the light of a single fishing boat on the horizon. The solitude reminds me of the owl and pussycat: “hand in hand, on the edge of the sand,/ They danced by the light of the moon”.
There is also everything to like in the lack of cliché: Alexa may be a boat for two, but it is without any of the usual canned “romance” perpetuated by the honeymoon business. There are no Jacuzzis for two with an awkward waiter proffering champagne, nor rose petals arranged into a love-heart on the bed.
The vibe is cooler than that, more relaxed. So when I learn that art dealer Jay Jopling, founder of London’s White Cube gallery, recently chartered Alexa, it makes sense. Of course he’d get it – the sophistication of simplicity, the power of the colour white. I, on the other hand, am struggling a bit. On this journey I’m travelling with a photographer, a colleague I respect, but frankly (how to put this elegantly?): this is a boat built for a love affair, nothing less.
-------------------------------------------
Details
Sophy Roberts travelled as a guest of Alexa ; a three-night cruise for two people from Flores costs from $10,500. Three nights at Ibo Island Lodge and four on Inshallah cost from $3,500 per person. Bastarda ( southerncrossbluecruising.com ) costs from €300 per day. Song Xanh Sampans ( theyacht house.com ) cost from $572 for two nights. Huvafen Fushi’s dhonis ( huvafenfushi.peraquum.com ; from $1,600 a night) and Princess Junk (from $588) can be chartered through Remote Lands . Discovery ( malabarhouse.com ) costs from €980 for three nights
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

NATO says Russia still has about 1 000 troops in eastern UkraineNATO says Russia still has about 1 000 troops in eastern Ukraine
Government retraces route  to grant roads under EPC  not BOTRatan Tata invests in online jewellery store
Tata invests in Bluestone, his second such investment in e-commerce in less than two weeks.
Economy
Sep 12, 2014
Had Manmohan Singh stood by his beliefs, fate of Indian economy would have been very different: Vinod Rai
This is one of the scathing observations made by former CAG Vinod Rai in his yet-to-be released book...

Cong banks on language card to outwit BJP  AIUDF in assembly by-polls in AssamGogoi came just ahead of the by-polls, prompting the opposition parties to complain that it was directly intended at garnering votes in the three assembly constituencies.
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 11, 2014 7:36 pm
With campaigning for by-election to three assembly constituencies coming to a close today afternoon, the ruling Congress party in the state is banking on a language card chief minister Tarun Gogoi played two days ago to outwit the BJP and All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF), especially in view of majority voters there belonging to a linguistic minority.
Gogoi had on September 9 revoked an order of November 2013 in which the state government had apparently sought to maintain Assamese as official language in the Barak Valley, which has been hailed by the Bengali-speaking population who are in a majority there. While both Silchar and Lakhipur LACs are in the Barak Valley, Muslims of erstwhile East Bengal and East Pakistan origin are in a majority in Jamunamukh in Nagaon district.
While the Assam government has withdrawn its circular PLC 14/2011/39 of November 30, 2013 regarding use of Assamese as official language in the Barak Valley districts with immediate effect, it said that the circular had created confusion in some circles as it actually was not meant for Barak Valley. Tuesday’s fresh circular (PLC14/2011/47) said that the official language of Barak Valley (Bengali) will continue to be used for all official works.
The circular issued at the directive of chief minister Gogoi came just ahead of the by-polls, prompting the opposition parties to complain that it was directly intended at garnering votes in the three assembly constituencies. The AGP and BJP even accused Gogoi of playing the divisive card to woo a section of voters.
Acid test for BJP
By-election to the three assembly segments will be an acid test for the BJP which had won seven of Assam’s 14 Lok Sabha seats in May. Of the three assembly segments, the BJP polled highest (18371 votes more than Congress) votes in Silchar, while it had come second after Congress in Lakhipur. In Jamunamukh however the BJP was a poor third with the AIUDF securing 46,000 votes more than the Congress.
Given this scenario, all three parties are likely to win one each, provided the Congress does not improve its position dramatically in Silchar. BJP’s new state unit president Siddhartha Bhattacharyya however claims that the saffron party will win both Silchar and Lakhipur. The Congress on the other hand claims it will win all three seats, though the fact remains that Jamunamukh is a sold bastion of the AIUDF.
Though altogether 25 candidates are in the fray for the three seats, the main contest will remain confined among the Congress, BJP and AIUDF. While Sirajuddin Ajmal, younger brother of AIUDF supremo Badruddin Ajmal had won from Jamunamukh LAC in the 2011 assembly elections, the party has now continued…

Buoyant market for yachts as rich return© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6227b796-196a-11e4-9745-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Titan commissions new plant in Tamil Nadu for its Watch DivTitan commissions new plant in Tamil Nadu for its Watch Div
Shale tops PM Narendra Modis agenda for US visitRatan Tata invests in online jewellery store
Tata invests in Bluestone, his second such investment in e-commerce in less than two weeks.
Economy
Sep 12, 2014
Had Manmohan Singh stood by his beliefs, fate of Indian economy would have been very different: Vinod Rai
This is one of the scathing observations made by former CAG Vinod Rai in his yet-to-be released book...

Sailor commits suicide on Indian Navy shipSailor commits suicide on Indian Navy ship
Retail investors back with a bang! 10 stocks MFs are betting onRetail investors back with a bang! top ten stocks where MFs are betting big money
By Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 12 Sep, 2014, 01.35PM IST
0
Share More
Experts believe that domestic mutual funds will be dominant buyers in the medium term till clarity emerges on the way interest rates are going to head in the US.
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: After shying away from equities for almost five years, retail investors are finally coming back to the markets via the mutual fund route.
Domestic mutual funds created history in the month of August by investing more money in equity markets compared to foreign institutional investors (FIIs) - the first occasion where they have bought more than FIIs since August last year.
Domestic funds have deployed nearly $1.14 billion (nearly Rs 6,900 crore) in August this year against $1.05 billion (nearly Rs 6,300 crore) invested by the FIIs, ET reported.
Experts believe that domestic mutual funds will be dominant buyers in the medium term till clarity emerges on the way interest rates are going to head in the US.
Mutual funds' investment in equities was 30 per cent of FII investment in equities during June this year. It reached 44 per cent in July and during August, it reached 108 per cent of the FII investment, added the report.
"Flows remain positive for the insurance industry as well as the mutual fund industry. In fact, in the last month, for the first time domestic institutional investors surpassed foreign institutional investors in the buying at Rs 5,000 crore," said Ritu Gangrade Arora , CIO, Canara HSBC OBC Life Insurance Co Ltd.
"We do see this momentum sustaining, along with the flows in our company. This is retail money coming back in the market with full confidence," added Arora.
It was the fourth straight month of inflows for equity funds. Equity mutual fund assets soared 6.01 per cent to Rs 2.67 trillion in August, steered by both inflows and mark-to-market (MTM) gains.
With the rally in equities stoking interest, the category clocked inflows for the fourth straight month at Rs 53.64 billion, said a CRISIL report. To be sure, that's lesser than the Rs 108.45 bn seen in July, but consolidated inflows since the beginning of 2014 now stand at Rs 242.98 billion, added the report.
"The return of retail investors has happened after a very long time. So for the last five years, domestic investors have been shying away from equities and investments have gone into other asset classes," said Navneet Munot, CIO, SBI Mutual Funds Management Pvt. Ltd.
"This is just the beginning. Household savings, the percentage that has gone into equities in the last couple of years, have gone down to very low levels, and we have a very long way to go," he said, adding that "I am sure that domestic participation is likely to increase over a period of time."
We have collated a list of ten stocks which are hot on the radar of the top five mutual funds:
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

India has second-highest number of child marriages: UN reportIndia retail inflation in August eases to 7.80 pct, fuel, light and clothes help
Retail inflation eases to 7.8 per cent in August compared to 7.96 per cent in July.

GM Revamping India Operation  Product Portfolio to Revive SalesYou are here: Home Corporates
GM Revamping India Operation, Product Portfolio to Revive Sales
Reuters | Updated On: September 11, 2014 22:01 (IST)
Reliance Industries Gas Field Investments Depend on Acceptable Pricing: Niko
New Delhi: General Motors Co is restructuring its India operation and evaluating its product portfolio, the US-carmaker said on Thursday, as it looks to revive falling sales and increase market share in Asia's third-largest economy.
"There are many aspects of the business that we need to work on to make sure we are efficient," Mary Barra, the company's chief executive officer told reporters in New Delhi, adding that India was significant to GM's global success.
"In China we play in the core of the segments and here in some cases we are more on the fringe or we are not across the major segments. What we are evaluating here is what is the right product portfolio," said Barra.
India is expected to become the world's third-largest passenger car market by 2018, moving up from sixth place today, according to IHS Automotive.
Car sales in the country are reviving and are expected to grow by 5-10 per cent this fiscal year that started on April 1, after falling for two consecutive years.
GM plans to launch 40 new products in India and other international markets excluding China, north America and Europe, Barra said, without providing a specific timeline.
Despite a portfolio that includes compact cars, a favourite among buyers in India, GM has faced stiff competition from Korea's Hyundai Motor Co, Japan's Honda Motor Co and Maruti Suzuki India, which together account for two-thirds of car sales in the country.
GM, which entered India in 1994, saw its market share fall to 3.2 per cent in the fiscal year ended March 31 from 3.3 per cent the year before, industry body data showed.
"We are undertaking right now a transformation and a significant restructure of our organisation including India and we are building our strategy," said Stefan Jacoby, executive vice president of GM's consolidated international operations.
The company has started exporting cars from India to Chile, and Jacoby said making India an export hub for the Asia Pacific region "could be one of the options."
GM has recalled about 29 million vehicles worldwide this year, of which about 25.7 million have been in the United States, mainly because of potentially lethal issues with ignition switches.
"At the end of Q2 we said and still continue to believe that the recalls ... are substantially complete," Barra said, adding that GM was working to "build defect-free vehicles" in future.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Snowman Logistics surges 68% on listing daySep 12, 2014, 12.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Snowman Logistics surges 68% on listing day
It meant the person, who has applied for 300 shares (the minimum bid quantity) by paying Rs 14100, received a whopping Rs 8400 on day one (Rs 28 per share premium over issue price).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Snowman Logistics surges 68% on listing day
It meant the person, who has applied for 300 shares (the minimum bid quantity) by paying Rs 14100, received a whopping Rs 8400 on day one (Rs 28 per share premium over issue price).
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Snowman Logistics  has seen huge buying appetite on listing day itself, beginning the trade at Rs 75 (the equilibrium price arrived in pre-opening session) on the Bombay Stock Exchange. That is 60 percent returns for investors over the issue price of Rs 47, which is more than grey market premium of 25-30 percent premium.
It means the person, who has applied for 300 shares (the minimum bid quantity) by paying Rs 14100, received a whopping profit of Rs 8400 on day one (Rs 28 per share premium over issue price).
The hunger does not seem to end there with pending buy orders of 1,399,831 shares, no sellers available at 10:42 hours IST.
The stock was quoting at Rs 78.75 (the highest level in today's trade), up Rs 31.75, or 67.55 percent on the BSE. The current market capitalisation of the company stands at Rs 1,310 crore.
 
Its public issue had received excellent response from investors, oversubscribing 59.75 times supported by retail subscription with 41.26 times, non-institutional investors with 221.79 times and qualified institutional buyers with 16.98 times.
The largest cold chain solutions provider raised Rs 197.4 crore through the issue that amount will be used for setting up new temperature controlled and ambient warehouses, and long term working capital.
Snowman Logistics, which had reported 40-50 percent CAGR in topline and bottomline in previous four financial years, will maintain growth achieved in last few years, said Ravi Kannan, Director and CEO, adding he is confident of stable growth going forward
"We have a clear visibility of our expansion. We are looking to expand to Tier-II and Tier-III cities," he added.
It has a pan-India presence with warehousing capacity of 58,543 pallets and 3,000 ambient pallets, which is expected to increase to 85,000 pellets in current financial year (FY15) and further to 1 lakh pellets by FY16.
Kannan said the company will add 35 percent to capacity even for FY15.
Parent company Gateway Distriparks , which holds 40 percent stake in Snowman, was quoting at Rs 273.10, up Rs 3.60, or 1.34 percent after hitting a 52-week high of Rs 278.90.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Ingersoll Rand to invest Rs 100cr to moderni...Ingersoll Rand to invest Rs 100 crore to modernise Naroda plant
By PTI | 12 Sep, 2014, 05.20PM IST
Industrial products and solutions provider Ingersoll Rand today said it will invest Rs 100 crore to upgrade its manufacturing facility in Naroda in Gujarat
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Industrial products and solutions provider Ingersoll Rand today said it will invest Rs 100 crore to upgrade its manufacturing facility in Naroda in Gujarat.
This investment will support production of complete range of compressors in reciprocating, rotary and centrifugal ranging from 0.75 to 4500 kW, a release issued here said.
"The strategic investment of Rs 100 crore in the facility reinforces our overall growth strategy in India that is focused on driving innovation, technology and product development and is a reflection of our long standing commitment to the country," Ingersoll Rand Chairman and President Venkatesh Valluri said.
Products and solutions manufactured at the Naroda plant will be distributed across both, domestic as well as global markets, the release said.
Technologies for air treatment, filtration solutions, storage solutions, energy saving control solutions, remote monitoring as well as energy saving modular solutions for compressed air that increases the overall efficiency of an entire manufacturing and operating system will be enhanced at this plant.
In addition to these, the facility will add new product lines with high level of innovation, it said.
"Over the past few years we have been strongly focused on innovation from emerging economies and India has been at the forefront of this initiative.
"As the country moves into a new era of economic realignment that will be focused on manufacturing, we are upgrading the facility by introducing new flexible production techniques, enhanced process efficiency methods and new technologies," he said.
The modernisation will not only increase the safety practices and allow the company to deliver very cost competitive products for India and global markets, but also enhance its customers' energy efficiency, productivity and operational efficiency, Valluri said.
Spread over 14 acres, the facility caters to markets such as industrial efficiency, transportation, food security, logistics, process, pharmaceutical, health care, cement, mining, defence and others.
The planned transformation will provide the manufacturing facility with several benefits, including reduction in energy and resource consumption, the release said.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Water levels in Srinagar recede but ground floor of buildings still floodede Lounge: Dipika, Arjun talks on politics, censorship
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Watch Live: Obama Speaks at AmeriCorps Pledge ceremony - 11:20a ETwatch live: obama speaks at americorps pledge ceremony - 11:20a et
Creating Jobs: Labour LawsNSEL case: FIR registered for smearing judge's face on Facebook post
An FIR has been registered against the handler of a Facebook account and some of its members...

Difficult to do business in India  says Vodafone head Marten PietersNSEL case: FIR registered for smearing judge's face on Facebook post
An FIR has been registered against the handler of a Facebook account and some of its members...

Column: Fixing Indias governmentNSEL case: FIR registered for smearing judge's face on Facebook post
An FIR has been registered against the handler of a Facebook account and some of its members...

Dunkin  Donuts launches Bengaluru outlet; first in South IndiaNSEL case: FIR registered for smearing judge's face on Facebook post
An FIR has been registered against the handler of a Facebook account and some of its members...

Editorial: Augean stablesIndustrial production growth slows to 4-month low of 0.5 pct
The factory output, as measured by the IIP, had grown by 2.6 per cent in July, 2013.

Brent falls to 17-month low on excess supplyBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Global food prices near four-year low in AugustBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

The contradiction that is GujaratThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Securities Appellate Tribunal stays Sebi penalty on Satyam s Raju  4 others; upholds banBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

US banks: Relentless regulation© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/e28a13da-3831-11e4-9fc2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple: The dials are turning© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/49591816-3857-11e4-9fc2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stock markets consolidating  sentiment upbeat: Devang MehtaBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Cigarette stocks: ITC  Godfrey Phillips India shares fall plunge on tough tobacco policy reportsBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Luxury goods: On Sale© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/c22c4f0c-38d3-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lex in depth: Alibaba© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/88e06be8-3775-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hailo drives into SingaporeSeptember 10, 2014 7:11 pm
Hailo drives into Singapore
By Sally Davies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e78e7a36-38f6-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Innovation in the Workplacereddit
After being named an EY Entrepreneurial Winning Woman and being given exposure to this powerful network, which includes the world's top entrepreneurs, I learned some important insights. In order to drive growth and future success in a business, you need to innovate with new products, expand into new markets, and develop your people so you're ready to grasp new opportunities as they start to arise.
In my 14 years as a CEO, I've come to trust the role that innovation plays in business growth. While there's always opportunity to move beyond the ordinary and discover new possibilities, the painful (or exciting) reality is that opportunity usually comes disguised in the form of adversity.
One area I've seen this manifest is among the workforce. Today's workers want to be co-creators of something exciting and live in the moment. They want family time, flexibility, and a collaborative style of leadership that ignites them, exposes them to cutting edge tools, and offers an expansion of their experience and knowledge. In today's age, innovation within the workforce has become a necessity in order to grow or scale.
This is especially true for entrepreneurs running fast-growing companies in labor-constrained markets. My home state of North Dakota ranks No. 1 for female entrepreneurship, but has the fourth highest cost of living in the country. The shortage of a qualified workforce is the top concern for the state's business leaders, myself included.
I've had to think outside the box when it comes to employee recruitment and retention.  Considering that my company earthkind has a Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) approach, I feel double the pressure to make these ideas sustainable and replicable.  Here are the top three workforce innovations I've implemented in my business to retain a quality workforce. It wasn't immediately clear how they'd work - or even if they'd work!  Additionally, each carried risk. However, they did - and what I didn't expect was the positive impact we'd see on employee engagement levels as a result of implementing these strategies.
Disabled Workers
Every business owner dreams of a stable, steady workforce that really cares. This leads to good employee morale, consistent quality, low absenteeism, and virtually no turnover.
Earthkind has found that employing approximately 50 percent handicapped workers has turned this dream into reality. These employees work hard, believe in our business and mission, and are extremely engaged in their jobs. Nationwide, unemployment among the handicapped is 80percent - virtually an entire second workforce of people who can help stimulate businesses and the economy. As a CEO, I have seen firsthand what these workers are capable of contributing and think that as a country, we can do a better job overall if we employed them more often.
Family Flexibility
Meeting the needs of my employees is essential if they are to meet the needs of our customers. In no case is this truer than with moms. Allison O'Kelly of Mom Corps notes these challenges when recruiting and retaining talent when she wrote, "All generations, genders and levels of workers are beginning to demand flexibility at work and those companies that offer it will win the war for talent."  She cited a survey that found 73 percent of working adults considered flexibility one of the most important factors they weigh when looking for a new job or deciding what company.  Additionally, 39 percent of working adults have considered leaving or have left a job because it wasn't flexible enough.
As a small business, I can't afford all the luxuries employees would like to have, but I can afford those that matter most, like being able to care for children.  We take it a step further and actually let new moms bring their babies in the office with them for the first four to six months. When moms feel supported rather than stigmatized for caring for their families, everything improves. The bond with their babies is strong, they have success breastfeeding, and the spheres of family and workplace overlap rather than collide. The loyalty and engagement from these employees more than makes up for any interruptions our youngest office members may cause.
Virtual Workforce
Another way I've found to meet employee needs is by utilizing a virtual workforce.
People today are more mobile than ever, from the way they communicate to the way they want to work. Unlike previous generations who would work at the same job for 30 years, today's average job span just 36 months. Using a cloud system, one-third of earthkind's team is virtual and spans five states. Regular team meetings, monthly newsletters and open communication across multiple channels keep the team spirit alive despite the distance. And critically, for me, we've been able to retain our top talent even if they need to relocate.
My involvement in the EY network helped me discover that my goal of creating a better world through business can be produced only through a workforce that has been encouraged and inspired to come to work and perform their best. The possibilities of a company are exponentially more when it has employees who are engaged and empowered behind it.
Follow Kari Warberg Block on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kariwblock
More:

The American Concept of Prestige Has Barely Changed in 37 YearsMost Recent See All
Future Tense
Sept. 15 2014 8:08 AM Techno Sapiens: The Tacocopter Edition A Future Tense podcast about whether machines will solve our problems, or make them worse. Marvin Ammori and Christine Rosen
Bad Astronomy
Sept. 15 2014 7:30 AM Polar Vortex Excursions Linked to Global Warming Phil Plait
Music
Sept. 14 2014 11:44 PM A Little Bit Softer Now, a Little Bit Softer Now … The sad, gradual decline of the fade-out in popular music. William Weir
Brow Beat
Sept. 14 2014 7:10 PM Watch Michael Winslow Perform Every Part of “Whole Lotta Love” With Just His Voice Sharan Shetty
Jurisprudence
Sept. 14 2014 2:37 PM When Abuse Is Not Abuse Don’t expect Adrian Peterson to go to prison. In much of America, beating your kids is perfectly legal.  Mark Joseph Stern
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 2:36 PM Liberal Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders May Run for President in 2016 as Democrat Daniel Politi
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 12:33 PM North Korea Sentences 24-Year-Old American to Six Years of Hard Labor Daniel Politi
Behold
Sept. 14 2014 11:00 AM The Crumbling and Abandoned Remains of Italy’s Once-Grand Discotheques  Jordan  G. Teicher
New Scientist
Sept. 14 2014 8:38 AM Scientific Misconduct Should Be a Crime It’s as bad as fraud or theft, only potentially more dangerous. Rachel Nuwer
Bad Astronomy
Sept. 14 2014 8:00 AM Volcanado Phil Plait
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 2:24 AM Cops Briefly Detain Django Unchained Actress Because They Thought She Was a Prostitute Daniel Politi
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 1:29 AM Mark Sanford’s Fiancée Surprised by his Facebook Post Announcing Breakup Daniel Politi
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 12:29 AM ISIS Releases Video Showing Beheading of British Aid Worker David Haines Daniel Politi
Brow Beat
Sept. 13 2014 4:47 PM The Simpsons’ Groundskeeper Willie Shares His Thoughts on Scottish Independence Sharan Shetty
Brow Beat
Sept. 13 2014 3:55 PM Jack White’s Music Video for “Would You Fight for My Love” Was Made in a Day Sharan Shetty
Brow Beat
Sept. 13 2014 2:05 PM Kutiman Returns With Another Brilliant Song Comprised Entirely of YouTube Clips Sharan Shetty
The Slatest
Sept. 13 2014 1:55 PM U.S. Officials Threatened James Foley’s Parents With Prosecution Over Ransom Daniel Politi
  News & Politics
Jurisprudence Sept. 14 2014 2:37 PM
Mark Joseph Stern
Jurisprudence
Sept. 14 2014 2:37 PM When Abuse Is Not Abuse Don’t expect Adrian Peterson to go to prison. In much of America, beating your kids is perfectly legal.  Mark Joseph Stern
Politics Sept. 12 2014 7:24 PM

Five Ways to End the Drug War; Start by Decriminalizing Drug Usereddit
The international drug control regime is broken. Past approaches premised on a punitive law enforcement paradigm have failed, emphatically so. They have resulted in more violence, larger prison populations, and the erosion of governance around the world. The health harms associated with drug use have gotten worse, not better. The Global Commission on Drug Policy instead advocates for an approach to drug policy that puts public health, community safety, human rights and development at the center.
Below I have listed the five pathways to ending the drug war recommended by the Global Commission on Drug Policy that I chair. (Other members of the commission, ranging from Kofi Annan to Paul Volcker to former Mexican President Ernesto Zedillo are listed after the recommendations.)
1. Putting health and community safety first requires a fundamental reorientation of policy priorities and resources, from failed punitive enforcement to proven health and social interventions.
Both the stated goals of drug control policies, and the criteria by which such policies are assessed, merit reform. Traditional goals and measures -- such as hectares of illicit crops eradicated, amounts of drugs seized, and number of people arrested, prosecuted, convicted and incarcerated for drug law violations -- have failed to produce positive outcomes.
Far more important are goals and measures that focus on reducing both drug-related harms such as fatal overdoses, HIV/ AIDS, hepatitis and other diseases as well as prohibition-related harms such as crime, violence, corruption, human rights violations, environmental degradation, displacement of communities and the power of criminal organizations. Spending on counterproductive enforcement measures should be ended, while proven prevention, harm reduction and treatment measures are scaled up to meet need.
2. Ensure equitable access to essential medicines, in particular opiate-based medications for pain.
More than 80 percent of the world's population carries a huge burden of avoidable pain and suffering with little or no access to such medications. This state of affairs persists despite the fact that the avoidance of ill health and access to essential medicines is a key objective and obligation of the global drug control regime.
Governments need to establish clear plans and timelines to remove the domestic and international obstacles to such provision. They also should allocate the necessary funding for an international program -- to be overseen by the World Health Organization and developed in partnership with the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime and the International Narcotics Control Board -- to ensure equitable and affordable access to these medicines where they are unavailable.
3. Stop criminalizing people for drug use and possession -- and stop imposing "compulsory treatment" on people whose only offense is drug use or possession.
Criminalization of drug use and possession has little to no impact on levels of drug use in an open society. Such policies do, however, encourage high risk behaviours such as unsafe injecting, deter people in need of drug treatment from seeking it, divert law enforcement resources from focusing on serious criminality, reduce personal and government funds that might otherwise be available for positive investment in people's lives and burden millions with the long-lasting negative consequences of a criminal conviction.
Using the criminal justice system to force people arrested for drug possession into "treatment" often does more harm than good. Far better is ensuring the availability of diverse supportive services in communities. This recommendation, it should be noted, requires no reform of international drug control treaties.
Rely on alternatives to incarceration for non-violent, low-level participants in illicit drug markets such as farmers, couriers and others involved in the production, transport and sale of illicit drugs.
Governments devote ever increasing resources to detecting, arresting and incarcerating people involved in illicit drug markets -- with little or no evidence that such efforts reduce drug-related problems or deter others from engaging in similar activities. Community-based and other non-criminal sanctions routinely prove far less expensive, and more effective than criminalization and incarceration.
Subsistence farmers and day laborers involved in harvesting, processing, transporting or trading and who have taken refuge in the illicit economy purely for reasons of survival should not be subjected to criminal punishment. Only longer term socioeconomic development efforts that improve access to land and jobs, reduce economic inequality and social marginalization, and enhance security can offer them a legitimate exit strategy.
4. Focus on reducing the power of criminal organizations as well as the violence and insecurity that result from their competition with both one another and the state.
Governments need to be far more strategic, anticipating the ways in which particular law enforcement initiatives, particularly militarized "crackdowns," may exacerbate criminal violence and public insecurity without actually deterring drug production, trafficking or consumption. Displacing illicit drug production from one locale to another, or control of a trafficking route from one criminal organization to another, often does more harm than good.
The goals of supply-side enforcement need to be reoriented from unachievable market eradication to achievable reductions in violence and disruption linked to the trafficking. Enforcement resources should be directed towards the most disruptive, problematic and violent elements of the trade -- alongside international cooperation on the crackdown on corruption and money laundering. Militarizing anti-drug efforts is seldom effective and often counterproductive. Greater accountability for human rights abuses committed in pursuit of drug law enforcement is essential.
5. Allow and encourage diverse experiments in legally regulating markets for currently illicit drugs, beginning with but not limited to cannabis, the coca leaf and certain novel psychoactive substances.
Much can be learned from successes and failures in regulating alcohol, tobacco, pharmaceutical drugs and other products and activities that pose health and other risks to individuals and societies.
New experiments are needed in allowing legal but restricted access to drugs that are now only available illegally. This should include the expansion of heroin-assisted treatment for some long-term dependent users, which has proven so effective in Europe and Canada. Ultimately the most effective way to reduce the extensive harms of the global drug prohibition regime and advance the goals of public health and safety is to get drugs under control through responsible legal regulation.
Take advantage of the opportunity presented by the upcoming United Nations General Assembly Special Session in 2016 to reform the global drug policy regime.
The leadership of the U.N. Secretary-General is essential to ensure that all relevant U.N. agencies -- not just those focused on law enforcement but also health, security, human rights and development -- engage fully in a "One-U.N." assessment of global drug control strategies. The U.N. Secretariat should urgently facilitate open discussion, including new ideas and recommendations that are grounded in scientific evidence, public health principles, human rights and development.
Policy shifts towards harm reduction, ending criminalization of people who use drugs, proportionality of sentences and alternatives to incarceration have been successfully defended over the past decades by a growing number of countries on the basis of the legal latitude allowed under the U.N. treaties. Further exploration of flexible interpretations of the drug treaties is an important objective, but ultimately the global drug control regime must be reformed to permit responsible legal regulation.
GLOBAL COMMISSION ON DRUG POLICY MEMBERS
Kofi Annan
chairman of the Kofi Annan Foundation and former Secretary-General of the United Nations, Ghana
Louise Arbour
former U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights, Canada
Pavel Bém
former mayor of Prague, Czech Republic
Richard Branson
entrepreneur, advocate for social causes, founder of the Virgin Group, cofounder of The Elders, United Kingdom
Fernando Henrique Cardoso
former President of Brazil (chair)
Maria Cattaui
former Secretary-General of the International Chamber of Commerce, Switzerland
Ruth Dreifuss
former Minister of Social Affairs and former President of Switzerland
Cesar Gaviria

Fernando Henrique CardosoFive Ways to End the Drug War; Start by Decriminalizing Drug Use
(18) Comments | Posted September 10, 2014 | 6:33 PM
The international drug control regime is broken. Past approaches premised on a punitive law enforcement paradigm have failed, emphatically so. They have resulted in more violence, larger prison populations, and the erosion of governance around the world. The health harms associated with drug use have gotten worse, not better. The...
O 'milagre brasileiro' enfrenta problemas
(2) Comments | Posted February 10, 2014 | 2:05 PM
Sobre as causas da agitação social. O desaquecimento da economia brasileira não se deve unicamente a fatores externos, como a redução da demanda da China e Europa.
Fatores internos também desempenham um papel. Após uma reação inicial positiva às políticas governamentais anticíclicas, com a ampliação do crédito e do...
Trouble for the 'Brazilian Miracle'
(18) Comments | Posted January 21, 2014 | 2:36 PM
Fernando Henrique Cardoso, a leading sociologist, was President of Brazil from 1995 to 2000. WorldPost asked him examine the eruption of middle class discontent in Brazil.
On the causes of social unrest. The slowing down of the Brazilian economy is not due only to external factors, such as the reduction...
Supporting Uruguay in the Legal Regulation of Marijuana
(22) Comments | Posted July 23, 2013 | 7:46 PM
Two years ago, in my capacity as chairman of the Global Commission on Drug Policy, I made a public call for the decriminalization of drug use and for experimentation with models of legal regulation. I and my colleagues did so recognizing that drug prohibition had failed on many levels. For...

Moscovici wins EU economics job but looks isolatedLast updated: September 10, 2014 7:09 pm
France’s Moscovici wins coveted EU economics job but looks isolated
By Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a28b800-3901-11e4-9cce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Outgoing Ferrari chief Luca di Montezemolo head to get 27 mn euros in severance payBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

J&K floods: Water recedes  but lakhs still await helpJ&K floods: Water recedes  but lakhs still await help
GTDC to maximise revenues from prime beach propertiesUpdated: September 11, 2014 11:17 IST
GTDC to maximise revenues from prime beach properties
Prakash Kamat
tourism
Goa Tourism Development Corporation (GTDC) has 12 hotel properties situated in prime beach areas of Miramar, Colva, Calangute among others.
Enthused by a definite turnaround in its financial performance in the year 2013-14, Goa Tourism Development Corporation (GTDC) — Goa government’s tourism marketing corporation — has announced plans to utilize its idle assets and properties to increase its revenues.
GTDC has 12 hotel properties situated in prime beach areas of Miramar, Colva, Calangute among others and also in interior areas of Mayem, Farmagudi and Old Goa.
The state PSU recorded a fair financial growth for the financial year 2013-14 achieving an all time high turnover of Rs.26.88 crores, an increase of 12 per cent over the previous year.
The corporation had reported a net profit of Rs.5 lakh in 2012-13 compared to a net loss of Rs.8 crore in the immediate previous year.
The turnaround of this State PSU is attributed to its proactive and professional management of assets. It reported a net profit of Rs.53.92 lakhs for the year 2013-14.
Ruling BJP legislator Nilesh Cabral who heads GTDC attributed this turnaround to the stress laid by the GTDC on better utilisation of its idle assets and properties. He also attributed the increase in revenue from cruise operations through its single window system, which the corporation introduced a year back to help tourists.
Mr. Cabral on Tuesday said that the increase in revenue is due to increased accommodation and utilisation of GTDC properties such as Vagator, Anjuna, Baga, all falling within the purview of non-development zone in the north coastal belt.
“GTDC owned-properties at Palolem, Benaulim in south Goa coastal belt, which also fall under non- development zone are in the process of development and are expected to generate revenue for the corporation in the near future,” said Mr. Cabral.
Buoyed by this jump in profits, GTDC is geared up to launch a host of products and services which will enhance tourist experience and comfort in Goa. “Two of the foremost things that GTDC has proposed to do is the development of Mayem lake in Bicholim in north Goa, and accommodation facilities for boosting hinterland tourism in Goa,” says Mr. Nikhil Desai, Managing Director of GTDC.

Is the Apple Watch launch a defining moment for wireless charging#apple #apple watch #wireless charging
Singapore: Apple Inc's embrace of wireless charging for its new Watch may be a defining moment for a technology that's languished for years amid competing standards and consumer confusion.
Supporters of wireless charging see a future where people no longer worry about topping up their gadgets; are free from tangled power cords and low-battery warnings and where terms like "outlet" and "plugged in" will be as anachronistic as "dialling" a phone.
Users seem to like the idea too: in a recent survey by technology consultancy IHS, 83 per cent were interested in wireless charging; in China, the figure was 91 per cent.
Supporters of wireless charging see a future where people no longer worry about topping up their gadgets and are free from tangled power cords.
But, while the technology is largely there to do this, competition to set a global standard is getting in the way of delivery. It's reminiscent of the Betamax vs VHS videotape wars of three or four decades ago, or the more recent battle between Blu-ray and HD DVD for supremacy in high definition optical disc format.
For now, there are three alliances, but not much to show. Last year, fewer than 20 million phones were shipped with wireless charging built in, according to IHS - less than 2 percent of the billion smartphones shipped around the world.
"There are a lot of bees around the hive," said Omri Lachman, CEO of Humavox, an Israeli start-up with its own wireless charging technology. "Up to now we've not seen a mass aggregation of wireless charging in devices. There's a good reason for that: three standards for the same form of technology."
While users clearly see wireless charging - where mobiles, tablets and other devices are charged by laying them on a mat or other surface - as a natural next step, some industry leaders have cautioned that having to still plug in the charging device may prove fiddly for some. "Having to create another device you have to plug into the wall is actually, for most situations, more complicated," Apple senior vice president Phil Schiller said just two years ago.
Beam me up...
Maybe, but others say the wireless vision remains compelling. "Look at Star Trek," says Geoff Gordon of the Alliance for Wireless Power (A4WP), one of the three competing alliances. "They never talk about their batteries dying on any of their devices. If you look far enough into the future we're looking at a world where you don't even think about power."
But to catch on, wireless charging has to work seamlessly. That means a user can easily find a wireless charging zone and not have to worry whether their device is compatible, or properly connected or even secure from theft.
Intel Corp, a member of A4WP along with the likes of Samsung Electronics and Qualcomm Inc, says wireless charging is a lot like wireless computing. Just as the world has largely ditched network cables for wireless hotspots, so we will leave chargers and cables at home as we'll never be far from a charging pad.
But getting there, the chipmaker argues, will require someone with its clout to set the global standard for wireless technology. "History will tell you it's what it takes to get mainstream lift-off," said Intel's Leighton Phillips.
Among the competing standards, A4WP uses something called magnetic resonance, while the Wireless Power Consortium (WPC) - which includes tech names such as Nokia and Philips - champions its Qi standard using inductive charging, a method which is also used by the Power Matters Alliance (PMA).
They are all variations of the same technology: a coil inside the device picks up an electrical charge from a transmitter coil in the charging surface. Apple, which sits outside the alliances, appears to have used a version of induction charging in its Watch, further muddying the waters.
$8.5 billion market
Sparring in a battle for leadership in a market that IHS reckons will be worth $8.5 billion by 2018 - as the technology is incorporated into devices, furniture, cars, restaurants - the alliances fling accusations at one another.
The WPC accuses its rivals of trying "to benefit from intellectual property they think they own," in the words of WPC vice president for market development John Perzow, instead of "what benefits the consumer."
The WPC's Qi brand is the only one to have made any real headway on the market, doubling its annual shipments to 20 million devices last year. The PMA has a couple of products out, while the first devices carrying the A4WP's Rezence brand are expected to be shipped this year.
A4WP supporters say the WPC has had its chance and blown it. "Very quickly the momentum behind A4WP will dwarf anything that Qi has accomplished," says Alex Gruzen, CEO of US-based WiTricity.
The PMA, meanwhile, has focused less on the hardware and more on the application programing interface that would allow others to connect to it. Its main backers are companies like Procter & Gamble and Starbucks Corp, which promises to roll out charging surfaces in its U.S. outlets by the end of next year.
The groups all agree on one thing: squabbling over standards has kept smartphone manufacturers, furniture designers and car makers from building wireless charging technology into their products as much as they might if the technology's future were clearer.
The Jeep Cherokee, for example, includes a wireless charging pad, and Cadillac has announced plans to add wireless charging in 2015 models - but drivers will only be able to use the feature if they have compatible phones.
There are signs of progress: the A4WP and the PMA in February agreed to ensure their two standards work well together.
But for wireless charging to take off, Intel says, it not only needs compatible devices and charging mats in homes and offices, but also a broader public infrastructure - coffee shops, hotels, malls.
"The vision we have and that Starbucks has is that it becomes part of the slipstream of your life," says Powermat president Daniel Schreiber. "How do we make power come to you rather than have you think about power?"
"Nothing's happening"
There are other issues. One is that the technology still needs to be easier to use. In some cases, a device can't just be dropped anyhow onto a charging pad - it needs to be aligned or it either won't charge, or will charge more slowly.
Also, fitting charging coils into devices isn't as simple as it may sound. "Coils have a physical limitation that won't change with size," said Humavox's Lachman. "A lot of people have been trying to fit that into the device."
"All the companies are working around the clock to figure out how to pull in that technology and make sure it works," says Pavan Pudipeddi, CEO of PowerSquare, which in July launched a charging pad using Qi which allows users to recharge multiple devices. Pudipeddi welcomed the launch of Apple's Watch with wireless charging. "Others will feed off that and it's good for the technology in general," he said.
Meanwhile, the dithering over an industry standard is opening up opportunities for others.
Some companies like uBeam, for example, use ultrasound, converting electricity to sound and sending that over the air as ultrasound. Others, like Humavox, use radio frequencies, where the coils are replaced by antennae.
"Our decision to build this technology from the ground up is proving the right choice," said Lachman. "Wireless charging has been out there for five years and nothing's happening."

Where India stands on the stagflation indicatorWhere India stands on the stagflation indicator
Former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran pressurised Chennai-based C Sivasankar ...Former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran pressurised Chennai-based C Sivasankar ...
Europe stocks flat as US futures dipLast updated: September 11, 2014 9:44 pm
US stocks pare losses as oil rebounds
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98fc764a-3962-11e4-9cce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SNP would cede powers for currency union© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/32df3c5a-3988-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pending investor complaints against cos dip 16% in AugThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Pending investor complaints against companies dip 16% in AugUpdated: September 11, 2014 16:01 IST
Pending investor complaints against companies dip 16% in Aug
PTI
securities
Pending investor complaints against listed firms dropped by nearly 16 per cent to 541 in August, and the number of companies against which such grievances were recorded also decreased to 21.
In comparison, 642 investor complaints were pending against 29 listed companies as on July 31, according to Securities and Exchange Board of India’s Online Complaints Redress System (SCORES).
As on August 31, 541 complaints were pending for a period of more than 60 days against 21 firms, including Oil & Natural Gas Corporation, Malanpur Steel and Rolex Pharmaceuticals Ltd.
As per Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) directive, listed firms are required to resolve investor complaints within a month of receiving them failing which they would be liable for penal action.
The data includes those entities against whom more than ten complaints are pending for more than 60 days and excludes entities against whom enforcement action has been initiated by SEBI for non-redressal of investor grievances.
Of the total 541 investor complaints pending against 21 companies at August-end, the maximum number of complaints (141) were pending against Malanpur Steel.
There were 104 investor grievances against ONGC, 21 against Rolex Pharmaceuticals and 20 complaints each against Jupiter Bioscience and Midfield Industries.
Acropetal Technologies Ltd and Modern Cement Ltd had 19 grievances each pending against them, while Steel Exchange India had only 18 such complaints.
Among other entities regulated by SEBI, which has set up SCORES for fast-track resolution and monitoring of investor complaints, a total of 54 complaints were pending for over two months against two mutual funds houses and one registrar to an issue/share transfer agent (Karvy Computershare Private Ltd).
The mutual funds included — Reliance Mutual Fund (16) and SBI Mutual Fund (12).
As many as 26 investor grievances were pending against Karvy Computershare.
SEBI online complaint redressal system, SCORES, lists all entities functioning in the capital market, including listed companies, stock exchanges, merchant bankers and mutual funds.
SCORES, launched in June 2011, provides a centralised database of all complaints, online movement of complaints to the concerned listed companies, online upload of Action Taken Reports (ATRs) by the concerned companies.
It also helps investors view, track and follow up the actions taken on their grievance.

DGCA s findings due to lack of clarity in rules: Jet AirwaysBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Demand for BoI s Basel III bonds pick up after RBI eases normsNeelasri Barman & M Saraswathy |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 09:27 PM IST
Demand for Bank of India's Basel-III bonds picks up
Under the new norms call options on additional tier-I debt will now be allowed at five years, against 10 years earlier
Bank of India’s Basel-III compliant bonds have been trading at a premium, owing to demand in the secondary market. This follows the Reserve Bank of India saying call options on additional tier-I debt will now be allowed at five years, against 10 years earlier.
Bank of India’s Basel-III bonds had a call option at the end of the 10th year. Under the call option, bond issuers can reset the coupon rate after a specific period.
Experts say companies, high net worth individuals, traders and pension funds have been buying these bonds from the secondary market. National Stock Exchange data show the bonds are currently trading at a premium of about Rs 2. The demand is despite the fact that there isn’t much liquidity in these bonds.
In August, Bank of India had raised Rs 2,500 crore through perpetual bonds, which complied with Basel-III norms. The bonds had a coupon rate of 11 per cent.
“The coupon rate of 11 per cent on these is very attractive; others who tap the market might not offer such a high coupon. Besides, Bank of India is a systematically important bank, owing to which investors are willing to buy its bonds. Due to these factors, there is demand for these bonds as, therefore, these are trading at a premium,” said Ajay Manglunia, senior vice -president (fixed income), Edelweiss Securities.
Experts said though the bank had paid a higher coupon to attract investors, with the new norms of call option at the end of the fifth year, the rate would be lower by about 100 basis points.
However, a few believe despite a coupon of 11 per cent and the bonds trading at a premium, not many insurers are buying these, preferring government securities instead. “I do not see the appetite for these bonds increasing, at least in the near term. Yes, some interest will be there. But that is not enough to drive the prices beyond a certain level in the secondary market,” said a bond trader.
While a handful of life insurance companies are said to have invested in the bank’s Basel-III compliant bonds, investment officials say only top life insurers, including Life Insurance Corporation of India, have the investable asset size and spread to take a risk on this instrument.
Further, insurance executives are also considering the all aspects of the bonds, before deciding to invest in these. A K Sridhar, chief investment officer, IndiaFirst Life Insurance Company, said the company wasn’t considering the yields alone, but also the fact that this instrument was quasi-equity. “We will prefer to invest in pure debt, as in the case of Basel-III bonds, an entity not making profits need not pay interest,” he said.
 Advertisements

Paying the price to keep Scotlands loveSeptember 10, 2014 6:26 pm
Paying the price to keep Scotland’s love
By Robert Shrimsley
©Getty
In the wake of polls suggesting that Scotland could be poised to vote for independence next week, the unionist party leaders are throwing new policy baubles to wavering Scots and scrambling to rewrite the British constitution by lunchtime on Thursday. The hope is that by giving Scots almost everything but independence they will reject independence itself – the political equivalent to offering civil partnerships because they are not quite gay marriage.
But this highlights the lack of imagination within Westminster at thinking up inducements to keep Scots in the family of the union.
To: David Cameron, Prime Minister
More
From: Unionist Strategy Working Group
Prime Minister,
Following your request last week for more policies to dissuade the Scots from voting for independence, we have drafted the following plan which we feel represents a compelling and comprehensive package to offer in return for a No vote. Some of these ideas are pretty radical but you did indicate that no step would be too crass to be considered.
Hong Kong: Firstly, we must counteract the long-held grievance that Britain keeps choosing Conservative governments that have been decisively rejected in Scotland. We think this could be best achieved by replicating the excellent Hong Kong model in which all potential prime ministerial candidates must first be approved by the ruling council of the Scottish National Party before they can stand for office. A side-effect of this may be to preclude the future candidacy of Boris Johnson. However, you may feel this is a price worth paying.
Glencoe Massacre: The time may be right to reopen case of the Glencoe Massacre, announcing a full public inquiry into the incident. We believe Lord Saville is available. Full public inquiries have worked terribly well in Northern Ireland so why not give them a go in Scotland. As you know, there remain lingering doubts about the Crown’s role. Nationalists have long contended that the Campbells were acting as knowing agents of the English when they murdered the MacDonalds. There is, we admit, little in the way of new evidence and witnesses are hard to find these days but we think the effort would be appreciated and Lord Saville can take his time. You know how he tends to rush these probes.
Scots at the centre: Scots will feel more loved if they also feel at the centre of British life so we propose a number of cultural initiatives. We have already made some important headway on this with Doctor Who, recasting the planet-hopping time lord as a Glaswegian and believe this could be just the first step on a path of cultural reintegration. In the event of a No vote we should promise that the BBC will commission a remake of Dad’s Army with Private Frazer in charge of the platoon and Captain Mainwaring busted down to corporal.
We are also looking for other leading roles which might be recalibrated in the same way and are in talks with Simon Cowell about getting a Scot on the panel of Britain’s Got Talent. Your suggestion of Moira Anderson was much appreciated but we fear she may not hit the younger demographic at which we are aiming.
Wallace: As a further gesture of goodwill how about a royal pardon for William Wallace. We could stage a very nice ceremony near Smithfield market and Mel Gibson has indicated that he would be willing to attend in person providing we organise a decent hotel. We could build up the pardon by disinterring Edward I from his tomb in Westminster Abbey and burying him somewhere less grand. We hear that a king’s grave has recently come free in the staff car park at Leicester council.
Bannockburn Day: To celebrate a great Scottish victory and to show that British history is not merely English history, we propose a nationwide Bannockburn day. We admit this was a long time ago but Scottish wins are a bit thin on the ground. An alternative is June 4 where we could celebrate their 1977 2-1 win over England in the Home Championship. We’ve spoken to the Wembley Stadium authorities and for the good of the union they are happy to agree to an annual pitch invasion and smashing of the goalposts. It will be marked by fireworks and the flying of the Saltire from public buildings as soon as we’ve trained the Downing Street staff.
Underwriting: If none of the above works how about underwriting the entire debt of their financial service sector. Perhaps you feel this is a step too far.

RBI reportedly reluctant to raise ATM interchange feeNupur Anand |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 11:50 PM IST
RBI not keen on raising inter-bank ATM usage fee
Currently, the fee is Rs 15 per financial transaction. This has been recommended to be revised to Rs 16.50, plus service tax (12%), taking the amount to Rs 18.48
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is reportedly not keen on accepting banks’ demand to increase the interchange fee, the amount one bank charges another if its consumer uses the ATM of the non-home bank.
“There is already  a cap on ATM transactions. If we increase the fee further and based on it the banks also make changes on the amount they want to be passed on to the customer, it can hurt the customer further. As a result, the regulator is not very comfortable in revising the rates currently,” said a banker.
Currently, the fee is Rs 15 per financial transaction. This has been recommended to be revised to Rs 16.50, plus service tax (12 per cent), taking the amount to Rs 18.48. This is a fee the customer’s bank pays to the one that maintains the ATM. The first three transactions at other ATMs are free and after this, the bank can choose to pass on the cost to the consumer. But by RBI order,  banks cannot charge consumers more than Rs 20.
Last month, RBI had permitted banks to charge customers for using home-bank ATMs for more than five transactions a month. Till now, banks were only allowed to charge customers if they transacted in non-home bank ATMs more than five times in a month. That cap has also been reduced to three in the six big cities of Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bangalore and Hyderabad.
Bankers said public sector lenders have been working to keep the interchange fee low; private sector banks had been lobbying for an increase. This is because state-run banks are generally the issuer ones (which issue the card) and the private banks in most cases are the acquirer bank (the non-home bank ATM the consumer uses).
Another person familiar with the development said public sector lenders especially feel more changes should not be made in terms of fee revision. “If more banks decide to pass on the increased cost to consumers, it might lead to more branch visits, something we fear might also happen after the changes made in the number of free transactions. This, in turn, will increase the costs to banks,” said another banker.
The demand for a rise in interchange fee started after banks came under pressure to strengthen security at ATMs after the attack on a woman in a Bangalore one last year. Lenders complain the increased security will translate into increased cost and to stay profitable, the interchange fee should be increased.
HOLD ON... NOT NOW
Interchange fee: The amount a bank charges the other bank, if the latter’s consumer/customer uses the ATM of the former, a non-home bank
 
Rs 15: The fee per transaction banks are charged by another bank for use of the latter’s ATM facilities by the former’s customers
 
Rs 16.50: The recommended revised interchange fee
 
It is learnt RBI is not comfortable in revising the interchange fee soon
 
The demand for a increase in interchange fee begun after banks came under pressure to beef up security at ATMs, after the brutal attack on a woman in a Bangalore ATM last year
 Advertisements

Coal trade unions to oppose Coal India divestmentUpdated: September 11, 2014 19:36 IST
Coal trade unions to oppose Coal India divestment
Indrani Dutta
unions
"We see this as a backdoor privatisation and the proposed move is provocation enough for a strike action", Jibon Roy, general secretary of CITU affiliated All India Coal Workers Federation said.
The government’s move to divest 10 per cent shares in Maharatna public sector Coal India Ltd is set to face stiff opposition from the central trade unions, which are planning to launch their protest using the platform of a three-day work-to-rule programme from September 18.
On September 2, five coal sector unions affiliated to the central trade unions served a notice to the Chief Labour Commissioner, for observing a three day work-to-rule programme from September 18 to 20 in the mines and establishments of CIL to press for their various demands.
It has now been decided that the unions will meet in Ranchi in Jharkhand on September 21 to finalise their future course of action. “We see this as a backdoor privatisation and the proposed move is provocation enough for a strike action”, Jibon Roy, the general secretary of the CITU affiliated All India Coal Workers Federation told The Hindu.
It may be mentioned here that the trade unions had opposed the initial public offer of CIL in November 2010 when the government divested 10 per cent of its equity holding in the Maharatna public sector unit, raising a record sum of around Rs 23,000 crores. The TUs put a stiff resistance last year too, when the government planned another dose of divestment in December 2013.
The ensuing elections then and the conditions of the capital market are believed to have influenced the government of the day, to shelve that plan. This time, the Centre has proposed a 10 per cent divestment in CIL along with divestment in ONGC and NHPC..

Small commercial vehicle industry on growth pathUpdated: September 11, 2014 19:28 IST
Small commercial vehicle industry on growth path
Ramnath Subbu
Special Arrangement Dr. Wilfried Aulbur, Managing Partner, Roland Berger Strategy Consultants
TOPICS
automobile
The fortunes of the commercial vehicle (CV) industry are pegged directly to the extent of economic activity and with better news on the economic front, the Indian CV industry too is recovering. The Small Commercial vehicle (SCV) segment a relatively new category with CV industry, however, poised to see significant growth in coming years.
The need for intercity goods and passenger transportation drives the demand for SCVs and the segment was created by the launch of Tata Ace in May 2005. According to a study by Roland Berger Strategy Consultants, this segment contributed 60 per cent of CV industry sales in 2013-14.
SCVs are suitable for short intra-city trips, narrow village roads, and long highway hauls carrying small loads. The segment came into being with restrictions on overloading of cargo vehicles and restrictions on the entry of heavy commercial vehicles into city. Speaking to this correspondent, Dr. Wilfried Aulbur, Managing Partner, Roland Berger Strategy Consultants said the segment had outperformed all other CV segments.
“The SCV segment grew by around 30 per cent cumulative annual growth rate (CAGR) between 2010 and 2012 and it declined by only around 1 per cent CAGR over the last two years while the overall CV industry declined by around 11 per cent CAGR over the same period.”
This category can roughly be characterized as sub 1000cc engine. It competes with three-wheelers on the basis of cost, durability and new pollution control laws. The popularity of the Tata Ace saw several players from the three-wheeler or light CV segment enter it including Piaggio’s Ape, Mahindra’s Maxximo and Gio, Hindustan Motors’ Winner, Ashok Leyland’s Dost and Force Motors’ Trump.
“The SCV industry is expected to grow at 13 per cent CAGR till 2019-20 accounting for 80 per cent of the total market by then,” Mr. Aulbur said, adding that the future of the segment depends significantly on its increasing use in unique applications for the vehicles. “While some older applications include poultry, milk and water distribution, new applications are increasingly being developed to expand the market.”

ICICI Bank to raise at least $500 mnBS Reporter/ Agencies |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 06:54 PM IST
ICICI Bank to raise at least $500 mn
The bond issue is under its updated $ 7.5 billion Global Medium Term Note (GMTN) program
Private sector lender ICICI Bank is set to raise benchmark size dollar bonds through its Dubai branch. A benchmark size typically means at least $ 500 million. Standard & Poor's assigned 'BBB-' long-term issue rating to the proposed issue of dollar-denominated senior unsecured notes.
Moody's Investors Service on the other hand assigned a 'Baa2' rating. The bond issue is under its updated $ 7.5 billion Global Medium Term Note (GMTN) program. The bonds have maturity of 5.5 years and will be listed on the Singapore Stock Exchange. The book runners are Bank of America Merrill Lynch, HSBC, Citigroup and Deutsche Bank.
It is a Reg S bond issue which means the bonds are offered to non-US residents and qualified institutional buyers under an exception to US securities laws enacted in 1990, and do not enjoy the same legal protection as other issues.
 

Dikshit backs BJP bid; Cong shockedNew Delhi, September 11, 2014
Updated: September 12, 2014 00:17 IST
Delhi govt. formation
Sheila backs BJP bid to form govt
Vishal Kant
Former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit put the Congress on the defensive by saying the BJP should be given an opportunity to form the government in Delhi "as it will be good for the people of Delhi." (file photo)
TOPICS
state politics
The Delhi Congress distanced itself from the former Delhi CM's statement, saying it is her personal view.
The BJP’s bid to form a government in Delhi got a shot in the arm from an unusual quarter – former Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit. Contrary to her party’s stand, the Congress veteran said, in a television interview, on Thursday that there was nothing wrong in BJP trying to form a government if they have managed to get the numbers.
The Congress leadership, on the other hand, has been demanding fresh elections alleging that BJP is trying to come to power by horse-trading. Ms. Dikshit’s observation left the Congress party divided with the top leadership distancing itself from her statement stating that “it was her personal opinion”. However, party MLA from Seemapuri, Mateen Ahmed, backed the three-time Chief Minister.
Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay ‘welcomed’ the statement. “It’s a mature statement from a senior leader who knows constitutional norms well”, he said. The Aam Aadmi Party, however, said its allegation that “there is good understanding between the BJP and the Congress” stands vindicated by her statement.
Ms. Dikshit, who recently returned to Delhi after resigning as Kerala Governor, gave major embarrassment to her party when she said: “In a democracy, elected governments are always good as they represent the people. If BJP has reached such a situation that it can form government, it is good for Delhi.”
The former Chief Minister, who led her party to victory in 1998, 2003 and 2008, said none of the legislators, be it from Congress, AAP or others, want an election at this stage.

Health Insurance TPA of India gets Irda nodM Saraswathy |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 09:26 PM IST
Health Insurance TPA of India to begin operations by April
Gets Irda nod; external TPAs will continue to serve state-owned general insurers
The Health Insurance TPA of India Ltd, set up to manage the health claims of public-sector general insurers, would begin operations by April 2015, an official said. The company had secured the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) licence two months ago, he added.
TPA licences are valid for three years and can be renewed upon expiry.
However, this does not mean that the entire TPA business of public general insurers will be transferred to the Health Insurance TPA of India, said the general manager with a state-owned general insurer. This is because external TPAs will continue to serve state-owned general insurers and 50-55 per cent business would remain with them.
The Health Insurance TPA of India Ltd is a joint venture of the National Insurance Company, New India Assurance Company, United Insurance Company, Oriental Insurance Company and General Insurance Corporation of India. The first four have 23.75 per cent stake each and GIC has five per cent.
The Health Insurance TPA will look into the health claims and handle a majority of the claims received by these general insurers. Its mandate is to prevent large-scale leakages, while settling insurance claims in the health segment. It is also supposed to process the claims of public general insurers in-house.
While the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has ordered an investigation against General Insurers’ (Public Sector) Association of India and public-sector general insurers for alleged anti-competitive practices, insurance officials said the claim management process would be equally spread.
CCI has observed Opposite Parties have floated in-house TPAs to reduce their claim ratio, which could potentially result into rejection of claims on an ad-hoc basis. The Commission found the said practice not to be in alignment with the prevailing global practices, where the TPAs and insurers operate independently.
The Health Insurance TPA is expected to reduce costs for these companies, which pay a commission of six per cent of premiums to TPAs for settling claims. Currently, most claims in the health segment are handled by external players, which has increased the time taken to settle claims.
Although there are fears that claims could be rejected, officials say the new company will operate independently. “Health Insurance TPA of India would take an independent decision. The public general insurers just own shares in the company,” said an official.
The entity has been formed with an authorised capital of Rs 300 crore and a paid-up capital of Rs 10 crore.
 Advertisements

$100 billion investment likely in renewable energy in 4 years: Piyush Goyal$100 billion investment likely in renewable energy in 4 years: Piyush Goyal
By PTI | 11 Sep, 2014, 08.51PM IST
0
Share More
The government is working on a renewable energy policy to attract investments in the space by providing tax breaks and cheaper loans.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The government is expecting $ 100 billion investment in the renewable energy sector in the next four years as it firms up a new policy framework for the same.
"We expect $ 100 billion in the renewable energy sector in the next four years," Power, Coal and Renewable Energy Minister Piyush Goyal said today at Economist India summit.
He also said the government expects $ 50-60 billion investment in power transmission and distribution in the next four years.
The government is working on a renewable energy policy to attract investments in the space by providing tax breaks and cheaper loans.
The Power Ministry is focused on providing 24x7 electricity to households in the next five years.
Commenting on demand for imposing anti-dumping duty on solar panels at another event, he said: "We had ambitious plans in the solar power sector. Imposition of anti-dumping duty will kill the solar mission.
"Imposition of any such duty would have led to escalation in the tariff from solar plants," Goyal said at another event today.
He said domestic solar panel manufacturers have 'suo-moto' withdrawn their plea for such a duty.
Imports were necessary as the domestic manufacturing had not scaled up to a level wherein it could provide the required number for solar mission, he said.
"We ensured within the framework of WTO to provide adequate support to not only fulfil the current manufacturing potential but also plan for a five year significant ramp up from what they (domestic manufactures) have now, " Goyal added.
The Minister had earlier said domestic solar equipment manufacturing capacity of 700-800 MW is not sufficient to meet the government's ambitious plans of adding more power generation capacity through renewable energy sources.
The country's current installed solar capacity exceeds 2,600 MW.
Earlier in May, the Ministry of Commerce under the UPA regime had recommended imposing a restrictive duty in the range of $ 0.11-0.81 per watt on solar cells imported from the US, China, Malaysia and Chinese Taipei in a move to protect the struggling domestic industry.
The recommendations were against the backdrop of US dragging India to the WTO ( World Trade Organisation ) with respect to domestic sourcing norms for the national solar mission.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Policy push to add 69 mn non-agri  11 mn mf...ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Although the new government has undertaken measures that generate employment, a comprehensive 'pro-jobs policy' will help add 69 million non-agriculture and 11 million manufacturing jobs by 2020, credit rating agency Crisil said today.
"The government needs to take more steps towards pro-jobs policy to structurally alter the country's employment profile," Crisil said in a report.
"This involves, among other reforms, easing labour market rigidities, building world-class physical infrastructure and alleviating power shortage. This can add 69 million jobs in the non-agriculture sector and 11 million manufacturing jobs by 2020," it added.
The time is ripe for that one big, concerted push towards a pro-jobs policy that is imperative to alter India's employment profile, Crisil said.
Manufacturing sub-sectors like textiles, food products and related sectors have the potential to drive employment creation over the next five years, it pointed out.
"We believe four manufacturing sub-sectors -- textiles, food products and related sectors, non-metallic mineral products and transport equipment -- can drive employment creation over the next 5 years," it added.
However, the reality is the manufacturing sector won't be able to generate adequate employment and the labour-intensive services sector will have to pitch in, Crisil said.
"We believe the labour-intensive services sectors such as trade, hotels and restaurants, education and health, and personal and community services can add another 36 million jobs by 2020. These services will benefit from changing consumption patterns at households, a focus on urbanisation, and a push to education and better healthcare," it said.
With job opportunities in manufacturing and services rising, excessive push to unproductive job creation in the construction sector will not be necessary.
"In recent years, construction employment soared in part because of a large number of projects under the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme. We expect 13 million additions to construction jobs by 2020, compared with nearly 24 million under the status-quo scenario," it said.
Thus, the government's focus on effective implementation of pro-jobs policies coupled with education and skill development of youth will mean 10 million less people will be forced into farm employment by fiscal 2020, it pointed out.

Microsoft  SAP to bring mobile partnership t...Microsoft, SAP to bring cloud and mobile partnership to India
By PTI | 11 Sep, 2014, 09.04PM IST
Global tech giants Microsoft and SAP will bring their cloud and mobile partnership to India to help improve cloud and data interoperability and deliver new mobile and productivity to enterprises.
ET SPECIAL:
NEW DELHI: Global tech giants Microsoft and SAP will bring their cloud and mobile partnership to India to help improve cloud and data interoperability and deliver new mobile and productivity to enterprises.
Under the partnership, SAP applications will be available on Microsoft's Azure cloud platform.
The partnership will allow Indian enterprises to leverage the flexibility and scalability of Microsoft Azure for their mission critical SAP deployments, a statement said.
The partnership is expected to deliver 200-300 per cent efficiency increase in IT infrastructure deployment and savings of 40-75 per cent on total ownership costs with Azure's 'pay per use' model.
The partnership supports SAP Business Suite software, SAP Mobile Platform , SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE) and the developer edition of the SAP HANA platform on Azure.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on Twitter Follow

Telangana: Campaign for Medak Lok Sabha bypoll ends#telangana #campaign #trs #byoplls #k chandrasekhar rao #medak
Hyderabad: The campaign for the by-election to Medak Lok Sabha constituency in Telangana, scheduled for September 13, ended on Thursday evening. The election was necessitated after TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao quit as the MP after he became the Chief Minister of the newly-created state. Determined to retain the prestigious seat, TRS has fielded K Prabhakar Reddy. State ministers and other leaders campaigned hard in the constituency.
Medak is Rao's native district. Addressing a public meeting yesterday, the Chief Minister assured that all the promises made by the party such as farm loan waiver, two bedroom houses for the poor, Rs 1,000 social security pension, etc., would be fulfilled. BJP has sprung a surprise by fielding T Jayaprakash Reddy, a former Congress MLA, as the candidate of TDP-BJP combine.
Union ministers Prakash Javadekar and Sadananda Gowda addressed an election rally in the district today, asserting that Jayaprakash Reddy as the MP can ensure faster development of the region.
The election was necessitated after TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao quit as the MP after he became the Chief Minister of the newly-created state.
The main opposition Congress has fielded former minister V Sunita Laxma Reddy. No national-level leaders campaigned for her but several state Congress leaders attended campaign meetings in the district, highlighting the fact it was the UPA government which created the separate state.

Narendra Modi wants Swachh Bharat to be linked with economic activityPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 9:58 pm
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday called for making ‘Swachh Bharat’ into a mass movement and linking it to economic activity to ensure greater participation.
Chairing a high-level meeting here, he said all government departments will actively participate in the programme. Government offices up to panchayat level will be involved in a cleanliness drive that shall be carried out from September 25 till Diwali which falls on October 23.
‘Mission Swachh Bharat’ (clean India) will be launched on October 2, with Mahatma Gandhi as the inspiration, to create a clean India of his dreams by 2019, his 150th birth anniversary, a statement from the PMO said.
Modi said the pursuit of cleanliness can be an economic activity, contributing to GDP growth, reduction in healthcare costs, and a source of employment.
Linking cleanliness to tourism and global interest in India, he said world-class levels of hygiene and cleanliness are required in India’s top 50 tourist destinations, to bring about a paradigm shift in the country’s global perception.
If the people of India clean their homes around Diwali every year, why can this attitude not be extended to overall cleanliness and Swacch Bharat, Modi asked, calling for a change in governance attitude towards hygiene and sanitation.
He reiterated his vision of solid waste management and waste water management through the PPP model in 500 towns and cities across India.
In his Independence Day speech, Modi had asked everyone to be a part of the ‘Swachh Bharat’ campaign and to make it a public movement rather than just a government mission.
The meeting was attended by Union ministers Arun Jaitley, M Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari, besides other senior officers.

Yamaha set to launch updated version of FZ series  FazerApart from the aesthetic equipment, the Fazer FI Version 2.0 also borrows the powermill from the updated FZ and FZ-S, albeit without any changes.
Express News Service | Posted: September 11, 2014 9:12 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 11:08 am
It’s the year of revival of Yamaha’s ‘Lord of the streets’. After giving a comprehensive makeover to the FZ series in the form of FZ FI Version 2.0 and FZ-S FI Version 2.0, Yamaha is all set to launch the expected update of the faired version of FZ series, Fazer. The 2014 Yamaha Fazer FI Version 2.0 has finally started arriving the showrooms all over India. Though still not officially launched, the bike has been spotted at a dealership in Gurgaon, which was kept on display for the customers and on further investigation from the men at dealership, what has come to be known is that the bike is priced at Rs.94,305 (price On-road Gurgaon).
The bike retains all the cosmetic upgrades which the FZ series recently received, in the form of new body panels including the new fuel tank, side and rear body panels, new tail light, split seats, split rear pillion grab rails, tyre hugger, new exhaust pipe, new fully digital instrument console and new body graphics, retaining the muscular appeal of the bike, but in a rather athletic manner. What it gets as an addition over the naked FZs, is a half-fairing which looks like a reworked unit over that of the outgoing model, courtesy the new sharper design for the headlamp casing, pilot lamp, front visor and side panels of the fairing.
Apart from the aesthetic equipment, the Fazer FI Version 2.0 also borrows the powermill from the updated FZ and FZ-S, albeit without any changes. That means, the updated Fazer runs on the re-engineered 4-stroke, air-cooled, 149cc engine, which pumps out rather ‘unimpressive-on-paper’ figures of 13.1 PS of power and 12.8 Nm of torque. Though the engine claims to be much more refined and responsive in feel than before, with the help of the addition of Yamaha’s new ‘Blue Core’ technology and fuel-injection system. The engine continues to be coupled up with the same 5-speed gearbox as before.
Other mechanical components of the updated Fazer FI Version 2.0, though, are the same as that of the outgoing model. As far as the suspension goes, the front 41mm telescopic forks and rear monoshock will continue to be delivering the perfect balance of ride quality, making it an apt tourer. The braking combination, front disc and rear drum, will hopefully continue being perfect, though it is a bid saddening that Yamaha has decided not to give it a rear disc brake. The tyres, though retaining the same size of 100/80×17 front and 140/60×16 rear MRF rubbers, are also a bit newer, which are now made of softer compound and sporting different tread design continued…

Sun Pharma draws up plan to fix ailing RanbaxySushmi Dey |  New Delhi Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 10:30 PM IST
Sun Pharma draws up plan to fix ailing Ranbaxy
It hopes to turn around Ranbaxy within four years of closing the deal by improving efficiency and resolving all regulatory issues
The coming together of India's two very large drug makers, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries and Ranbaxy Laboratories, has created a stir in the pharmaceutical world. Sun's $3.2-billion all-share acquisition of Ranbaxy will not only create India's largest pharmaceutical company but also a significant global supplier of generic medicine. No wonder then, the deal is under tight scrutiny by many national as well as international regulators. That apart, everybody wants to know how Sun will turn Ranbaxy around, which has been in pain for several quarters now. Its four plants have been barred from selling in the United States. It admitted last year that it had falsified data while seeking approval of the United States Food & Drug Administration, or FDA, for its generic medicines, and paid a penalty of $500 million to settle the matter. It reported a consolidated net loss of Rs 186 crore for the quarter ended June 30, as compared to Rs 524 crore in the year-ago quarter.
In spite of this, there is significant value in Ranbaxy. Apart from Sun Pharma, two private equity funds and one multinational corporation too were eyeing Ranbaxy. Obviously, Ranbaxy made business sense to them. One of the suitors had told Business Standard that Ranbaxy's Indian portfolio alone was worth $2 billion. (The deal with Sun Pharma values Ranbaxy at $3.2 billion.) Its over-the-counter brands (these can be bought from the chemist without a doctor's prescription) Revital and Volini have combined annual sales of over $80 million. If one uses a multiple of seven to arrive at their value (as was done when Abbott acquired the domestic formulations business of Piramal Healthcare), these two together are worth over $550 million. Ranbaxy owns many such products. Then there is the company's branded products business in the United States, which is unaffected by the FDA alerts and is over $100 million in size.
Sun Pharma, it is learnt, has chalked out a detailed turnaround plan for its new purchase. According to sources, it has prepared a three-pronged strategy which includes integration of supply chain and field force for enhanced efficiency and productivity, resolution of regulatory issues and higher growth through synergy in domestic and emerging markets. Sun Pharma declined to comment for this report. However, sources say the company is targeting a three- to four-year period after the closure of the transaction to engineer the full turnaround of Ranbaxy. Sun Pharma is expecting to close the deal by December. "The merger of the functions of two companies of this size could be a major challenge. The first step will be to streamline and rationalise functions. While the basic structure and functions could be managed in the first year itself, to turn around the merged entity and to ensure contributions from the buyout will take at least two to three years," says a pharmaceutical industry insider.
Expert advice
Sun Pharma is also learned to have hired McKinsey & Company with a mandate that includes integration, rationalisation and optimal capacity utilisation. The consultant has been given four months to carry out the required exercise at Ranbaxy in order to ensure a smooth merger. While many senior executives of Ranbaxy have already quit after the acquisition was announced earlier in the year, the staff at the ground level are staying put. "They will have to right-size at all levels but it may not happen so randomly in the factories or with the field force," says a senior official at a consulting firm.
Currently, Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy employ around 14,000 people each. Experts say that given the current revenue contribution from Ranbaxy with respect to its employee cost, Sun Pharma would be required to immediately correct its staff-production ratio in order to keep employee cost in check once the merger is completed. Ranbaxy's export revenue is already under stress following regulatory woes in the US , the company's biggest export market. However, reducing staff strength may be challenging for Sun Pharma as rationalising workforce at the grassroots has the potential to trigger labour unrest and needs to be handled carefully, say experts.
An important element of the merger will be to avoid overlaps across departments. Industry sources say reorganisation efforts, procurement and supply-chain efficiency along with integration of support functions could be achieved in the first year itself, while revenue growth in India and other emerging markets, field-force productivity and R&D productivity would yield contributions from the second year onwards.
A major upside from the deal could be for Ranbaxy's product portfolio. Though many of the first-to-file applications of the company are pending in the US, they have the potential to give a major boost to revenues once approval comes through. Sun Pharma's efforts towards resolving Ranbaxy's regulatory issues with the FDA can help the Mumbai-based drug maker reap lucrative results in the coming years. Estimates show after the completion of the proposed transaction, the merged entity would have a market share of 9.2 per cent in India and will have leading position in many therapeutic segments like analgesics, gastroenterology, gynaecology, cardiovascular diseases and neuro sciences. However, the two companies will also have to streamline their product portfolios and field forces, as it is likely there will be an overlap here.
Industry estimates also show that in emerging markets, Sun Pharma as a combined entity would have revenue of approximately $900 million. These markets would include Russia, South Africa, Ukraine, Romania, Brazil and Malaysia. The acquisition would also provide Sun Pharma a global manufacturing base with as many as 47 production facilities across the US, Latin America, Europe and India. Also, with Daiichi Sankyo becoming a 9 per cent shareholder, Sun Pharma can access its pipeline of branded products. Industry analysts are hopeful that Ranbaxy's EBIDTA (earnings before income, depreciation, taxes and amortisation) margin can be expected to grow in the range of 15-16 per cent once synergies between the two companies accrue in the third year.
Too big for the market's good?
The Sun-Ranbaxy merger makes for a robust case for an anti-trust investigation by the Competition Commission of India, or CCI. The current rules require a combination or a merger & acquisition to seek approval from CCI if the combined assets of the enterprises are worth more than Rs 1,500 crore or if the turnover is more than Rs 4,500 crore in India. The CCI approval is also mandatory if the companies have assets outside India, or their combined assets are worth more than $750 million (Rs 4,566 crore), or if their turnover is more than $2,250 million (Rs 13,700 crore). With a combined revenue of over Rs 25,000 crore, the Sun-Ranbaxy deal clearly crosses the exemption threshold under CCI rules. However, experts suggest, the approval may not come easy, given that CCI's primary mandate is to keep a tab on anti-competitive practices. Both Sun Pharma and Ranbaxy are leading pharmaceutical companies in the domestic market. Industry estimates show there are at least two dozen medicines where the market share of the Sun-Ranbaxy combine is significantly higher than the 15 per cent threshold limit provided under competition law.
 Advertisements

2G scam: CBI can t kill anyone in the name of big case  says Court#2g #2g scam #court #cbi #enforcement directorate
New Delhi: "You cannot kill anyone under the name of big case", a special court sternly told CBI on Thursday while strongly disapproving the agency's tactics of producing additional documents in the 2G spectrum allocation scam resulting in the case getting delayed. Special CBI Judge OP Saini made it clear that CBI cannot keep "withholding" documents and keep approaching the court seeking permission to file fresh material on record.
"There is no limit to this. I know even if I allow it, it is not going to end after that also. The cases will be endless then and no body would have faith in courts. "I am so liberal and every time I allow your application even if defence counsel opposes. You file additional documents saying it is a big case so please allow it. But you cannot kill anyone under the name of big case," the judge said.
The judge also added, "My only query is why you (CBI) were withholding them earlier...Why there is so much of delay and why you had not filed it earlier." The observations came while the court was hearing CBI's arguments in the 2G case seeking its permission to summon some additional witnesses, including Enforcement Directorate (ED's) Deputy Director Rajeshwar Singh, in the case.
Special CBI Judge OP Saini made it clear that CBI cannot keep "withholding" documents and keep approaching the court seeking permission to file fresh material on record.
CBI has also sought permission to place some additional documents on record saying these documents were necessary to arrive at a truth.

Set up chairs in name of Swami Vivekananda: Smriti Irani to VCs#swami vivekananda #smriti irani #tracking the modi government #religions #chicago
New Delhi: HRD Minister Smriti Irani on Thursday asked vice chancellors of both central and state universities to set up chairs in the name of Swami Vivekananda to study his life and teachings.
"On this day in 1893, Swami Vivekananda delivered his famous speech at the World Parliament of Religions in Chicago," she said, adding the VCs should take this opportunity to set up the chairs. She also announced a 'swachh vidyalaya' campaign to ensure functional toilets in every school by 2015 and an initiative to enable girl students transit from school to post-school professional education especially in science and mathematics.
A single girl child scholarship scheme called Swami Vivekananda scholarship programme was also announced under which 300 scholars would be provided junior research fellowship between Rs 8000 to Rs 10,000 per month.
"On this day in 1893, Swami Vivekananda delivered his famous speech at the World Parliament of Religions in Chicago," the HRD Minister said.
Talking to reporters, Irani said the 'swachh vidyalaya' campaign will ensure that a functional toilet is available in every school before August 15, 2015 in keeping with the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The Udaan initiative of CBSE will enable disadvantaged girl students and other students from SC/ST and minorities to transit from school to post-school professional education especially in science and mathematics. "The first flight of UDAAN is to address lower enrolment of girls in engineering colleges which is currently about 23 per cent girls as against 77 per cent of boys." The CBSE will provide free and online resources to the entire student population with special incentives and support to a thousand selected disadvantaged girls per year," a government statement said.
Besides, an AICTE scheme 'Providing Assistance for Girls Advancement in Technical Education Initiative' has been launched under which 4000 girls are expected to get benefit of scholarships available per annum.
HRD Ministry has also rolled out an 'Ishan Vikas' programme to bring selected students from the school and college levels from the northeastern states into close contact with the IITs, NITs and IISERs during their vacation periods.
UGC has launched a new scheme called Dr S Radhakrishnan Post Doctoral Fellows in Social Sciences. Under the scheme, 300 fellowships of Rs 25,000 per month and HRA etc. would be awarded for a period of three years to the selected fellows. AICTE has also announced 1000 scholarships per annum to eligible candidates to pursue PhD in CSIR/DRDO labs or other reputed institutions.
Leading academic institutions have been identified to take up research work in a particular domain such as health care or energy, defence or water resource or river system. There would be research groups carrying forward research in these particular domain and each group will be headed by eminent experts to formulate time-bound plans of action. IIT-Kharagpur has been identified to carry out research work in health, computer science and ICT, IIT Madras in defence and manufacturing and IIT Bombay in energy and nano-technology and hardware.

Oral health a major threat to public health  says President#president #pranab mujherjee #oral health #oral diseases #tooth decay #fdi annual world dental congress #indian dental association
New Delhi: Underlining that oral diseases pose a major threat to public health, President Pranab Mukherjee on Wednesday said that they have become leading health problems resulting from tobacco use, alcohol and changing life style. Inaugurating the FDI Annual World Dental Congress hosted by the Indian Dental Association at Greater Noida, Mukherjee said that most people are ignorant of the significance of oral health and its impact on general health.
"The standards of oral and dental health are challenging in this subcontinent. Most people are ignorant of the significance of oral health and its impact on general health. Oral diseases and tooth decay were considered a part of the ageing process and ignored by a large number of people," he said at the function.
Mukherjee complimented FDI and the United Nations for recognition of oral diseases as a part of non-communicable diseases such as diabetes, cardiovascular diseases, stroke, chronic respiratory diseases and cancer, on account of their sharing certain common risk factors.
Inaugurating the FDI Annual World Dental Congress hosted by the Indian Dental Association at Greater Noida, Mukherjee said that most people are ignorant of the significance of oral health and its impact on general health.
"What we need today in India is an Oral Health Revolution similar to the Green Revolution and White Revolution," the President said. He said that dental caries affect 60-80 per cent of our children and periodontal (gum) disease affect nearly 90-95 per cent of  the population.
The President also highlighted surge in oral cancer cases in the country with tobacco use being the leading cause behind the fatal disease. "Dentists often are the first to detect any pre-cancerous lesions in the mouth. I am informed that IDA has set up an Oral Cancer Foundation for early detection and treatment of oral cancer along with Tobacco Intervention Initiative for tobacco cessation," he said.
Mukherjee said that an Oral Cancer Registry has also been set up to register exclusively oral cancer cases. The President said that there is a need to sensitize school children about the basic needs of oral healthcare with an emphasis on general health.
"Regular dental check-up camps at schools, which IDA has been organizing, will spread awareness of oral health and hygiene. IDA must work out with the school authorities to reach the maximum number of schools for preventive oral healthcare amongst the school children," he said. The President said with the spread of information about the diseases among patients and their expectations bring a challenge before the professional capabilities of healthcare service providers.
"To meet these expectations, you need to devise methodology to deliver comfortable and affordable dental care to the community and adopt innovative procedures and technology," he said. The President said the use of information technology and digitalisation of patient records have given a new dimension to oral healthcare.
"Latest technologies have significantly improved diagnostic quality, patient comfort and efficiency in dental care. Healthcare is under digital transformation and it is redefining virtually every aspect of clinical practice and related business activity," he said. The President said that IDA must work out how the young population of the country can be utilised by skilling more number of people in oral healthcare sector with the twin purpose of generating the employment as well as creating access of quality oral healthcare to over 1.2 billion population of this country.

India s farm subsidy well below WTO cap of 10 pc#india #wto #rice #wheat #food subsidy
New Delhi: India's farm subsidies are well below the WTO's cap of 10 per cent and the developed world should move ahead with finding a permanent solution for stock piling of grains for food security purposes, an official said.
According to a WTO filing, India has given a total farm subsidy of $56 billion, of which trade distorting subsidy amounts to only $13.8 billion for 23 commodities, including rice and wheat.
Explaining India's position, the official said that the food subsidy provided by the Indian government for paddy during 2010-11 worked out to be only around 6 per cent of the total output of the commodity in value terms.
According to a WTO filing, India has given a total farm subsidy of $56 billion, of which trade distorting subsidy amounts to only $13.8 billion for 23 commodities, including rice and wheat.
In case of wheat, the subsidy is negative one per cent. The US and other WTO members have strongly criticized India for not notifying its farm support for a long time. "The US and other developed countries have alleged that India is not notifying its agri subsidies because it has breached the 10 per cent cap. But now we have filed the notification to the WTO for seven years (2004-2005 to 2010-2011).
"It has completed its obligations and India is well below and within the de minimis level (10 per cent ) for all its major crops. Now there is no excuse with the developed world to engage with India in finding a permanent solution for its food security issues," the official said.
The subsidy filing would help India in pushing for finding a permanent solution for its public stock holding for food security purposes. India has asked WTO to amend the norms for calculating agriculture subsidies so that the country could continue to procure foodgrains from farmers at minimum support price and sell them to poor at cheaper rates without violating the norms.
The current WTO norms limit the value of food subsidies at 10 per cent of the total value of food grain production. However, the quantum of subsidy is computed after taking into consideration prices that prevailed two decades ago.
The WTO has resumed work at Geneva from September 1 after a month long vacation.
India had decided not to ratify WTO's Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), which is dear to the developed world, without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution.

A Message From A Man To Men On Planning Your Weddingreddit
The other night I was out at the bar when a co-worker asked me how the planning was going for my upcoming wedding. I told him my fiancée and I had been busy: just the night before we'd been up until almost 2 a.m. sealing and stamping over 100 invitations.
"Wow," said my co-worker, who'd gotten married a year or so ago. "I never had to do any of that stuff." When I asked him why, he answered: "I just couldn't be trusted."
Wait, what? Couldn't be trusted to lick envelopes? Was he serious?
He was. The alarming thing is that my co-worker's disconnection from his own wedding planning isn't unique to him. Many guys -- perhaps most -- rely almost entirely on their significant others to plan their nuptials. "Girls just care more about this stuff," said a male friend of mine recently whose now-wife planned pretty much his entire wedding, despite the fact that she works long hours at a high-stress job.
My male friend is right -- a lot of the time, women legitimately care more. But not 500 percent more, which is about how much more work they do than most of us.
The author, hard at work making the centerpieces for his wedding.
As anyone who's done it knows, wedding planning is an extremely labor-intensive process, especially if you want to have a unique experience instead of just a generic hotel package deal. Vendors must be interviewed, contracts drawn up. Excel spreadsheets have to be created to keep track of everything from budgets to guest lists to gift registries. Menus must be curated, centerpieces designed. The list goes on, and on. And on.
My soon-to-be wife and a small group of women were recently helping a friend package the friend's wedding invitations. It was a big job, and required four people to do it. When the friend's fiancée got home from work that night, did he sit down to help? Nope -- he went straight to the couch and flipped on the TV.
That kind of behavior is what gives us guys a bad reputation. But, almost-married dudes, I'm here to tell you: we don't have to have one. We can (Breaking news!) help plan our weddings. Is it so hard to spend a Saturday afternoon at Crate & Barrel choosing garlic presses, placemats, cheese boards and crock pots for the registry? Will it take that long to make a custom playlist of songs that are special to you and your fiancée? And is it too much to ask that we run a few Google searches like "What is thermography?" and "Why would I ever need table-runners?" so that we can be knowledgable about such things?
Some guys reading this will probably say, "Well, I paid for my wedding, so I don't think I need to do all that work." Maybe that's true. But did your fiancée know that was how things were going to be when you proposed? I'm guessing you guys may not have had that conversation.
It's true there were many things my fiancée -- and her parents, God bless their generous, Midwestern souls -- did without any help from me. There were times, after a long day at work, when the discussions about guest lodging or the flowers did me in. But if I stepped away from the wedding planning, I made sure to be helpful in other ways. I ran errands for Adele; I did the dishes and the grocery shopping; I cooked countless dinners for us; I packed us lunches to take to work.
Basically, I carried my damn weight, because to do otherwise would have been unacceptable. After all, marriage is supposed to be a partnership. You may as well get started.
Follow Hunter Stuart on Twitter: www.twitter.com/hoont
More:

EC orders hate speech FIR against YogiBJP MP Yogi Adityanath addressing media. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 10:18 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 8:56 am
Two days after issuing a notice to BJP MP Yogi Adityanath for allegedly violating the provisions of the Model Code of Conduct by invoking religion to garner votes during a poll meeting in Noida, the Election Commission on Thursday reprimanded the Gorakhpur MP and cautioned him to be careful.
ALSO READ:  Every BJP candidate loves Yogi
“In the commission’s considered view, you have violated the provisions of MCC as mentioned in the commission’s notice dated September 9, 2014. The commission reprimands you for the said misconduct and cautions you to be careful in future in making public utterances during election speeches to avoid any further violation of the Model Code of Conduct,” the EC said in its order. The words “reprimand’ and “cautions” were marked in bold and underlined.
ALSO READ:  FIR against Yogi Adityanath for defying ban on poll meeting 
The EC also directed the Uttar Pradesh Chief Electoral Officer to ensure that an FIR is filed against Adityanath. “Kindly intimate if any FIR has been filed in the matter. If not, then the concerned district authorities should be directed to file case under Section 125 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951 and Section 153 A, Section 295 A and Section 505 of the Indian Penal Code,” it said. It has sought a compliance report by 5 pm on Friday.
ALSO READ:  Permission cancelled but Yogi Adityanath goes ahead with poll meeting
On September 9, the EC issued a showcause notice to Adityanath following a report by the District Gautam Buddh Nagar wherein the BJP MP was accused of delivering an inflammatory speech and invoking religion in a bid to seek votes in Noida on September 7, in the run-up to the September 13 bypolls. The DEO had attached a CD and some press clippings with the report.
“Ram Bharat ki astha hai… Bharatiya rashtriyata ka prateek hain… Aap sabse kehna chahoonga ki Ram ki parampara mein jo log vishwas karte hain, Ram Rajya ki sthapana chahte hain UP mein bhi… Aap se anurodh hai ki 13 tareekh ko padne wala ek-ek vote Bhajapa ke paksh mein jaana chahiye (Ram is a symbol of Indian nationality… Those who believe in Ram, want Ram Rajya, I urge them to vote for the BJP),” Adityanath was reported to have said.
Adityanath also allegedly said that while a loudspeaker was removed from a temple in Moradabad, they are allowed in mosques, and when some young workers objected to this, they were put in jail. He also allegedly said that those who trouble Hindus with riots will have to pay dearly.
Not accepting Adityanath’s contention that this “speech was, in totality, aimed at the objective of complete religious harmony”, the EC on Thursday stated that the “CD covering your speech manifestedly shows that you invoked religion and made appeal on this ground of religion to secure votes for your continued…
The Election Commission reprimanded the Gorakhpur MP and cautioned him to be careful.

Rajasthan may introduce toilet criterion for panchayat pollsUpdated: September 12, 2014 00:08 IST
Rajasthan may introduce ‘toilet criterion’ for panchayat polls
Aarti Dhar
The Hindu. A man comes out of a newly-built toilet in Rajasthan. Rajasthan government proposes to amend its Panchayati Raj Act to make toilets one of the eligibility criteria for those aiming to contest panchayati raj elections. File photo
TOPICS
Rajasthan
Rajasthan government proposes to amend its Panchayati Raj Act to make toilets one of the eligibility criteria for those aiming to contest panchayati raj elections. Following the amendment, those who do not have a functional toilet in their house may be declared ineligible to contest.
Additionally, the Panchayati Raj Department is also contemplating to disincentivise the government staff posted in rural areas if they defecate in the open.
The proposal comes in the wake of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's call for construction of toilets in all houses and schools in the country. In less than a month since then, the State Panchayati Raj Minister Gulab Chand Kataria sent a proposal to the Chief Minister suggesting that Section 19 of the Panchayati Raj Act, 1994 be amended to make it mandatory for all elected representatives to have a functional toilet in his/her house. The eligibility criteria for contesting PRI elections should also include toilets in the houses of the contestants, the proposal says, adding that this would motivate people to construct and use toilets in their homes.
Once approved by the Chief Minister, the proposal would be cleared in the Assembly or implemented through an Ordinance as the Panchayat elections in Rajasthan are scheduled in January next year. The government believes there are approximately 5.25 lakh panchayats in the State and there are at least four contestants for each post which would automatically ensure lakhs of toilets at the grassroot levels before January.
Only 29.57 per cent houses in Rajasthan have toilets, and at least 30 per cent of the elected representatives do not have toilets in their houses.
Similarly, the government is also contemplating withholding increments of its employees posted in rural areas if they do not have toilets at home. These include teachers, doctors, and those employed with the Agriculture, Excise and other departments. If one were to believe official figures, 10-20 per cent of teachers defecate in the open. There are about four lakh teachers in Rajasthan.

Senate Questions Sandoval Aides About Tesla DealIf it's not stuck in your head now, it will be in a few seconds. Transylvania University's Delta Sigma Phi created a...
YouTube

Transports rise  find support at moving averageYahoo, brewers among most active premarket; futures flat
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
Alibaba Group Anheuser-Busch InBev NASDAQ
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Yahoo  was the most traded stock on the Nasdaq in premarket action on Monday as traders looked for ways to step in front of Alibaba Group's  debut, expected on the NYSE later this week.
Alibaba's could be the largest initial public offer in history and has seen "overwhelming" interest, meaning Yahoo's 23 percent stake could be worth more next week than it is now. Yahoo stock was up 1.2 percent with more than 600,000 shares already traded.

Millennials are forcing change on the TV industryand making it betterThis post has been updated. 
Will September, 2014 go down as the month Hollywood finally figured out millennials?
Here has what has happened in the past few days:
Time Warner, the owner of HBO, made its most encouraging comments  yet on the prospect of it unshackling HBO Go. CEO Jeff Bewkes said the company was ” seriously considering what is the best way to deal with online distribution” for the service;  that “the broadband opportunity is getting quite a bit bigger” and the ability to sell HBO Go on a standalone basis is “becoming more viable, more interesting.”
At the same conference today, 21st Century Fox chief operating officer Chase Carey said his company was exploring skinned down and personalized internet-based TV products. “That 20-year-old segment, is a segment over time we have to address,” he said. “There there are a different set of habits… We want to make sure we figure out how we make products that work for them, but products that work for us and we think there are real opportunities to do it”
Viacom, the owner of Paramount Pictures, MTV, Nikelodeon, Comedy Central and other channels, struck a “landmark” deal with Sony for a new internet-TV service being offered by the Japanese media and technology conglomerate. It will also include Viacom’s movies on demand.
Dish Networks, the satellite pay TV company,  inched forward with its plans for a personalized, internet streaming product aimed at “cord cutters, cord nevers… and cord haters”. The service will likely be called Nutv. We already know that it will include content from the Walt Disney Company, including, crucially, ESPN. The sports juggernaut was heretofore pretty much only available through a full pay-TV subscription. Macquarie analyst Amy Yong this week described the service as a “killer app” that will “shake up the landscape and target a hard-to-reach generation.”
Four of the biggest Hollywood studio companies—Time Warner, Fox, Viacom, Sony—are alert to the reality that consumers, particularly younger ones, want to be able to watch their favorite shows over internet on the device of their choosing. Three of them are progressing with concrete plans to make that easier.
There is conflicting evidence about the magnitude of “cord-cutting” (abandoning pay-TV subscriptions) among Americans aged between 18-33. But it is safe to conclude that they are less likely to sign up for pay-TV subscriptions in the first place. As the age cohort becomes increasingly important (Goldman Sachs said in May it expects millennials to eclipse baby boomers in discretionary spending within 5 years)  it is becoming increasingly important for companies to tailor products for them.
In television, it is starting to happen.
Update 3:51pm. Quotes from Chase Carey have been updated to reflect a more detailed transcript provided by FactSet.
Share this:

Intro to computer science is now the most popular course at HarvardMax Nisen @MaxNisen
September 11, 2014
Harvard students know which way the wind is blowing. According to a report from the Harvard Crimson , the school’s introductory computer science class (CS50) has a record 818 undergraduates this fall. Twelve percent of undergraduates are taking the course, making it the most popular Harvard course in at least a decade.
Here’s the increase in course enrollment since 2004, the year Mark Zuckerberg created Facebook in his Harvard dorm room:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Despite its reputation as one of the school’s hardest courses, CS50 has surpassed the perennial favorite, Principals of Economics (Ec10A). There appears to be some cannibalization: CS50 enrollment jumped to 818, from 768 last year. Ec10A enrollment dropped to 711, from 772.
It’s a rational response to rapidly rising salaries for computer science graduates, reports of skill shortages, and the growing roster of tech billionaires.
Share this:

Orbit Corporation postpones board meetingOrbit Corporation postpones board meeting
Power ministry wants to use reserve capacity to ensure 24X7 supplyBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Saarc countries planning to set up common power gridBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

To be a global car maker  we need to be in India: Mary BarraSharmistha Mukherjee |  New Delhi Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 11:47 PM IST
To be a global car maker, we need to be in India: Mary Barra
Interview with CEO, General Motors
On her maiden visit to India as chief executive officer of General Motors, Mary Barra visited the company’s facility in Talegaon, Pune, drove cars, and met suppliers, dealers and the business community to understand the needs of the Indian customer. In conversation with Sharmistha Mukherjee, Barra says GM is working on putting out the right products here because it will be difficult to make a mark globally without India. Edited excerpts:
GM has been in India for nearly two decades, yet sales have remained negligible.
The Indian market is very very important when you look at the fact that many predict by 2020 it will be the third largest car market behind China and the US. It was good to be here, to meet many in the business community, to meet suppliers and dealers, to look at our operations. It has been a great visit because I see a lot of opportunity here.
Very obviously, it starts with putting the customer at the centre. When you look at the customer in India, he has got great choices.
To win in this market we need to make sure we come to the marketplace with great vehicles, not only safe and of the highest quality but beautifully designed and with the right features so that they distinguish themselves and then finally over the lifetime of the vehicle to ensure it is a great experience.
At GM, our goal is clear. We want to be a highly respected automobile company globally. And, if we are not in the Indian market,  that makes it very difficult.
How will GM go about setting things right?
We are focused on five priorities. First, we understand that the customer is at the centre and our goal is to earn customers for life. We also understand the importance of brands and we want to make sure that we grow our brands. Our two global brands are Cadillac and Chevrolet — Chevrolet is the brand that we have in the Indian market.
We also want to make sure we are the leaders in technology and innovation, but it is not tech for technology’s sake.
We want to make sure that the technology we invest in creates direct value for the consumer.
We have an opportunity to drive for more efficiencies. We recently named our vice-president for operational excellence to make sure that in a very disciplined fashion we drive in efficiencies across the business — not only in manufacturing and engineering but across all aspects.
And, the fifth priority is to start instilling a culture to win. That is an important reason to be here this week, to get to spend time with the GM team in India and see their passion and their knowledge of the customer, their relationship with the dealer. It has been a beneficial week from that perspective.
GM operations in India and China are a study in contrast. How do you intend to change things in India?
When you highlight China, there we play in the core segments. Here we are on the fringes, or not present in some of the major segments. So what we are assessing is what is the right product portfolio. And it is not just today. We are looking at the horizon. The technical capability that GM has, we need to make sure we are bringing the right products to the market place.
What is the road map for product interventions in India and across the globe?
If I step around the world for a minute to look at places other than India, we have strong products lined up across the globe. In Europe, we will be launching 27 new Opel models between 2014 and 2018. In the US, from 2013-14 we have launched 32 new vehicles. In China with our partners we will introduce 17 new and upgraded models. In the international operations, including India, we have about 40 new products.
Right here in India, nearly 75 per cent of our sales are from either new or majorly redesigned products. So, we know that is our lifeline.
Besides, product introduction would you say that regaining customer confidence in the GM brand is a major area of concern for you given the recalls that have taken place in the company?
I would say as we go through the business we cannot escape the fact that we have had some challenges from the recall perspective. We have dealt with those in a very straight forward manner by being transparent, by doing what is right for the customer and making sure we learn from it so that it never happens again.
We continue to look at issues but our goal is fundamentally to make sure we improve our development process for new vehicles, to make sure we build defect free vehicles for the future. But if along the way we see that if there is a problem with the product, we will take appropriate action.
There has been a huge focus on improving quality across the company for each of the markets we participate in. I can tell you that earlier this year our VP of quality and customer experience visited our plants and did a product assessment. There was active work that was kicked off at the time.
We did exhaustive work to see if the problem on one vehicle was therein any other across our fleet, that is substantially complete. We launched the product integrity organisation where we benchmarked and incorporated learnings from industries like aerospace and nuclear that require a true zero defect mentality. If at any point in time, we learn there is an issue we will do a recall.
We have done a lot of work to make sure we have strong products. We will do the right thing and we are working hard to make sure that the new vehicles have even higher levels of quality.
GM continues to make losses in India. By when will Indian operations turn around and make money?
I am not going to speak specifically about the Indian market because again this trip was to come and spend time in many aspects that are critical for the business, meeting with our dealers, meeting with our suppliers, meeting with key members of business community to assess.
I think yes we have been here a long time and as we move forward and it is something we are doing in every market – making sure we put products in. We want to be not only a competitor in the market segment that we are in and in the countries we are in, but we want to lead.
Will you look at introducing the Cadillac brand in India?
Right now we are intent on achieving the true luxury status that Cadillac had held for many years. The most recent products launched in some markets, the ATS and CTS are award winning and the Escalade is doing well in North America.
We still have work to do to strengthen the brand. We are seeing great success in China and as we move forward and continue to build we will consider many markets around the globe. But we will do that in a very measured way, when we have to have the right product to lead from a segment perspective.
You are the first woman to head major auto company. Is that challenging?
I work in an industry that is incredibly exciting. It is challenging, global and ever-changing. I have never looked at it that way (that it is a men’s industry), its an industry I love and I am second generation into the auto industry. I have had big opportunities presented to me by GM through my career, from graduate level to education, and I have worked in many parts of the business.
I want GM India to provide a great opportunity for women. I encourage women to look into the maths and science arena. I am an engineer and I think that is the strength of India – it has a high graduation rate with technical degrees for both men and women. I would say they should continue to push for opportunities and look at GM India.
How do you see GM 10 years down the line? Will you be able to retain your leadership position?
We have demonstrated across many continents that we have the ability to do award winning products. We have a well defined game plan as we go forward and have set out very aggressive targets for ourselves for which we have the capital installed across the globe. I hope to improve upon our leadership position.
 Advertisements

In 5 months  equity schemes recoup 75% of 5 years outflowsBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Will India pip China in cotton outputBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Myntra working on propositions like HRX in women s spaceBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Russian  Middle Eastern wealthy own most expensive yachtsBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Govt set to give SEZs a fresh lease of lifeBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Gujarat High Court strikes down part of RBI default noteBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Skoda launches Yeti compact SUV at a price tag of Rs 18.99 lakhBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Difficult to sustain global growth without improving in India: BarraBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Working on sops to attract $100 bn for renewable energy: GoyalBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Fresh  detailed norms for drug patent filing examinersBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

The Real Reasons Women Like Ray Rice s Wife Janay Stayreddit
I usually tune out when the newscast segues into sports, because there's only so much space in my skull, but this particular story was at the intersection of sports and gender politics, so I listened. The commentator was outraged about the brief, two-game suspension of Ravens' running back Ray Rice received after he beat his then-fiancée unconscious -- on camera -- in a casino elevator.  You get a five-game suspension for smoking a joint, he gasped, and that stuff's practically legal!
I don't care about the length of the suspension nor do I give a crap about the Ravens (they're from Baltimore, apparently). What I noticed was the then-fiancée part. "Well, at least she had the brains to walk out before he beat her to death," I thought. Then I heard the reason that she's his then-fiancée: Not because she left him, but because she married him the day after a grand jury indicted him on charges of aggravated assault. Janay Palmer -- her name is rarely mentioned in all these Ray Rice stories; it's Janay -- is his then-fiancée only because she's his now-wife.
Why, then, does an abused woman stay with her abuser? I don't speak to this as a family court judge, or a social worker, or a marriage and family counselor. I speak as a woman whose first husband beat her black and blue, and who nonetheless stayed with him until we were forcibly separated by the State of California, because men and women go to different jails.
I know why I stayed. I know why many other women have stayed, because they told me.
I also know why lots of men think that Janay stayed. They think she stays because Ray Rice got $35 million when he signed with the Ravens. (They're from Baltimore. Did I mention that?) There are just a lot of men who think that, deep down, all women are hos. They don't seem to realize this makes them all johns. I used to write a show called Players, which was Ice T's series television debut, and we would debate this endlessly on set. Relationships are a transaction, he said; sex is currency. He explained he didn't believe in monogamy because "As much money as I'm bringing home, she should be going out and finding girls for me."
FYI, I don't seriously believe that's how T actually conducts his marriage. But I do believe it colors his worldview. He would say Janay stays in an abusive marriage because it's the pricetag for the Bentley and the bling.
I never thought of the violence as a price. I thought of it as a sign of passion. He only got so jealous because he loooved me so much. He was so possessive only because he loooved me so much. He never meant to hurt me, he was always so apologetic, and who had ever been -- or would ever be again -- so totally out of his mind crazy about me?
Plus, we were pretty high pretty often. Over-reactiveness and the inability to make good decisions were already in our wheelhouse.
But perhaps the most insightful and complex explanation for why women don't leave their abusers was told to me by Leslie Morgan Steiner. Actually, she told it to everyone; she gave a TED talk. She said she stayed not because she was weak, that the self-esteem was beaten out of her. No, she says, "I was a very strong woman in love with a deeply troubled man, and I was the only person on Earth who could help [him] face his demons." She stayed because she thought she was noble. I stayed because I thought I was loved. I don't know what Janay Rice's denial mechanism is.
It's possible that, underneath it all, though, we stay because our brains are wired wrong.  I know I was addicted to the oxytocin produced by having a man in my life -- no matter how awful a man. And if my brain didn't have cocaine, it would settle for the dopamine and adrenaline stimulated by the anticipation of physical violence. Abusive relationships are like most drugs: They get you high, and they also suck.
One in three women are (or will be) victims of partner abuse or stalking. Are you one of them? Why do you stay?
The title of this piece, in case you didn't recognize it, is also the title of the Crystals' 1962 song "He Hit Me (and it Felt Like a Kiss.)  Gerry Goffin and Carole King wrote it after Little ("Locomotion") Eva told them her boyfriend beat her, but it was okay; he only did it because he loved her. The record was produced by Phil Spector, who finally did succeed in murdering a woman.
Follow Ethlie Ann Vare on Twitter: www.twitter.com/LoveAddict_Book
More:

Peace and prosperity through security and stabilitysummit
Russia will use its presidency of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation to advocate for coordinated steps on the economy, financial sector, energy and food security
The Shanghai Cooperation Organisation summit, to be held in Dushanbe on September 11 and 12, will be attended by the leaders of Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, China, Russia, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan, heads and senior representatives of observer states, international organisations and other guests.
The SCO has become an influential organisation and an important factor in the emergence of a new polycentric world order. The organisation has worked to bring about tangible improvements in the security and multilateral political, economic and humanitarian cooperation of member states.
As a result, the role of the SCO in international and regional affairs is on the rise, attracting the attention of many countries and international organisations. Pakistan, India, and Iran want to become full members of the SCO, while more and more countries are seeking observer or dialogue partner status.
Secret to success
What is the secret to the success and appeal of the SCO? The answer is simple: our steadfast commitment to the United Nations Charter and fundamental international norms and laws; to the principles of equality, mutual respect, consideration of each other’s interests, resolving conflicts and disputes by political and diplomatic means, and the right of nations to choose their own path of development. These principles are consistent with the goal of ensuring a stable and democratic international system. The SCO is fully in tune with the realities and demands of the 21st century, unlike the relics of a past era that rely on rigid adherence to discipline that exists within particular blocs of countries.
“Russia will use its presidency of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation to advocate for coordinated steps on the economy, financial sector, energy and food security”
During Russia’s SCO presidency, which will begin right after the Dushanbe Summit, we plan to focus on better equipping the SCO to handle the many challenges facing the world today and on working together to adequately respond to events in the region and the world.
Coordinated approaches to common challenges will be reflected in the Strategy for the SCO’s Development to 2025, which will be finalised in time for the meeting of the council of heads of the SCO member states in Ufa in 2015. The document is designed to deepen cooperation within the SCO while expanding cooperation with leading multilateral institutions such as the U.N. and its specialised agencies. It also contains provisions on establishing relations with the Eurasian Economic Union.
Regional security
Regional security remains the SCO’s top priority. Other priorities include building up joint capabilities to combat terrorism, extremism, and drug trafficking, especially amid the worsening situation in Afghanistan. This will be achieved by strengthening the SCO’s Regional Counter-Terrorism Structure, implementing the Anti-Drug Strategy, and regular counter-terrorism training. The SCO Peace Mission 2014 exercises held in China on August 24 to 29 confirmed that the member states are prepared to deal with emerging threats. The SCO has been clear that it does not seek to create a military-political alliance. However, its core principles include preventing unlawful acts that harm the interests of member states.
In the face of complex and interrelated challenges, Russia will use its presidency of the SCO to advocate for coordinated steps on the economy, financial sector, energy and food security.
The continuing instability of the global economy and the risks of another crisis demand greater economic cooperation. Plans are being outlined to make broader use of national currencies in settlements. Prospects are good for launching large multilateral projects in transport, energy, innovative research and technology, agriculture, and the peaceful use of outer space, though the optimal funding mechanism for such projects remains to be determined. The SCO Business Council, Interbank Consortium, and Energy Club are at the forefront of expanding practical cooperation among member states.
The SCO is rapidly forming a common research, educational, cultural and humanitarian space. Work is underway to expand the SCO university network and to institutionalise information cooperation. And the planned joint celebrations of the 70th anniversary of victory in the Second World War will be a clear indication of the member states’ commitment to preserving our shared historical memory and strengthening mutual trust, including through the Youth Council and the SCO Forum.
The Dushanbe Summit will also formalise the legal, administrative and financial requirements for admitting new SCO members, making it possible to start expanding the organisation during the Russian presidency. At the same time, we will continue to engage with observer states and dialogue partners.
I strongly believe that, in close cooperation with our partners, we will be able to accelerate the SCO’s development and further enhance its role in promoting peace and prosperity in the region.
(Sergey Lavrov is the Foreign Minister of Russia.)

How To Survive A Bad Boss: Learnings From Hewlett-Packard s Mike Nefkensreddit
BRAVE leadership is never easy and it becomes harder when you are under scrutiny and pressure from your managers, clients and team. We are often forced into leadership styles that aren't our own, but it takes confidence and credibility to drive your own leadership style. Mike Nefkens' story of surviving at HP by engaging in his own style of leadership, allowed his team and business to thrive. Bringing in your own style can help guide you through similar challenges by clarifying what matters and why, pausing to accelerate, and rallying the team around the cause.
The Nefkens Way
Nefkens thinking is fundamentally aligned with the BRAVE Leadership framework. He has demonstrated an ability to pause to accelerate, digging deeply into the context, aligning stakeholders around what matters and why, and clarify choices around how to win before moving on to build the team and deliver the right impact so all "cross the goal line together". He prides himself on "putting myself out there as an example", building great teams that are "smarter, different and more flexible and adaptable".
The Challenge
This approach flies in the face of managers who say "We need the financials improved now." They have no patience with taking the time to dig into the situation and converge before evolving the organization. Nefkens explained how HP's CEO Leo Apotheker "didn't understand" his approach and "didn't choose" him to do the job Meg Whitman later put him in because she did understand and believe in his approach. It's hard to earn the right to lead without having the space to do so. Part of this is leveraging the seven keys to adjusting to a new boss.
Overcoming the Challenge
Nefkens earned the right to lead by volunteering for assignments others didn't want. He joined HP in 2003 as an account executive on the Delphi business. "Everyone" thought Delphi's CIO was "a challenging client (put mildly)". Worse, she got a vote on who got the job and had interviewed 21 people who all looked and thought the same before HP sent over Nefkens. She needed a different solution than what she was receiving.
During eight months of learning about his new client and the business, Nefkens realized he had two major forces in which to contend: Delphi wanted more from HP and HP's management was unhappy with the financial returns on the account. Previous account executives had tried to improve HP's margins by cutting costs (and service). This had predictable results: downwardly spiraling client satisfaction.
So Nefkens rallied the team and his management around a different paradigm. Instead of "managing to the contract" they would "work together to solve business problems". Instead of leading with cost cutting, they would "get the service right and the client happy", and then "work on improving the returns".
Results
The team rallied around the vision. They improved service levels, earning the client's confidence and trust and the right to provide additional services that improved everyone's productivity and returns. The team won account of the year, which meant extra bonuses and recognition for all.
Now Nefkens heads up all of HP's Enterprise Services. In talking about that group, Whitman recently noted that she can "feel the increased confidence from our customers."
Implications for you
Be honest with yourself about what matters to you and why -- and what you're willing to give up to get it. Nefkens might have gotten promoted earlier if he'd bent to the prevailing HP way at the time. But he and his teams would not have been as successful over time.
Pause to accelerate. This is one of the fundamental ideas in executive onboarding. It's applicable to people moving into new companies, taking on new roles within their existing company, and to people picking up new accounts or teams. This is a core part of Nefkens approach - and should be part of yours.
Rally the team around the cause. We keep learning that leadership is not about you. It's about the cause. If you're a charismatic leader, people will follow you for a while. But they will devote themselves to a meaningful and rewarding cause over time - like Nefkens vision of being the "premier service provider, handling clients' most complex problems."
Follow George Bradt on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@georgebradt
More:

Russian hackers leak 5 million Gmail usernames and passwords onlineBy the end of the decade, there will be 9 billion mobile connections across the globe. And while 3 billion will be data terminals, dongles, routers and feature phones, the other two thirds will be smartphone handsets, according...
Hackers leak 5mn Gmail usernames, passwords
New Delhi, September 11, 2014
First Published: 15:23 IST(11/9/2014)
print
A list containing about 4.93 million usernames and passwords from Google's Gmail user database has been leaked online by Russian hackers.
The account details have been posted on bitcoin forum btcsec.com by a user. The user, named Tvskit, said that approximately 60% of the passwords are still active.
However, Google while acknowledging the leak in a blog post, said that its servers would have blocked suspicious log-in attempts. It further said that only 2% of the password and username combos would work. 
This comes just days after, Apple's high profile iCloud fiasco resulted in leaked nude images of celebrities. However, Google has denied that the leak was due to breach in its own systems.
Read: Jennifer Lawrence, Selena Gomez caught in naked photo scandal
Google said: "Often, these credentials are obtained through a combination of other sources. For instance, if you reuse the same username and password across websites, and one of those websites gets hacked, your credentials could be used to log into the others. Or attackers can use malware or phishing schemes to capture login credentials."
Click here to check if your email id was leaked.
(With inputs from agencies)

India lags far behind China in the market cap leagueThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Getting insurance money just got easierThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

RadioShack May Have To File For BankruptcyRadioShack May Have To File For Bankruptcy
AP/HuffPost
Updated:
09/11/2014  7:59 pm EDT
Pedestrians walk past a RadioShack Corp. store in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Saturday, June 7, 2014. RadioShack Corp. is expected to release earnings figures on June 10. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg via Getty Images | Bloomberg via Getty Images
reddit
NEW YORK (AP) — RadioShack warned Thursday that it may need to file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization if it can't rework its debt or find another way to ease a cash crunch.
The struggling retailer said in a regulatory filing that it is in talks with its lenders, bondholders, shareholders and landlords to fix its balance sheet, but if it can't, it will try to file a prepackaged bankruptcy.
RadioShack, which is based in Fort Worth, Texas, has been working on turning around its business for the past 18 months. The company's efforts have included cutting costs, renovating and closing stores, and shuffling management. It reported another quarterly loss on Thursday on lower revenue.
CEO Joseph Magnacca said efforts to fix the company's problems could include debt restructuring, closing more stores and other cost-cutting measures. He said the company is reviewing several alternatives, some that would need consent from its lenders.
RadioShack is quickly running out of cash and warned Thursday that it doesn't have enough left to fund its operations beyond the "very near term." The company reported $30.5 million in cash and cash equivalents on hand as of Aug. 2. That's down from $179.8 million at the end of last year.
The company has struggled to find its place in the evolving retail and technology landscape. It's sought to remake itself, focusing on wireless devices and accessories, but growth in that business is slowing as more people have smartphones and see fewer reasons to upgrade. The company says it is working on becoming less dependent on that business.
It is trying to update its image and remain competitive against online and discount retailers. It is also working to add new products, including private-brand and exclusive items.
Noting the company's dwindling cash, Standard & Poor's Ratings Services downgraded its corporate credit rating on RadioShack further into non-investment grade, or "junk," territory Thursday.
"We believe the company will default or restructure in some form that is tantamount to a default within the next six months," S&P said in cutting its RadioShack rating to "CCC-" from "CCC."
For its second quarter, RadioShack reported on Thursday that it lost $137.4 million, or $1.35 per share, for the period ended Aug. 2. That compares with a loss of $52.2 million, or 51 cents per share, a year ago.
Stripping out certain items, loss from continuing operations was $1 per share.
Revenue dropped 22 percent to $673.8 million from $861.4 million.
Analysts surveyed by FactSet expected a loss of 66 cents per share on revenue of $735.9 million.
Magnacca said the quarter's performance was mostly hurt by the postpaid mobile phone business, as customers were relatively unenthused about the current phone selections and were waiting for announcements on new devices such as the next generation of iPhones. There were also intense promotional efforts by wireless carriers, he added.
Sales at stores open at least a year declined 20 percent on softer traffic and the weak performance of the mobile phone business. That figure is a key indicator of a retailer's health because it excludes results from stores recently opened or closed.
RadioShack's shares rose 9 cents to close Thursday at $1.02.
More:

Delhi: Sheila Dikshit backs BJP bid to form govt  Cong  shockedComments
Former Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Thursday said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) should be given an opportunity to form the government in Delhi, evoking strong reaction from her party colleagues.
Dikshit told news agency Asian News International (ANI) that if BJP leaders were claiming they had the numbers, then they must have been saying so with a “sense of responsibility”.  
“I am glad that the people of Delhi will get an elected government maybe. And if the BJP is claiming that they will be able to form a government, I think they should be put to the test. The BJP’s claim must have some basis as the president of their party is saying so,” Dikshit, who recently returned to Delhi after spending seven months in Kerala as the state’s governor, told ANI.
The Congress, however, was quick to distance itself from the comments with party leaders claiming that whatever Dikshit said was her personal opinion. Delhi Congress spokesperson Mukesh Sharma was the first one to react and immediately found support in senior party colleagues and AICC general secretaries Shakeel Ahmad and Ajay Maken.
 
Watch: Sheila Dikshit backs BJP
The party, though, was in favour of dissolution of the House and fresh elections in the Capital.
“Sheila Ji’s comments on govt formation in Delhi may be her personal opinion. Congress MLAs & AICC r totally against extending support to BJP (sic),” Ahmad tweeted.
Shiela Ji's comments on Govt formation in Delhi may be her personal opinion We are against BJP forming Govt. b'cause they don't have numbers
— Ajay Maken (@ajaymaken) September 11, 2014
Dikshit had earlier said she was talking on behalf of the people of Delhi, who deserved an elected government.
“If you do not have an elected government, then in democracy, it’s not a very suitable situation because the people do not know where to go, what to do,” said the 76-year-old.
Read: Cong disapproves of Dikshit's remarks backing BJP
Congress spokesperson Mukesh Sharma also said the party was “shocked” by Dikshit’s statement.
“We are shocked by her statement on government formation. The Congress has nothing to do with it. Our stand is very clear. We will not let the BJP form government,” Sharma said.
The Delhi BJP, however, praised Dikshit for her “straightforward” statement while the Aam Aadmi Party said that it was not surprised as “there is hardly any difference between the BJP and the Congress”.
“Sheilaji is a veteran leader. She understands the constitutional nitty-gritty and has the experience of running a government. As a political leader, her comment is mature,” Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay said.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), however, said that it was not surprised as "there is hardly any difference between BJP and Congress".
Senior party leader Ashutosh Srivastava said, "I am not surprised by Sheila Dikshit's statement because we have been saying for a long time that there is good understanding between the BJP and the Congress."
"The another reason behind her statement is that there are three FIRs against Sheila Dikshit. And if Aam Aadmi Party forms government... Sheila Dikshit will have no other option but to go to jail. She is desperate to avoid going to jail and she doesn't want investigation to happen and that's why, Congress and BJP are coming together."
(with PTI inputs)

How the fashion media erase black womenBy Stacia L. Brown September 11 Follow @slb79
“La Belle Hottentot” by unknown, 19th century French print. (Licensed under Public domain via Wikimedia Commons)
I haven’t given much thought to how I will broach the subject of Saartjie Baartman with my daughter. She’s four, so I have time. But someday, I will need to tell her that a Khoisan woman with steatopygia, an extreme development of fat on the buttocks, was once sold, caged, and displayed for passersby who poked, prodded, and mocked her. There will be no turning back from that; every moment thereafter, my little girl will not regard her body in quite the same sense of freedom. She will be more conscious of the ways in which features commonly associated with African ancestry — full lips, broad noses, and, as in Baartman’s case, large buttocks — have been objectified, commodified and sold in countries all over the world.
After I tell my daughter about Saartjie Baartman, I will show her the article Vogue.com published yesterday, which declared this “officially” the “ era of the big booty .” I will point out the author’s assertion that Jennifer Lopez is “the original trailblazing butt girl.” Then, I’ll hone in on this line: “Today, Rihanna shows up to the CFDA Awards practically naked with her crack fully on display and walks off with a Fashion Icon Award.”
I am guessing my daughter will need a moment to collect thoughts. She may ask how long it’s been since Saartjie Baartman’s death, when her body was then dissected and its parts put on display. I will tell her Baartman died in 1815. Nearly 200 years later, people are still making a public spectacle of ample derrieres. But in doing so, they are erasing the pain and subjugation that enslaved women faced. In order to “celebrate” large backsides, it seems, the overwhelmingly white U.S. fashion industry must first attribute the trait to non-black women.
It isn’t about who gets credit for popularizing the “big booty.” It’s about who is erased and minimized in the process. “Vogue” writer Patricia Garcia seems to think that Rihanna’s arrival at the CFDA Awards with her backside exposed was made possible because of J.Lo. She does not account for the hundreds of thousands of black women in the history of the world who were stripped of their agency, placed “fully on display” against their wills, and sold to enslavers who used their free labor to feed the textile industries that have fueled the fashion market.
Representation and historical context matter. The ways in which black women and their bodies are discussed in mainstream, predominantly white media matters. “Vogue” isn’t the only publication to frame conversation like this poorly. Just this month, The New York Times published a piece on “natural hair” titled, “ Curls Get Their Groove Back .” It’s a multi-paragraph missive about the “new” trend of white women eschewing hair-straightening and “cultural bias” against white women with curly hair. One line is given to the discussion of black hair:
And product lines like Miss Jessie’s have crossed over from the black community, which has its own flourishing natural-hair movement.
That “flourishing natural-hair movement” dates back to the 1960s.
To avoid leaving my daughter disheartened, I’ll make sure she knows that the need for diversity in newsrooms and on magazine staffs is well-documented. Buzzfeed in particular seems committed to championing that cause in the long-term. With its  series  on  diversity  in journalism, the site is issuing a challenge to other publications. Race Forward: The Center for Racial Justice Innovation is also tracking the need for more nuanced and carefully worded discussions of race in reporting. In January, the organization released a study which found that two thirds of race-focused coverage in nearly 1,200 news articles and cable transcripts from 2013 “either emphasized alleged individual racism or prioritized voices that dismissed the persistence of racism as a significant force in our country today.” Only writers capable of dismissing racism’s persistence can arrive at conclusions that J.Lo pioneered the “big booty.” Only a racially disengaged newsroom could approve a piece about “natural hair” and relegate the decades-long, black natural hair movement to one line.
There is one medium that is already ahead of the game in providing diverse, nuanced representations of black women: the independent web series. Shows like “ An African City ,” “ Life of Hers ,” “ American Koko ,” and “ Almost Home ” serve not just as entertainment but as counternarratives. They place the voices of black women, their histories, and their experience in the foreground during a time when those voices are being buried at the bottom of articles and those histories are being obscured in praise of non-black women’s “big booties.”
By the time I have this conversation with my daughter, however, the open internet as we know it may have ceased to exist. While Vogue was publishing its racial-context-erasing piece yesterday, several high-traffic websites were participating in an Internet Slowdown Day , in protest of the Federal Communication Commission’s plans to implement new policies that will change who has fast access to websites and how.
Jay Cassano and Michael Brooks at “ In These Times ” explained the implications of these changes for marginalized communities:
With cell phone Internet thus hampered by a lack of net neutrality, home broadband, with its flat-rate monthly bill, would be the only place to turn for an open Internet. The problem is that a home broadband connection is precisely what many in marginalized communities lack.  According to Pew,  15 percent of black adults and 22 percent of Hispanic adults have smartphones but no home broadband Internet—compared to just 6 percent of white ones.
At Al Jazeera America , writer Joseph Torres further explores what the end of net neutrality would mean for black online content creators and their ability to reach their demographics:
By threatening the access of communities of color to the information they need to participate fully in our society, the court’s decision reinforces the nation’s media inequality. People of color own only 3 percent of the nation’s commercial TV stations and 8 percent of commercial radio outlets. According to the FCC’s ownership records, the figure for TV does not even include black owners, since there are none.
“If you don’t like the media, make your own” has long been the rejoinder when black communities protest about representation. Now, our open access to providing “our own” content is in danger.
“This was never really about the ‘era of the big booty’ or Vogue, was it?” my clever kid might ask.
No, I’d reply. Not really. It’s about the future. Will we ever become a society that accepts the necessity of racial discourse in reporting? Even in our pop culture trend writing, will we ever resolve to challenge false representations and work that willfully ignores history until we begin to see less of it? Perhaps, by the time we’re ready to have this talk, my daughter and her generation will have answers for me.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=opinions, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410455198/1410455198000/1410455198 tracking: {authors=Stacia L. Brown, blog_name=act-four, content_category=Opinions, in_url_headline=how-the-fashion-media-erase-black-women, post_id=3243, section={section=opinions, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 5:06:38 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 5:06:38 PM

As the world goes mobile  its time to seize the momentBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Column: Learning from the Lehman crisisBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Letters to the editor: Germanys hour of reckoningBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Editorial: Times upBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Editorial: Banking on growthBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

UP 2014  like Punjab1947The supposed civilisational war between the West and Islam, and the emergence of fanatical groups like the ISIS, are directly relevant to the 40 million or more Muslims living in UP.
Written by Rajmohan Gandhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 12:14 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 8:42 am
Not long ago, while working on a history of undivided Punjab, I found that in 1914 that vast province was seen as the subcontinent’s hope for economic progress and inter-communal understanding. Yet, in 1947, both halves of divided Punjab saw carnage that no part of the world should witness.
Recent events in Uttar Pradesh should caution Prime Minister Narendra Modi and others that this state, with its immense population, may now be drifting towards a tragedy the nation must never allow again. The Punjab tragedy involved the Empire. On February 20, 1947, London announced that it was about to leave all of India including Punjab, without saying who would inherit the province.
Either “the existing provincial government” would take over, said Her Majesty’s Government, or another arrangement that “may seem most reasonable” would be made. That word triggered two things. One was a Muslim League-led mass movement, which in a fortnight forced out the province’s coalition ministry, led by Khizar Hayat Khan of the rapidly declining Unionist Party but mainly sustained by the Congress and the Sikhs. The other was the creation of separate militias, Muslim, Hindu and Sikh, to force the future of different parts of Punjab.
After the killings in early March 1947 in the towns and villages of Rawalpindi and Multan, Lieutenant General Frank Messervy, the region’s top British officer, recorded his shock that “the normally chivalrous and decent Punjabi Muslim peasant” had been “aroused to such frenzied savagery”, and added: “There has also been a widespread desire to rid many areas of all Sikhs and Hindus, entirely for ever.”
Messervy had identified ethnic cleansing, but the Empire in retreat chose to look away. While London was focused on the safe return of India-based soldiers to Britain, there were elements in the Empire that did not mind an all-out conflict between Indians. Five months after Messervy wrote his note, the great bloodletting of August-September 1947 took place. A major incident, now entirely forgotten, had also occurred in western UP. In November 1946, a number of Muslims were massacred in Garhmukteshwar, not far from Meerut, Muzaffarnagar or Moradabad.
There is a global context for UP’s current tensions too. The supposed civilisational war between the West and Islam, and the emergence of fanatical groups like the ISIS, are directly relevant to the 40 million or more Muslims living in UP. Also of relevance to UP’s Muslims is the national and provincial context. From India’s ruling establishment, which includes the RSS and other workers/ warriors for Hindutva, two distinct and conflicting suggestions have emanated: build and burn. Construct bullet trains, bathrooms, bank accounts continued…

First Bill in Tesla Deal Sails Through AssemblyIf it's not stuck in your head now, it will be in a few seconds. Transylvania University's Delta Sigma Phi created a...
YouTube

Trade unions against 10% divestment in Coal IndiaPress Trust of India |  Kolkata Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:00 AM IST
Trade unions against 10% divestment in Coal India
CIL could raise around Rs 23,000 cr based on its current share price
Central trade unions have decided to oppose another 10 per cent divestment in Coal India (CIL).
The general secretary of the All India Coal Workers Federation, Jibon Roy, said, "We condemn the government decision to disinvest 10 per cent more in CIL shares to private hands. We will call the coal workers to fight back." SQ Zama, secretary-general of the Indian National Mine Workers' Federation, also criticised the stake sale.
"We all will oppose the disinvestment," he said. The Union government is targeting around Rs 45,000 crore by selling shares in blue-chip public sector companies Coal India, ONGC and NHPC.
Coal India, the world's largest coal mining company, alone could raise around Rs 23,000 crore based on its current share price.
SQ Zama said that five central trade unions had already served a notice recently for a three days' "work to rule" agitation from September 18 to 20 to the coal secretary in support of various demands including no further divestment in Coal India.
The BJP-affiliated trade union BMS is also among the trade unions calling for the "work-to-rule" agitation, he said.
Central coal trade unions' meeting is slated on September 21 where a joint action plan is likely to be adopted to oppose divestment.
Zama said a discussion is being held between the unions on whether they would attend a meeting called by Coal India in Delhi on September 15 on the 'work to rule' notice.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA), chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, yesterday approved the disinvestment of 10 per cent paid-up equity capital in Coal India (CIL).
Presently, the Government shareholding in the coal mining company is 89.65 per cent.
 Advertisements

Sun Pharma seeks shareholders  nod for Rs 12 000-crore QIPBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 11:58 PM IST
Sun Pharma seeks shareholders' nod for Rs 12,000-crore QIP
The company is also considering shareholders' nod for borrowing Rs 50,000 cr
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries, India's largest drug maker by value, is looking to get shareholders' approval to raise qualified institutional placement (QIP) worth Rs 12,000 crore at its 27th annual general meeting to be held by the end of September.
Sun Pharma stated the company wanted shareholders’ approval to "issue, offer and allot equity shares or non-convertible securities, other than warrants, up to an amount of Rs 12,000 crore ($2 billion), to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to a QIP." It is also considering shareholders' nod for borrowing Rs 50,000 crore.
The purpose behind raising the fund is not known. Last year, there were reports that Sun Pharma was in talks to buy Sweden's Meda AB for a sum between $5 billion and $6 billion, to boost its generics business in developed markets.
ALSO READ:  Sun Pharma draws up plan to fix ailing Ranbaxy
Shares of Sun Pharma fell on the BSE on Thursday following reports of a surprise inspection by US Food and Drug Administration officials at its Halol unit on Wednesday.  The stock fell six per cent intraday to touch a low of Rs 808, before closing at Rs 822.8, a loss of Rs 36.8 or 4.29 per cent.
The surprise inspection took place due to an increased number of recalls from the plant. Sun Pharma recently recalled 40,000 bottles of Venlafaxine Hydrochloride extended-release tablets, Gemcitabine and Metformin, manufactured at Halol from the US market.
 Advertisements

JNUSU polls: Top ABVP candidate is aMuslimPrint
Written by Aditi Vatsa | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 12:37 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 1:43 am
When Mohammad Jahidul Dewan, a PhD student of Hindi at Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU), announced that he would be contesting the JNU Students’ Union (JNUSU) polls on a ticket from right-wing Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad, several objections were raised.
“I was told the ABVP does not pay heed to minorities. Left groups were asking me indirect questions about this. I have been associated with ABVP since 2011 and I have never felt that they do not raise issues about Muslims. They never said that a Muslim cannot get a ticket. Such notions are ill-conceived,” 29-year-old Dewan said.
Overlooking the apprehensions of his fellow students against the BJP-led government, Dewan chooses to focus on the “change” that Prime Minister Narendra Modi would bring in the country. He says images of Modi meeting Muslims and touching a Muslim man’s feet during his Lok Sabha campaign is etched in his mind.
“I am very influenced by Modi. Woh Bharat rashtra ka nirman karenge. The outcome of the Lok Sabha elections tell us that people want change. The atmosphere in JNU reflects the same,” he says.
In 2011, Dewan came to JNU from Barpeta, Assam — a district next to riot-hit Kokrajhar — in order to pursue an MPhil at the School of Languages. “We say that the BJP is communal. Where was the BJP in Assam when the riots hit us? Tarun Gogoi was the Assam Chief Minister then and a member of the Congress which is considered to be secular,” he says.
At a time when the role of political parties in riots have been questioned, Dewan feels that the discourse should move beyond communal lines. “Instead of identifying individuals and communities on the basis of religious lines, we need to focus on a bigger identity which is that of the nation. We are not Hindus or Muslims, we have to look at ourselves as Indians. It is these ill-conceived notions of left organisations which does not let BJP promote its national character,” he says.
Students brave pepper spray to attend debate
New Delhi: As presidential candidates for Jawaharlal Nehru University Students’ Union (JNUSU) polls took to stage on Wednesday night, the outcome of the Lok Sabha polls, Kashmir floods and the harassment allegations against a former JNUSU president and joint secretary formed the centre of the discourse, which went on till early Thursday morning.
Braving the use of pepper spray and chilli powder, purportedly to disrupt the proceedings of the presidential debate, hundreds of students gathered at Jhelum Lawns to listen and pose questions to the seven candidates.
Minor scuffles among supporters of different students’ organisations broke out even as the election officials asked students throwing chilli powder and using pepper spray to leave the venue.
With the former JNUSU president and joint secretary — both members of the All India Students Association — resigning after the filing of a harassment case against them in the university’s Gender Sensitisation Committee against Sexual Harassment in July, the incident was raised several times during the debate.  ENS

Poor marks fortransparencyPrint
Written by Anjali Bhardwaj , Amrita Johri | Posted: September 12, 2014 12:20 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 10:38 am
For a government that won office on the plank of fighting corruption and promising ‘‘achhe din’’ to citizens disgruntled by poor service delivery, one would have thought putting in place an effective anti-corruption and grievance redressal framework would be a top priority. However, after 100 days of being in power, the Modi sarkar’s report card on transparency and accountability disappoints.
It is well established that openness in government functioning is a prerequisite for good governance. One of the key accomplishments of the UPA was the enactment of the RTI Act. However, its implementation remained lackadaisical and left much to be desired. When Team Modi promised transparent and accountable governance in its inimitable style, through impossible-to-miss advertisements in every newspaper, a natural expectation was that the transparency regime in the country would be strengthened.
Unfortunately, in the first 100 days of the Modi government, there is no perceptible improvement in the implementation of the RTI Act. On the contrary, for the first time since its constitution in 2005, the Central Information Commission (CIC) is headless. The post of the chief information commissioner, which fell vacant on August 22, has not yet been filled. This has serious ramifications, since the RTI Act envisages a critical role for the chief information commissioner, including superintendence, management and direction of the affairs of the CIC. In the absence of the chief, the functioning of the CIC is seriously impaired and the decisions given in the interim could be challenged in court.
Currently, close to 25,000 appeals and complaints are pending with the CIC and people have to wait for months, sometimes even years, for their cases to be heard. Not appointing a chief information commissioner is resulting in increasing the backlog of cases and greater delays for those who are denied information and are already frustrated by the long wait for justice. Information commissions are the adjudicators under the RTI law — if they do not function properly, it results in the violation of the critical right to information of ordinary citizens, who need it to hold their government accountable.
The 100 days also witnessed a positive development — the government revised the rules for the appointment of the anti-corruption ombudsman, the Lokpal. The Modi government has amended the UPA’s regressive rules and removed the problematic provision that empowered the Central government to shortlist candidates from which the search committee could recommend names to the selection committee. That provision had drawn the ire of the eminent jurists, Fali Nariman and Justice K.T. Thomas, who resigned from the search committee, stating that it had been rendered redundant as the rules did not allow the members to independently single out deserving persons who could be appointed to the Lokpal.
However, the new government has failed to address the most regressive provision in the rules, which effectively ensures that the non-judicial members of the Lokpal will comprise almost exclusively of bureaucrats. This implies that the Lokpal will join the long list of institutions in the country that, instead of being led by men continued…

Health Minister hints at changes in Arogyasri schemeUpdated: September 12, 2014 00:56 IST
Health Minister hints at changes in Arogyasri scheme
Rakesh Reddy
Tweet
Health Minister Kamineni Srinivas on Thursday said that the government would make suitable changes to the Aarogyasri Scheme to enable people of Anantapur and its adjoining districts to avail medical facilities at hospitals in Bangalore.
Speaking to the media at Hindupur and Penukonda during his visit to the district here Thursday, Mr. Srinivas said: “We are coming up with an Rs.150-crore super speciality hospital in Anantapur district within the next few years with Central funding.” He said that the hospital would benefit the people of the district bringing to them good medicare. Earlier, he visited the Hindupur and Penukonda government general hospitals and promised their modernisation.
When he visited the Chennekothapalli hospital, he announced that Rs. 8 crore would soon be released for the modernisation of the hospital. At the review meeting held at the Anantapur Medical College, he said that all the vacant positions in the medical college and the adjoining hospital would be filled at the earliest.
He also said that government was taking steps to ensure availability of a gynaecologist, an anaesthetist and a paediatrician in all Public Health Centres to ensure the safety of children and women.
“The government is taking steps to curb infant mortality. Awareness camps are being organised in rural areas to educate people on the importance of nutritional needs of pregnant women,” he added.

Wife of American Doctor With Ebola Speaks Livewife of american doctor with ebola speaks live
Wall Street down slightly  financials help limit lossesYahoo, brewers among most active premarket; futures flat
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
Alibaba Group Anheuser-Busch InBev NASDAQ
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Yahoo  was the most traded stock on the Nasdaq in premarket action on Monday as traders looked for ways to step in front of Alibaba Group's  debut, expected on the NYSE later this week.
Alibaba's could be the largest initial public offer in history and has seen "overwhelming" interest, meaning Yahoo's 23 percent stake could be worth more next week than it is now. Yahoo stock was up 1.2 percent with more than 600,000 shares already traded.

Site Under Fire For Abortion Stancereddit
A crowdfunding site touted as "Kickstarter for the rest of us" has decided that the rest of us doesn't include people who are pro-abortion rights.
GoFundMe, a site that allows people to solicit money online for personal causes like medical bills, house repairs and scholarship funds, is coming under fire after it censored fundraisers related to abortion. On Tuesday, the company issued an update to its guidelines saying it wouldn’t fund projects linked to “termination of life,” “weapons & violence,” “adult material” and other topics.
On GoFundMe's Facebook page , several people responded in outrage:
The company will now review projects to make sure that hosting a campaign is best for the GoFundMe “brand and community,” a spokeswoman wrote in an email statement. “GoFundMe makes no distinction and places no restrictions on a pro-life or pro-choice group’s ability to fundraise for rallies or protests,” she said.
But as Salon points out , the projects that come up when you type “abortion” into the site’s search bar include several pro-life campaigns and no pro-choice or abortion-related projects.
GoFundMe is a private San Diego-based company that bills itself as "the world's #1 personal fundraising website." Unlike rivals Kickstarter or Indiegogo, which startups and creative types use to raise money to fund businesses or projects, GoFundMe is focused on more personal needs. Some of the most popular projects currently on the site include a page asking for money to cover medical bills for a woman who was recently assaulted in her home and a page soliciting money to pay for a newlywed couple's new car after their old one was destroyed. The company makes money by collecting a 5 percent fee on each donation.
The company has 34 employees including its co-CEOs, according to its website, and claims to have helped users raise $440 million since it was founded in 2010. It declined to share revenue information.
The controversy over GoFundMe’s curating tactics started after the site pulled a campaign created by Bailey , a 23-year-old woman who posted a campaign in hopes of funding her abortion. As of Thursday,  Kickstarter and Indiegogo still featured pro-choice pages like “ The Abortion Diary Podcast Tour ” and “ ShareWithThree : A Website for Women and Partners to Share Their Abortion Experiences.”
Projects on Kickstarter under the search term "abortion":
Projects on Indiegogo under the search term "abortion":
As crowdfunding has gained popularity, sites like these have had to walk a fine line between offering a platform to the masses and curating (and sometimes censoring) content to ensure credibility. Typically, the sites rely on users to self-police and avoid funding campaigns that look questionable. GoFundMe noticeably let a fund for Darren Wilson , the police officer who killed Michael Brown, stay on its site, despite the controversy surrounding the shooting. Still, it’s not unprecedented for the companies to step in -- though in most cases it’s been over non-political issues.
Kickstarter apologized last year for not acting fast enough to pull a page asking for funding for a “seduction guide,” which featured material advocating violence against women. The site also pulled a campaign for Kobe beef jerky last year after determining it was a scam. The Washington Post reported that GoFundMe also took down a fundraiser for Raffaele Sollecito, who was convicted with Amanda Knox of murdering Meredith Kercher in 2007. The page had been up since 2013 and had raised more than $40,000.
Determining when to step in ends up “being a very difficult decision for these platforms,” said Ethan Mollick, a management professor at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business.
“There is this ongoing battle among the various crowdfunding sites about how much to curate and how much not to,” said Mollick, who researches crowdfunding. “There is probably some combination of curation or censoring that is optimal, and nobody knows quite what that is.”
One benefit of the more open platform is that it tends to be friendlier to women. Mollick co-authored a study last month which found that projects with female founders are more likely to reach their fundraising goals than projects with male founders. That’s the opposite of what happens in the non-virtual fundraising world, where much women are less likely to get funding from venture capitalists , banks and other traditional sources.
“The old ways of raising money are dominated by networks that are mostly male. And as a result, in order to get funding, there are a lot of ways that create issues for women,” Mollick said. “[Crowdfunding] allows people to be activists about supporting groups of people that they believe are underrepresented.”
More:

Recession cloud returns: Slowing Europe worries exportersIndivjal Dhasmana & Nayanima Basu |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:46 AM IST
Recession cloud returns: Slowing Europe worries exporters
Core euro zone seems on verge of yet another recession; however, exporters hope other markets will compensate
The economic slowdown in Europe has some worry for exporters. There is, however, a belief that other markets would help ensure the target for this financial year of $350 billion, about 11 per cent more than in 2013-14.
That level of growth, one needs to note, hasn't been there in the past couple of years or, for that matter, in the average for the first four months of 2014-15.
“Some of the European countries are going into recession. The situation is extremely bad as far as the European Union (EU) is concerned. Asia is also down but the US is showing some signs of a recovery and the condition of Africa is okay,” Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher told Business Standard.
Exports rose 8.6 per cent in the first four months of the current financial year (see chart). and the growth slowed in the fourth month to 7.3 per cent, after two months of double-digit expansion. It is too early to say whether the slower pace of July export growth was a result of the problem in some European countries.
“We are little worried but let us watch for now. Europe has started slowing. Also, there are problems in west Asia. Iraq is a big export market for us,” said
M Rafeeque Ahmed, president of the Federation of Indian Exporter Organisations (FIEO).
He, though, was confident $350 bn worth of export would be realised this financial year. The target was not set by the government but by FIEO. The government expects export to reach $340 bn.
Ahmed said US economic growth was good and the confidence level there was rising. “We also exports to countries which further value-add and export to the US.”
However, Ajit Ranade, chief economist with Aditya Birla Group, said $350 bn looks a little ambitious. Merchandise export saw only 4.7 per cent growth in 2013-14 and had contracted in 2012-13.
However, Ranade agreed, economic conditions are not uniform in Europe. Besides, America is doing well. “So, it might compensate to an extent.”
India has diversified its export markets to an extent in recent years. The EU accounted for 21 per cent of our export in 2008-09; this came down to 16.4 per cent in 2013-14. It, however, remains the biggest market destination for India.
Within the EU, the euro zone group of 18 economies seems on the verge of falling into a third recession in six years. The German and Italian economies contracted in the April-June quarter and the French economy was stagnant. Economic expansion in the entire euro zone was close to zero per cent in April-June; the earlier quarter was not much stronger.
On the other hand, the American economy grew at an annual rate of 4.2 per cent in April-June, the fastest pace since the third quarter (July-September) of calendar year 2013.
However, Japan’s economy suffered its worst contraction since 2011 in April-June of 2014, as the threat of higher tax payments put consumers off major purchases.
Its economy shrunk by 6.8 per cent in this quarter.
On the other hand, China’s economy expanded a better-than-expected 7.5 per cent in April-June, against 7.4 per cent during January-March. Taken together, both these east Asian economies now account for almost seven per cent of India’s export.
The government should incentivise exporters more, in its Focus Market Scheme and Focus Product Scheme in the coming foreign trade policy, to encourage them to diversify markets and products, said Ranade. The schemes give duty credit scrips to exporters in certain commodities and for some markets.
He said India should push for pharmaceutical export to China. And, explore the expansion of its information technology and software export to non-English speaking countries such as Japan. Also, 97 million Chinese go for outbound tourism in a year, of which only 50,000 come to India, he said.
The rupee is firmer against the dollar this financial year as compared to the previous year. Exporters said stability suits them better than sharp fluctuations on either side. Economists concur.
Some worries could also come on softening of global petroleum prices. Brent crude rates declined below $100 at 99.75 a barrel on September 2, against $110.42 as on April 1. It rose the next day to $100.36 a barrel. Petroleum products’ export in July was $7.2 bn; that of engineering goods was $5.7 bn.
"We face inelastic exports of petroleum. So, we will not face problem in exports of theses, volume-wise. However, exportd in value terms might come down. But, marings will be retained as the import prices of crude oil have also been softening," said CARE Ratings' chief economist, Madan Sabnavis.
 Advertisements

Ahead of President Xi s trip: India for special envoy to ChinaNayanima Basu |  Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:44 AM IST
Ahead of President Xi's trip: India for special envoy to China
Former NSA Shyam Saran and NSA Ajit Doval likely choices
During Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India next week, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to announce a special representative to China. The representative will be entrusted with all border-related matters, especially those related to a resolution on clarifying and delineating the Line of Actual Control (LAC).
Special representatives, who act as the prime minister’s envoy to a particular country, are usually more empowered than ambassadors. So far, the role of special envoy to China was being played by former national security advisor Shivshankar Menon.
Sources say Shyam Saran, former foreign secretary and chairman of the National Security Advisory Board and Research and Information Systems in Developing Countries, is considered frontrunner for the post. Some say National Security Advisor Ajit Doval might be given the additional responsibility of the PM’s special envoy to China.
Doval, who was in China earlier this week, said bilateral and strategic ties were poised for an “orbital jump”.
Senior officials say the government wants to be firm with its Chinese counterpart and resolve the border dispute, once and for all.
It is expected a substantial outcome on the border issues will be reflected in a joint statement to be issued after a meeting between Modi and Xi here on September 18. “Border management cooperation will be on the agenda. During the visit, both sides might agree upon the LAC issue; only then can the possibility of intrusions be resolved,” said Saran.
He added both sides should also seek an early agreement on rivers flowing on both sides of the border, as currently, there was lack of information and not much cooperation on this issue.
So far, the special representatives of India and China have held 17 rounds of talks on the border issue. The last round, between Shivshankar Menon and Chinese State Secretary Yang Jiechi, was held in February.
Rajiv Kumar, senior fellow, Centre for Policy Research, said while China had amicably resolved border disputes with all its neighbours, it hadn’t done so with India, as India had given sanctuary to Tibet’s exiled spiritual leader, the Dalai Lama, in 1959. “The new special representative has to be given a clear mandate and a stipulated timeframe for resolving the border issue. Only then can the appointment of a new special representative be justified,” he said.
China should behold its new status and resolve the border issue with India, as much water has flown since 1958,” he said.
Recently, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had said if China wanted India to recognise Tibet and Taiwan belonged to China, it should recognise Arunachal Pradesh was a part of India.
During Chinese Prime Minister Li Keqiang’s visit to India in May last year, both sides had decided to sign a border defence cooperation agreement to resolve the issue in a “fair, reasonable and mutually acceptable” manner. Subsequently, an agreement was signed to maintain “peace and tranquillity in border areas” till the time the border dispute was resolved.
Recently, however, a series of ceasefire violations have come to light. Earlier this month, Chinese troops had reportedly crossed the LAC into Ladakh in Jammu & Kashmir.
ROOM TO MANOEUVRE, AGAIN
Shyam Saran’s views on India-China relationship
For the first time since 2005 India will have a relatively strong hand to play with in giving a new direction to what has been a complex and often difficult relationship ...
 
India is also emerging as a major economic opportunity for China.... (and) can provide a market of the scale that China needs ....
 
China is more sensitive to Indian concerns when India has strong and diversified relations with other major powers. Its pressures on India mount when India is seen to have fewer options
Source: Business Standard article

Delay in gas price hike frustrating  says BPPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:37 AM IST
Delay in gas price hike frustrating, says BP
BP's $7.2 bn investment in 2011 is the largest foreign investment in the energy sector in India
BP Plc, Europe’s second-largest oil company, on Thursday said the delay in implementation of an increase in the price of natural gas was holding back investments; it was frustrating.
BP, whose $7.2-billion investment in 2011 is the largest foreign investment in India’s energy sector, has lined up projects that will reverse the sinking natural gas production from KG-D6 fields. The investment, however, is unviable at the current rate of $4.2 an mBtu.
“We are ready to go ahead with our first project, probably a $4-billion one. We are getting ready to move it forward (but) are awaiting the gas price decision. That is frustrating because it was decided last June,” said Sashi Mukundan, regional president & India head, BP. He was speaking at the Economist India Summit.
He, however, added: “We are here for the long term, as our business is such that it goes in decades. So, we recognise we need to sit, wait and see what happens.”
Mukundan said India was importing oil & gas, even as it had the resources under the ground. About $180 billion of imports were coming in and this might grow to $200-300 billion. He also said the prime minister should set up an energy advisory board where he could hear about international experiences.
 Advertisements

HP Elitebook Folio 1040 G1 review: This is top end stuffBuying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the math
Time taken to recover the premium paid for a diesel car over a petrol variant has nearly doubled.

Skoda launches Yeti upgradeUpdated: September 11, 2014 00:05 IST
Skoda launches Yeti upgrade
The Hindu Sudhir Rao, Chairman & Managing Director, Skoda Auto India, addressing a press conference in Mumbai on Wednesday. Photo: Shashi Ashiwal
TOPICS
automobile
The new Yeti is being offered at a slight premium to the existing variant
Czech car maker Skoda, on Wednesday, launched its new face-lifted sports utility vehicles (SUV), the Yeti, at a price of Rs.18.63 lakh for the 4X2 variant while its 4X4 variant is priced at Rs.20.14 lakh (prices ex-showroom, Maharashtra).
Both variants are powered by a 2.0 TDI diesel engine.
The new Yeti is being offered at a slight premium to the existing variant and will feature cruise control, KESSY system and Light Assist.
The selection of colours has been expanded to seven with combinations of either a silver, white or black roof.
In terms of safety, the new Yeti has cruise control, anti-lock braking (ABS), brake assist, tyre pressure monitors, EBC (engine braking control) and hill-hold.
The face-lifted Rapid is to be launched end-September.
“The refreshed models in our line-up reflect the new phase of Skoda India, promising products that are more practical and with the latest technologies,” Sudhir Rao, Chairman & Managing Director, Skoda Auto India, told a press conference.
“To complement our ongoing model offensive, we will focus on the overall ownership experience with the brand and will continue to retain customer satisfaction as top priority in India.”

1871 announces education-tech incubator in partnership with DeVryA new women-focused incubator at 1871 will begin taking applications Tuesday in advance of a January 2015 opening — and to the relief of some entrepreneurs, it won’t be called FEMtech. ( Amina Elahi )
The EdTech incubator will be home to six to 10 companies annually starting this fall, said Jeff Dunn, DeVry's senior director of research and development. Applications are being accepted now, with details available on the 1871 website, Dunn said.
DeVry will offer mentorship and feedback and will test the most promising ideas in its own schools, Dunn said.
"We want to be the beta partner of choice for startups," he said.
Dunn said the incubator will not have any equity stake in the participating companies.
Howard Tullman, CEO of 1871, said in a statement: “At 1871, we’re working to enable entrepreneurs to address some of education’s biggest challenges. Chicago’s vast network of schools, educators and students presents a wide range of opportunities for technology to dramatically improve the way students receive education.”
1871 previously announced initiatives aimed at women-owned businesses, real estate startups and veteran-owned businesses, with incubators in the food, financial technology, Internet of Everything and startup engineering all in the works, Wooten said.

Simple. Thrifty. Living.GET UPDATES FROM Simple. Thrifty. Living.
 
Like
16
Simple. Thrifty. Living. is a personal finance website geared to offer expert financial advice to everyday people. The site's writers, who are experts in their individual fields, cover everything from credit cards to secret discounts on travel. You can read more from Simple. Thrifty. Living. at www.simplethriftyliving.com .
Entries by Simple. Thrifty. Living.
Are You Afraid of Money? 6 Ways Math Fears Can Cost You
(1) Comments | Posted September 10, 2014 | 9:16 PM
One of the most common problems people have with money is that they tend to remain uneducated about it. Money can be complicated, especially when you are dealing with debt, interest rates, fees and other complicated math issues. And let's be honest, the majority of us tried to leave math...
In Your 20s? 40s? 60s? The Best Financial Goals for Every Age
(0) Comments | Posted August 28, 2014 | 2:37 PM
No matter where you are in life, finances can be a big pain in the you-know-what. It doesn't get easier, no matter how much older you get. So to help, we've devised a little roadmap of goals that everyone can follow to make sure they are meeting the right financial...
Are People Ditching Banks and Going Online for Loans?
(0) Comments | Posted August 22, 2014 | 12:07 PM
In the past, if you needed a loan for your car, home improvements or to consolidate your credit cards, you would need to get dressed up and head down to the bank to beg for money. The Internet has made things a little easier. Online personal loans are now available...
3 Ways to Improve Your Credit Score in Less Than 5 Minutes
(0) Comments | Posted August 20, 2014 | 12:49 PM
If you are looking to buy a car, rent an apartment or take out a loan, you need to make sure that your credit score is at it's best. While it takes seven years for most derogatory items on your credit report to be removed, there are a few things...
3 Smart Ways to Use Credit Cards to Help Offset Wedding Costs
(0) Comments | Posted August 15, 2014 | 7:00 PM
This might sound like the worst idea, but sometimes putting some wedding costs on a credit card can actually make good financial sense. You just need to be careful with how you use it.
Most people think of credit cards as a slippery slope when it comes to big...
The Easiest Way to Stop Paying Interest on Credit Card Debt
(2) Comments | Posted July 22, 2014 | 8:14 PM
Let's be honest, America is having a credit card debt crisis. We, as a nation, are $11.4 trillion in debt to credit card companies. With fees and interest rates, it can often be difficult to climb out of the hole of credit card debt we created.
Luckily, there is...
Do Identity Theft Protection Services Work?
(0) Comments | Posted May  1, 2014 | 1:11 PM
With more and more major retailers being hit by hackers and major security flaws on the Internet like Heartbleed, identity theft is becoming more and more of a threat.
This also means that identity theft protection services are making a full-court press to get everyone to sign up for...
Is Paying Your Taxes with a Credit Card the Worst Idea Ever?
(1) Comments | Posted February 27, 2014 | 11:29 AM
With the most recent recession and America still trying to dig its way out of debt, many are balking at credit cards in a way that we never have before. With high interest rates and countless fees being tacked on to our debt, it seems like credit cards are used...
Should You Give Your Kids a Credit Card?
(0) Comments | Posted February  3, 2014 | 10:18 AM
First, don't freak out. I know that the idea of handing the power of a credit card over to your kids is a heart attack-inducing concept, but hear me out. Teaching our kids about money and credit will better prepare them for their financial future, and hopefully steer them away...
Credit Card Tricks to Save on Holiday Shopping
(0) Comments | Posted November 25, 2013 | 10:39 PM
A lot of people these days blame credit cards for the national debt crisis, but really credit cards can be used to save a whole lot of money, especially during extreme shopping situations, like the holidays. If you use a credit card properly, it can even help you make a...
Simple Ways to Raise Your Credit Score
(5) Comments | Posted November  7, 2013 | 8:27 AM
If you're like most people, the recession took a toll on your finances and probably your credit score. So how do you get it back to where it needs to be? While it usually takes seven years for any negatives marks to be removed from your credit report, there are...
Do Credit Repair Services Really Work?
(2) Comments | Posted October 28, 2013 | 9:24 AM
You've seen the ads claiming to be able to fix your bad credit, but do credit repair products really work? Honestly, many of the companies are a scam. But the credit repair services that have been around for a couple decades know the rules surrounding credit repair and...
What Are the Most Popular Credit Card Complaints
(0) Comments | Posted October  2, 2013 | 3:47 PM
What do people have the most issues with when it comes to credit cards? The results may surprise you. While billing issues and interest rates are obviously a sticking point when it comes to dealing with your credit card lender, most of the top five complaints from consumers revolve around...
What Is the Optimal Credit Score?
(4) Comments | Posted September  2, 2013 | 3:09 PM
Truthfully, the highest credit score is not the score you should be shooting for. The whole point of a credit score is to get you the best rates and credit limits when you are applying for loans and credits. While it seems like the highest score would get...
Simple Ways We Ruin Our Credit Without Knowing It
(7) Comments | Posted August  4, 2013 | 7:36 PM
Everyone knows that your credit score is important for most of your financial moves, whether it be applying for a credit card or trying to score that massive mortgage. The problem is that most of us don't know how our credit scores are calculated, so we don't really know how...
6 Financial Hurdles to Jump Before You Turn 30
(2) Comments | Posted July 26, 2013 | 5:53 PM
You've graduated college, you are in the real world and you are living it up. But at some point during all the fun, you wake up one morning and realize that you are quickly approaching 30 and haven't really got your life together yet. Not to worry, many people are...
How to Come Back From a Financial Crisis
(0) Comments | Posted July 22, 2013 | 9:45 PM
It seems we are on the other side of the recession, or at least on our way out, but that doesn't mean we're not still feeling the pain from it. If you lost your job or your house or had some other financial emergency during the recession, you might currently...
How I Learned to Live Without Credit Cards
(15) Comments | Posted June 28, 2013 | 2:35 PM
More and more people are opting to live without credit cards, since many of us get swept up in the convenience of the buy now/pay later mentality. That could be why the country is almost $800 billion in credit card debt. I know, I was one of the people swept...
Just Graduated? Don't Make the Same Financial Mistakes I Did
(0) Comments | Posted June 24, 2013 | 11:52 AM
Congratulations, graduates! You've finished school and now you get to join the real world with the rest of us. It's nice here in the real world. You get to make your own decisions. You get to pick your destiny. And, best of all, you get to spend your money any...
5 Money Talks You Should Have With Your Kids
(6) Comments | Posted June 14, 2013 | 2:30 PM
Kids learn about how to use money from their parents, but it turns out that most parents don't like talking to their kids about money. In fact, it turns out that parents feel more prepared to talk to their kids about sex than about money. This has lead to a...

Jammu and Kashmir floods in 50 pics: A look at the extent of horrific floodingOver 1,84,000 people marooned in the floods in Jammu and Kashmir have been rescued so far by the armed forces and NDRF, and the focus now will largely be on the health situation, officials said Sunday.
Here are 50 images that clearly show the extent of the horrific flooding in Jammu and Kashmir:
Tourists wait to be evacuated by Indian Air Force helicopters during rescue and relief operations following flooding in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A truck is half-buried in gravel from a landslide caused by flash floods in Akhnoor, about 48 kilometers northwest of Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
A mother with her child in a chopper after being airlifted from the Nehru helipad in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
An aerial view showing buildings partially submerged in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
A wounded lady is helped by Indian Air Force members after she was evacuated from a flooded area in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar.HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
A handout photo made available by Indian Air Force showing the stranded people signaling for help
People being rescued by the army and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army and local people after the flood at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
Kashmiri houses submerged by floodwaters are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A Kashmiri woman and her daughter (R) stand on the first floor of their flooded house as they wait to be rescued in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Indian army soldiers rescue a Kashmiri girl from her flooded house in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Indian army soldiers evacuate flood victims by boat to a safer place in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Migrant workers cover themselves with plastic sheets to shield from the rain, as they camp on a highway after the area they were living in was inundated by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
A temple is partially submerged in floodwaters in Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
Flood-affected people rescued from various parts of Jammu and Kashmir being flown to Chandigarh by a C-17 Globemaster III. PTI Photo
Flood-affected people rescued from various parts of Jammu and Kashmir wade through the water to reach a safer location. PTI Photo
Kashmiri men gather along a flooded street in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Houses are partially submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri residents rescue a flood victim in Srinagar. (AP Photo/Altaf Qadri)
A truck evacuating Kashmiri flood victims to higher ground travels through a flooded street in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Vehicles are submerged in floodwaters during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/ Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri people hold a man as he falls from a tractor evacuating flood victims to higher grounds, as they move through a flooded street in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
An aerial view shows the flooded Srinagar city. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
An aerial view shows buildings submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Policemen stand guard as migrant workers gather outside the airport to leave the flooded Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Flood-affected Kashmiris shout out for help from the roof of a house in Srinagar. PTI Photo
Kashmiris hang on to a tree to prevent being swept away by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
A Kashmiri man crosses over flood waters with the use of a rope in Srinagar. AFP Photo/ Punit Paranjpe
A stranded Kashmiri man is rescued by an Indian Air Force helicopter from a submerged house during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
A Kashmiri man struggles as he tries to cross floodwaters with the help of a rope during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri people are rescued with an excavator during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
An aerial view taken from an Indian Air Force's helicopter shows the remains of a bridge after it was swept away by floodwaters from the river Tawi on the outskirts of Jammu. Reuters/Mukesh Gupta
Armed forces personnel offload relief material from an aircraft to distribute to flood affected people, at the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Flood affected people prepare to leave from the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Flood affected people prepare to leave from the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
People move through a flooded area of Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Kashmiri houseboats and houses submerged by floodwater are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Dal Lake in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
Soldiers carry a seriously ill tourist towards a waiting Indian Air Force helicopter after he was rescued from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Kashmiri houseboats and houses submerged by floodwater are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Dal Lake in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A tourist is airlifted from the roof of a five-story hotel, four of which are submerged in floodwaters, in Srinagar. PTI Photo
People walk on a flooded road in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Flood-affected people stranded on the roof of a five-story hotel rush to be airlifted in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasi
People and cars stand on dry patches of land, surrounded by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Flood-affected people row boats past partially submerged buildings in floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
An aerial view shows buildings partially submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar on Tuesday. PTI Photo
A Kashmiri family is transported by boat through the floodwaters of Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe

This Is Why Plumbers Rule The Worldreddit
I had to smile when a colleague emailed that she had to work from home that day because she needed to wait for the plumber. She's a virgin home owner, which is to say that when she and her husband bought their first house just a few months ago, she hadn't a clue what bidding adieu to a landlord meant. Mostly what it means is that you spend a lot of time waiting for plumbers.
I have a long-standing relationship with my plumber. I have this relationship, in part, because I have a septic tank and teenagers who enjoy liberal use of triple-ply toilet paper. I long for the good old days when TP was something that adorned trees at Halloween instead of my kids using half a roll of it per bathroom visit.
Another reason my plumber and I are close is hair conditioner. We use it. I won't mention the face cleanser with the little ground up beads that the FDA or someone just banned, but I use that too. Each of these scum-causing, drain-clogging beauty products is good for a couple of plumbing house calls a year.
Hair: that's another big ticket item that brings my plumber and I close. Every member of my family, save my husband, has it (hair) and we apparently shed a fair amount of it every time we shower.
Yes, I have clogged toilets and drains; a hot water heater that makes noises when nobody but me is home to hear it; and a septic tank that does what septic tanks do, which is make you yearn for city sewers.
Of all the various servicemen who come to my house on repair calls, it is my plumber who is the most interesting. (Our former electrician with the image of his dead dog tattooed on his leg was interesting, but in a different way.) My plumber, well, he's like the relief pitcher that comes in to win the big game. When the plumber is coming, I join the dogs -- our ears perked up waiting for the sound of his truck coming up the driveway, our eyes glued to the door, waiting for him to walk through it so we can pounce. Our joy that he is finally there is tangible and we are so glad he's "home" that we wouldn't dream of showing attitude about what took him so long to get there.
The plumber we had in our previous house would often not show up on the day of the appointment. When he did come, he always left a tool or two behind. I came to see this as a dog marking his territory; my husband said it just spoke to our plumber's conviction that he would be returning shortly to fix something else. For sure it served as an explanation of why he often didn't come on the day of the appointment: He was busy driving around collecting his tools.
I actually like my new plumber much more than the guy who forgot his tools all the time. I would never in a million years write about either plumber negatively in a Yelp review. But there is something I don't understand: If it's possible for a reporter to get where she has to be to interview someone at a certain time, why is that not possible for a plumber? We both have the uncertainty of traffic and not knowing what awaits us on the other end.
I remember once as a cub reporter being sent over to a family's house to ask for a photo of their son who had just died tragically. I walked in and while suspicious of me at first, the grief-stricken Mom began to tell me stories of her son's life. To cut her off and leave would have been rude so I sat there for two hours listening. When the doorbell rang for a floral delivery, I made my break.
"You've been so kind to stay and listen to me," the Mom said. "Thank you for that."
So every time the plumber is late, I just envision that the customer ahead of me must have needed him to listen. And if you don't think talking to the plumber is cathartic, you just haven't owned a home long enough.
Earlier on Huff/Post50:

Sensex ends below 27k; over 400 stks hit 52-wk highET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex ended the volatile session in negative just below its crucial psychological level of 27000, led by losses in ONGC , Sun Pharma, ICICI Bank, Wipro and TCS.
However, the real action was seen in small and midcap stocks and as much as 438 stocks hit fresh 52-week highs on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
The BSE Sensex finally closed 61.54 points lower or 0.23 per cent at 26,995.87. It hit a low of 26,904.50 and a high of 27150.78 in trade today.
Tracking the momentum, 50-share Nifty index also pared its intraday gains and closed below its crucial psychological level of 8100. It hit a low of 8057.30 and a high of 8127.95 in trade today.
After rallying over 1000 points since August and nearly 6000 points so far in the year 2014, S&P BSE Sensex came under bit of pressure. Analysts see this more as part of consolidation and not as a big correction.
"This consolidation phase, that we are seeing right now, is likely to continue for some more time," said Manishi Raychaudhuri, MD & Asia Equity Strategist, BNP Paribas.
"Indian stocks have outperformed this year for a good reason. If you look at the entire emerging market universe, India is possibly the best story fundamentally," he added.
The S&P BSE Midcap index closed 1.1 per cent higher at 9963.51 and as much as 26 stocks rose to their fresh 52-week highs which include names like Torrent Power, Ashok Leyland, City Union Bank, Jyothy Laboratories etc.
The S&P BSE Small Cap index closed 1.46 per cent higher at 11,110.92 and as much as 70 stocks hit their fresh 52-week highs and as much as V-Guard Industries, Trident, GATI, Balmer Lawrie Investments, EIH Associated Hotels, Heritage Foods etc.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Verizon s Fiber Optic Networks Are  Title II  -- Here s What the FCC Should DoDear FCC Chairman Wheeler, Commissioners, cc: Congress
RE: Verizon's Fiber Optic Networks are "Title II" -- Here's What the FCC Should Do.
DOCKET: Open Internet Proceeding, (GN No.14-28)
This quote is from a Verizon New York cable franchise agreement and it is similar, if not identical to language that appears in hundreds of Verizon's municipality, city and system-wide franchise agreements in multiple states. (See Appendix 1 for other examples.)
Be a Signatory (add any comments in the email).
1. The Request
We, the undersigned, request that the FCC:
Acknowledge the fact that Verizon's entire Fiber-to-the-Premises (FTTP) networks are currently classified as "Title II," common carriage, telecommunications networks. There is no need for reclassification of Verizon's networks; -- They are already Title II.
Investigate Verizon's failure to disclose this essential fact to the FCC, to the courts or to the public in any documents, filings, comments, public statements, etc.
Investigate "Title Shopping," where Verizon has used different classifications to get regulatory benefits in different state and federal proceedings for the same wires.
Investigate Verizon's current use of the Title II classification to receive multiple benefits as part of state-based utility telecommunications networks, including utility rights-of-way as well as various financial benefits.
To resolve Net Neutrality issues, it is time to require open access to these Title II networks so that customers can choose their own competitive broadband, Internet, cable and phone providers, regardless of whether the network wires are copper or fiber.
The FCC needs to be 'data-driven' and must reinstate the financial and business data for the incumbent wireline telco and cable carriers. For example, the "Statistics of Common Carriers", first published in 1939, was discontinued in 2007
.
2. The Basis for the Request:
Compare Verizon's Open Internet comments below with the previous quote. (Appendix 2 supplies other, similar quotes from Verizon.)
Verizon Comments , Open Internet Remand Proceeding, July 15th, 2014
"Imposing a Title II common carriage regime on broadband providers would be a radical change in course that would only chill, not spur innovation. Title II is a regulatory dinosaur, crafted eighty years ago - and based on 19th-Century laws regulating railroads - to address the one-wire world of rotary telephones...."
This contrast is most distinct with Verizon, but other incumbent phone and cable companies take equivalent conflicted positions.
The FCC Needs to Investigate Verizon's Failure to Properly Disclose Essential Facts about Their Use of Title II and "Title Shopping".
Wikipedia defines " polycephaly " as "a condition of having more than one head."  In this case, Verizon's entire Net Neutrality case at the FCC and in the courts hinges on the claim that federal law was changed by a series of FCC and court decisions to combine broadband and Internet into one category -- an "information service" under Title I. Among other things, this allows Verizon to block competitors from using these FTTP networks. And in every Verizon statement, filing, comments, legal and regulatory action at the FCC and with the courts, Verizon has continually claimed Title II is detrimental to investments, innovation and a host of other harms.
Yet, the fact is -- Verizon's own cable franchise agreements in hundreds of locations are based on Title II transmission facilities. While the Net Neutrality issue extends well past Verizon's FTTP networks, Verizon has been the leader in legal actions against the FCC's decisions about the use of Title II -- and their at best disingenuous actions need investigation.
" Title Shopping "
Verizon's use of different classifications in different state and federal proceedings needs investigation.
"Title Shopping is the use of different regulatory classifications for the same product or service in different local, state and federal regulatory or legal proceedings. It is designed to maximize the 'regulatory' benefits that would not be available if only one classification was applied."
Verizon's Use of Title II Raises Many Other Financial and Regulatory Concerns.
In May of 2014, the Public Utility Law Project of New York, Inc. ("the Utility Project") released a report written by New Networks Institute, with the assistance of David Bergmann, which outlined how Verizon New York uses the Title II classification to get the utility-based rights-of-way as a telecommunication service. The report, " It's All Interconnected ," showed how Verizon also receives financial benefits from using Title II , which included rate increases on basic rate phone customers for the 'massive deployment of fiber optics' that then supported the FiOS product, fiber-to-the-cell towers for Verizon Wireless and Verizon's special access services to business.
In July 2014, the Connect New York Coalition (consisting of AARP, Common Cause, Consumer Union, Communications Workers of America (CWA)-District 1, mayors of New York cities and other politicians and groups) filed a petition with the New York State Public Service Commission to investigate these financial issues.  The FCC needs to do the same investigations about the financial benefits of 'Title II' to Verizon, as these problems appear to exist in all Verizon states.
Opening the Networks to Direct Competition Would Solve Net Neutrality Issues.
The Connect NY's petition and the Utility Project report point directly to the ability of the companies' own affiliates, Verizon Online, Wireless and Business, to receive multiple business and financial advantages from the ties to the State utility's wires over all competitors -- through the use of Title II. This has allowed Verizon and Verizon's affiliate subsidiaries to create new 'bottlenecks,' on the end-user side, as well as on the business side for competitors and content providers.
The FCC has already started a proceeding on Special Access services but it is time to understand and investigate Verizon's use of Title II and the other Titles in federal and state proceedings, as well as how the affiliates can and will 'vertically integrate' and work together to block, degrade, filter, slow down or other interfere with a customer's service.
The solution is simple -- return direct competition to these Title II networks. The FCC may be reluctant to take this path. However, it is clear from former Chairman Michael Powell's reasoning for closing the networks, during the Triennial Review, that it is time to reconsider. Powell's decision was based on a 'commitment' of AT&T (then SBC) to deploy fiber-to-the-home, capable of 100 Mbps services in 2004 -- which never happened.
Powell wrote , in October 2004:
"In my separate statement to the Triennial Review Order and in countless other statements during my seven years at the Commission, I have emphasized that 'broadband deployment is the most central communications policy objective of our day'. Today, we take another important step forward to realize this objective.... By removing unbundling obligations for fiber-based technologies, today's decision holds great promise for consumers, the telecommunications sector and the American economy. The networks we are considering in this item offer speeds of up to 100 Mbps and exist largely where no provider has undertaken the expense and risk of pulling fiber all the way to a home.
SBC has committed to serve 300,000 households with a FTTH network while BellSouth has deployed a deep fiber network to approximately 1 million homes. Other carriers are taking similar actions."
AT&T (then SBC and BellSouth) instead deployed U-Verse over their original, legacy copper utility networks. (Ironically, a decade later, AT&T again claims it will deploy fiber optic services with speeds of over 100 Mbps -- and is using these deployments as a means to 'sweeten' the merger of AT&T-Direct TV and push through AT&T's IP transition trials), Verizon, meanwhile, was able to game the regulatory system by keeping competitors off its fiber networks using the federal rulings, while simultaneously invoking Title II in the states to get regulatory and financial favors. There have been no audits or oversight about these issues.
The FCC Needs to be 'Data-Driven' with Actual Data.
Finally, we focused on Verizon specifically because of the documentation and financial information that has been found, as shown in the New Networks/Utility Project report. AT&T benefits from not publishing SEC-filed state reports and a lack of state commission-required information, but most importantly the FCC has erased obligations for AT&T to provide, by state, basic business and financial information that was part of the "Statistics of Common Carriers" that had been published since 1939, as well as the FCC's "ARMIS" reports, and the requirement to supply basic, fundamental information was halted in 2007. And the FCC has a current proceeding to " streamline telephone company accounting rules ," which is a euphemism for erasing more obligations to provide basic data.
We request that the FCC reinstate all data collection that has erased the ability for the public to act as watchdog to help the FCC create policy that is 'data-driven'.
Conclusion: To be blunt, Verizon has gamed the entire regulatory process via "Title Shopping" in the Open Internet docket and in many other ongoing proceedings that impact all of America's communications. Verizon has repeatedly invoked the Title II status of its fiber networks when it benefits them, but then adamantly complains about alleged (but untrue) burdens flowing from Title II such as investment deterrence. The continuing common carrier status of the fiber network must be recognized and fully taken into account through immediate investigations and initiatives to restore data collection.
Opening these "Title II" networks, which have been funded through utility customers, not only solves Net Neutrality, but also brings needed, direct competition to networks that were closed through misrepresentation by the incumbent phone companies for way too long.
Verizon promised a Title II, open fiber-based platform that would be available to all. It received Title II benefits, but has do date avoided the concomitant burdens. The open platform is closed to competition and available only to affiliates on secret, favorable and below-cost terms. The FCC should finally force a telephone company to keep the promises it has made.
SIGNATURES
Help us get an investigation into Verizon's use of Title II and start the process to reopen the networks to competition.  The letter will be sent on September 15th as reply comments in the Open Internet proceedings, separately to the FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler and Commissioners, as well as to Congress.
Be a Signatory (add any comments in the email).
More:

Stocks slip as commodity prices slideLast updated: September 11, 2014 9:44 pm
US stocks pare losses as oil rebounds
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98fc764a-3962-11e4-9cce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Foreign brokerages expect upgrade in India s credit outlookForeign brokerages expect upgrade in India's credit outlook
By PTI | 11 Sep, 2014, 09.31PM IST
0
Share More
There is a 'compelling' case for an upgrade of India's sovereign rating outlook, two brokerages said today with one of them anticipating the revision in 2017.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: There is a 'compelling' case for an upgrade of India's sovereign rating outlook, two brokerages said today with one of them anticipating the revision in 2017.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch today said "worst is over" for India and credit rating agencies are likely to upgrade their outlook for the country sooner rather than later.
British brokerage Barclays said that it expects India's foreign currency ratings to move to the 'BBB' level from the current 'BBB-' by 2017.
"Such a move is likely to occur against a backdrop of sustained higher growth, relatively stable inflation and continued fiscal consolidation," it said in a note.
Barclays said the key risk to the rating will be oil price hike, reduction in the political will to carry out the necessary reforms and domestic security risks.
BofA-ML said meanwhile that "with Moody's downgrading their Brazil outlook last night, key emerging market peers are seeing downgrades", but added that "we expect rating agencies to upgrade their outlook for India. We see three compelling reasons to expect at least an outlook upgrade for India".
It said the prime drivers for an upgrade in the outlook would be: growth is bottoming out and there is an expected rebound to the 8 per cent level by 2018; inflation is peaking and expected to reduce, and a reduction in the fiscal as well as current account deficits.
At least two of the international credit rating agencies, led by S&P, have expressed concerns about country's sovereign rating since 2012. They raised issues of sagging growth, high inflation, high fiscal deficit and also a sense of 'policy paralysis' which had its roots in a perceived lack of decision making by the previous UPA regime.
S&P has a 'BBB-' rating with a negative outlook on the country. 'BBB--' is the lowest investment grade and a downgrade would mean pushing the country's sovereign rating to junk status, making overseas borrowings by corporates costlier.
BofA-ML said: "We thought the S&P downgrade of the BBB- outlook to negative from stable in April 2012 unwarranted."
The government has been meeting representatives of the rating agencies for over a month, trying to impress upon them positives in the economy. Moody's has assigned 'Baa3' rating on India, with a stable outlook, which suggests a possibility of an upgrade.
Fitch has affirmed India's long--term foreign and local currency issuer default rating at 'BBB--' with stable outlook.
Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram had met representatives of the Moody's earlier this week.
"We presented our case. The budget has strong growth impulses and response of the economy is positive. They have concerns about fiscal deficit. We explained that we will be able to maintain target," he told reporters after the meeting.
The government has affirmed a commitment to stick to the 4.1 per cent fiscal deficit target for the current fiscal and bring it down gradually to 3 per cent by FY17.

Wall Street falls; 52-week lows outnumber highsWall Street falls; 52-week lows outnumber highs
By Reuters | 11 Sep, 2014, 09.18PM IST
0
Share More
The weakness was largely concentrated in small-cap names. The broad S&P 500 index posted 11 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW YORK: US stocks fell on Thursday, dropping in a broad decline that saw the number of companies hitting 52-week lows outnumber the companies hitting highs for the first time since early August.
On the New York Stock Exchange, 36 companies hit 52-week lows, including such names as Peabody Energy and Herbalife Ltd. Only 24 NYSE names hit 52-week highs, marking the first time lows outnumbered highs since Aug. 8. Lows also outpaced highs on the Nasdaq, seven to five.
The weakness was largely concentrated in small-cap names. The broad S&P 500 index posted 11 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows.
The statistic is a cautious signal for market breadth, along with the S&P 500 holding under its 14-day moving average, a key technical level it is on track to close below for the third straight session.
Wall Street's weakness came as weak jobless claims data pushed investors to continue taking profits in a market that had rallied to repeated records.
Still, many analysts view the longer-term uptrend as intact. In addition to holding near record levels, the S&P hasn't suffered a prolonged pullback in months, with investors using pronounced market drops as buying opportunities.
"Fundamentally, we're at all-time highs for profits and dividends and global trade, so the market should continue its longer-term trend higher," said Tim Courtney, chief investment officer of Exencial Wealth Advisors in Oklahoma City.
"The one thing the market is concerned about is when interest rates are going to rise, but with the weak jobs data, the Fed has cover to push that back until next year."
The Dow Jones industrial average was falling 64.66 points, or 0.38 percent, to 17,004.05, the S&P 500 was losing 5.46 points, or 0.27 percent, to 1,990.23 and the Nasdaq Composite was dropping 16.80 points, or 0.37 percent, to 4,569.72.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Taminco Corp, rising 11.66 percent, while the largest percentage decliner was Brady Corp, down 10.42 percent.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Bank of America, up 1.47 percent to $16.60; AK Steel Holding , up 2.97 percent to $9.35 and Sprint Corp, up 4.55 percent to $6.43.
On the Nasdaq, Apple Inc, down 1.1 percent to $99.88, JDS Uniphase, up 11.4 percent to $13.48, and Lululemon Athletica, up 17.0 percent to $44.93, were among the most actively traded.
Declining issues were outnumbering advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,718 to 1,188, for a 1.45-to-1 ratio on the downside; on the Nasdaq, 1,533 issues were falling and 1,014 advancing for a 1.51-to-1 ratio favoring decliners.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Lord Hanuman gets Aadhaar card  but there are no takers for itLord Hanuman gets Aadhaar card, but there are no takers for it
PTI  Sikar, September 11, 2014
First Published: 20:51 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:09 IST(11/9/2014)
Lord Hanuman has managed to get an Aadhaar card made, but there are no takers for it.
 
The unique identification card with registration number 2094705195411 bearing a picture of the popular Hindu god, addressed him as the son of 'Pawan' besides giving a mobile number and thumbprint.
 
A postman from Dantaramgarh in Sikar district of Rajasthan was unable to deliver the card, which was dispatched from Bangalore on September 6, as there was no authentic recipients for it, post office authorities said.
 
"When postman Heera Lal received the card for delivery, he was shocked and brought the matter to the notice of senior officials. When they tried calling the number, it was switched off," said postmaster Gobraj, adding that preliminary probe into the matter suggested that the card was made by one Vikas.
 
The card will be sent back to Bangalore as there was no recipients for it, he added.

Bid commissions jump as FIIs rush to grab go...Bid commissions jump as FIIs rush to grab govt bonds
By Saikat Das , ET Bureau | 11 Sep, 2014, 10.11PM IST
FIIs bidding for govt debt have forked out commissions several times higher than that in the last auction on August 22, a possible sign of confidence in the govt's reform policy measures.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Foreign institutional investors bidding for government debt have forked out commissions several times higher than that in the last auction on August 22, a possible sign of confidence in the government's reform policy measures.
In Tuesday's auction, the cut-off level — below which bids are not allotted—stood at Rs 0.05 versus Rs 0.0040 in the earlier auction. This means if an overseas investor bids for Rs 1 lakh, it will pay about Rs 60 as commission to the Securities Exchange Board of India (Sebi) compared with Rs 4 in the previous auction.
"India is at a sweet spot from global perspective," said Ashish Vaidya, executive director and head of trading and asset liability management at DBS Bank . "Globally, investors are in search for high-yielding assets as liquidity is sloshing. After general elections, India's political climate has turned stable with improving growth, stable financial markets and reasonably well inflation ."
A total of 48 investors bid for nearly Rs 5,000 crore against which the authorities allowed Rs 3,117 crore investment limits. The number of bidders have more than doubled since the last auction for Rs 3,208 crore.
"Global investors waited for the last 20 days to get an opportunity to buy limits for investing in government debt securities," said Ajay Manglunia, senior vice-president, Edelweiss Financial Services . "Hence, the response was huge. Last time, investors didn't bid in a big way, as just two days before auctions large investor had invested big sums."
The country sells the residual investment limits in government debt after the foreign investors exhaust 90% of the overall limit. Before the latest auction, about 97.49% of the limit in government bonds of the $25 billion cap was used.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

9/11 aftermath: US taxpayers pay $10.5mn every hour to fund war against terrorThe 13th anniversary of the biggest terrorist attack on American soil, which changed the global paradigm of terrorism, is on Thursday.
 
George Bush, the then US president, had said that the United States will use all its resources to conquer the enemy and the battle will take time to resolve but will be won.
 
Interestingly, US President Barack Obama laid out his ISIS plans in a televised speech on Wednesday. Obama said he has the “authority he needs to take action” against the ISIS.
 
A war definitely takes a huge social toll, but how much did it cost the US economically to continue with its engagements in Afghanistan and Iraq since 2001?
 
If we take a look at the cost of its wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, then US taxpayers have been paying $10.5 million every hour to fund it. Interestingly, $10 million has been used in Afghanistan and the figure is still increasing every second.
 
The following interactive gives an idea of how much the taxpayers pay every hour on defence as compared to education, housing assistance, nutrition and medical aid:
 
Click here to see the interactive
 
If you add up the numbers, then US taxpayers pay almost $70 million on security related expenditure per hour and spend around $62 million for the county’s social needs.
 
Now, what would Americans fund if they had the power to decide?
 
We select the state of Texas and Illinois to conduct this trade off exercise as George Bush belonged to Texas and started the ‘war on terror’ and Obama represents the state of Illinois.
 
The graph above clearly shows the kind of change it can bring for its citizens if the US government substitutes its defence budget and invests in social parameters instead.
 
Apart from the economic aspect, the war in Afghanistan and Iraq has killed at least 6,800 US soldiers, 1, 54,000 civilians (direct casualty to the war to consequences like breakdown of public health) and uprooted more than 3 million people from their homes.
 
In response to a HT mail query, Neta Crawford, professor of political science at Boston University, says that it would have been unlikely that the US would have started a war in Iraq in 2003 if Al Gore or Obama would have been the president.
 
It is also doubtful if the Afghanistan invasion would have taken place at all, let alone the funding of the Northern Alliance in 2001.
 
Crawford also suspects that ISIS engagement of the US can lead to a far larger commitment, which is $7.5 million a day right now.
 
Recent air strikes by the US have helped the Iraqi forces secure the Haditha Dam area from the ISIS. More than 100 air strikes took place on ISIS targets in Iraq since August this year.
 
Obama should keep the real cost of war in mind before he takes on the ISIS.
Interactive : Vignesh Radhakrishnan (@vinuthewriter)

Ozone layer showing signs of recovery  finds UN studyOzone layer showing signs of recovery, finds UN study
Reuters
print
The ozone layer that shields life from cancer-causing solar rays is showing its first sign of recovery after years of dangerous depletion, a UN study said, in a rare piece of good news on the environment.
Experts said it was largely down to global action — a 1987 ban on man-made gases that damage the fragile high-altitude screen.
The agreement would help prevent millions of cases of skin cancer and other conditions, they added.
The ozone hole that appears over Antarctica has also stopped growing bigger every year, though it will be about a decade before it starts shrinking, said the report co-produced by the World Meteorological Organization and the UN Environment Programme.
Past studies have also suggested the ozone layer has stopped getting worse. “For the first time we say that we see indications of a small increase in total ozone.
That means recovery of the ozone layer in terms of total ozone has just started,” the report said. The largest ozone hole on record was about 30 million square km in 2006.
The hole now covers about 20 million square km — big enough for the moon to pass through — but may not have peaked this season.
The size of the hole varies from year to year, partly due to temperature in the upper atmosphere.

Resolving Kashmir issue imp for world peace:...READ MORE ON » Kashmir dispute
 A resolution to the Kashmir dispute is crucial for world peace, a group of cross-party lawmakers stressed today during a debate in the UK Parliament complex.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
LONDON: A resolution to the Kashmir dispute is crucial for world peace, a group of cross-party lawmakers stressed today during a debate in the UK Parliament complex.
"A final resolution to the Kashmir issue is hugely important to world peace. Until the situation is resolved, the potential still exists for India and Pakistan to go to war," said Liberal Democrat MP David Ward, who had secured the debate on the 'Political and Humanitarian Situation in Kashmir' as part of the regular Backbench Business Committee application process in the House of Commons.
The Bradford MP opened the debate in Committee Room 10 with a reference to the "devastating floods which have caused despair to thousands", adding: "We simply cannot escape the British legacy; we have an obligation to take an interest in Kashmir...offering help is far from interfering".
Britain's former minister in charge of business engagement with India, Gregory Barker MP, countered on behalf of the UK government's view.
"There is a democratic process in place and around 61 per cent of the population participated in state elections in the region, which sits as part of the world's largest democracy," he said.
"Any British insertion will be very unhelpful...India has been the subject of vile terrorist attacks and we stand shoulder to shoulder [with India] on the issue of terrorism," he added.
His views were echoed by Labour MP Barry Gardiner, who likened the discussion to the ongoing debate around Scotland's independence from the United Kingdom.
"This is almost akin to the Lok Sabha debating the merits and de-merits of Scottish independence," he said.
Around 13 cross-party MPs, including Labour's shadow finance secretary Shabana Mahmood and Indian-origin Labour MP Virendra Sharma, addressed both sides of the debate calling Kashmir dispute a "threat" to regional and global peace and to give the people "right to self-determination".
Ward, who represents a largely Kashmiri-origin population in his constituency of Bradford, had secured the debate based on a petition by the 'Jammu & Kashmir Self-Determination Movement' which gained thousands of signatures.
It had raised concerns among some groups regarding the timing coinciding with the September 11 US attacks anniversary as well as the focus of the debate.
"A number of British Indian organisations have contacted us expressing concerns on this Kashmir debate development in the House of Commons at this time because they fear that it could be used as an India/Indian bashing opportunity," said the British Hindu Voice in an appeal to MPs.
The British Parliament's Backbench Business Committee meets weekly to consider requests for debates from any backbench MPs on any subject, including those raised in e-petitions or national campaigns.
These debates are held in a chamber within the House of Commons complex and aimed at lobbying UK government on specific issues.

US Budget Deficit Dips to $128.7 Billion in AugustIf it's not stuck in your head now, it will be in a few seconds. Transylvania University's Delta Sigma Phi created a...
YouTube

Manmohan cant wash hands of 2G  coal scams: Ex-CAG RaiComments
Former prime minister Manmohan Singh was aware of the controversial decisions made around the allocation of coal blocks and 2G spectrums that led to massive losses to the state exchequer, Vinod Rai, the former chief auditor of India, said on Thursday.
In an interview to Times Now, Rai also alleged some Congress leaders had sought to apply pressure on him to keep the PM's name out of audit reports.
 
Rai’s comments are his first direct attack against Singh who has so far denied knowledge of the decisions made by his ministers, scandals that rocked his premiership and contributed to the ouster of the Congress party-led UPA government in the April-May Lok Sabha elections.
His allegations are completely baseless and untrue,I challenge his memory-Sanjay Nirupam,Cong on former CAG Vinod Rai pic.twitter.com/W79pAQ3ScW
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 11, 2014
 
“In 2G and coal there is no way he can shirk responsibility,” Rai told the Outlook magazine in an interview published ahead of the September 15 launch of his tell-all book ‘Not Just An Accountant’.
 “In 2G all the letters written by A Raja were to him and he was replying to those letters. I got no reply to any letter I wrote to him.
 
“On one occasion when I called on him, the PM said I hope you don’t expect a reply from me, whereas he was replying to Raja twice a day. So how can he be not held responsible for the onus of that decision?”
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Manmohan Singh and suggested that the former PM was more interested in remaining in power.
Last month, Rai had said political exigency led the former PM to acquiesce to the controversial decisions which have since been ruled as illegal by court. The award of 2G spectrums has been cancelled by the Supreme Court, which is still hearing the case for scrapping the allocation of more than 200 coal blocks.
 
So far, the 81-year-old Singh, prime minister between 2004 and 2014, has been largely seen as a well-intentioned man of high personal integrity but one often unable to assert his authority.
 
Rai’s comments blow a hole into that image.
 
“Integrity is not just financial; it is intellectual integrity; it is professional integrity. You have an oath of allegiance to the constitution and that is important,” the former Comptroller and Accountant General (CAG) said.
 
“You cannot sacrifice everything at the altar of trying to ensure the coalition remains in power. That was his worry.”
 
Rai said Singh told him on 16 November that the CAG’s method of computation of the multi-billion dollar losses was wrong.
 
“I told him ‘Sir, these are the econometric methods that you have taught us’. This was sitting on the stage of Vigyan Bhavan.”
Read: Ex-CAG Rai claims 'outright lie', says Nirupam
Asked if at any stage he was offered support by the Gandhi family or the political establishment, Rai said: “I did not get a single reassuring signal either from the political machinery or the government, except one or two statements from Pranab Mukherjee.” He, however, hinted that the opposition supported the CAG.
 
As CAG, Rai issued a series of audit reports that upbraided Singh’s government for wasteful management or mismanagement of public resources and funds even as they brought corruption to light.
 
In the hands of the media and civil society, the audits became the most potent weapon for an overhaul in the way business is done in India, including spotlighting a shoddy method of governance that enriched the elite at the expense of the state.
Asked if he believed he rocked the UPA government, Rai said: “Yes, but that is okay. I am asking you a direct question – if the figure of Rs. 176,000 crore had not been there how many of you would have taken note of the report?
 
So was the intention to put out a sexy figure?
 
“No, I wanted to put out an alarm signal that this was just a tip of the iceberg,” Rai said.

J-K floods: Govt missing  victims on their ownComments
Rescue teams struggled on Thursday to reach thousands of people still marooned in Kashmir a week after the state’s worst flooding in 60 years as anger mounted over what many described as the collapse of the civil administration in Srinagar.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) deployed rescue boats in Rajbagh, one of the worst-affected areas in downtown Srinagar, while residents used makeshift rafts to evacuate people from other submerged areas in the state where about 400,000 people remain stranded after the devastating floods.
The ferocity of the deluge that has left more than 200 people dead appeared to have taken the state administration by surprise.
No local authorities, civil or police, were on the ground in Srinagar as people jostled for boats and those rescued from flooded homes in a dehydrated condition desperately looked for transport, medicines, food and shelter.
"Our ministers were busy evacuating their own people and VIPs in the first few days of the floods and disappeared thereafter. Have you seen Jammu and Kashmir politicians and policemen anywhere?” said Mohammad Hassan Wani, a local resident helping with relief after rescue operations.
“All top officials of the administration trapped in floods were airlifted, so were international tourists from Dal Lake. They had their own priority list."
Read: J-K is the only flood-prone state without a flood warning system
People complained the Omar Abdullah government had failed to warn them about the floods and was not equipped to deal with the natural disaster.
"We used to remove the tin roofs of our house to wave at helicopters to rescue us but they were only airlifting from locations briefed by the state administration," said Mansoor Ahmed, who was rescued on Thursday from the third floor of his Rajbagh house with his wife and 80-year-old mother.
Srinagar residents also complained the government was not doing anything to pump out standing water as fears of disease loomed large.
"We at Rajbagh were at the epicentre of the floods. A government jeep could have covered the area in half an hour if it gave door-to-door warning. The water will not go out of its own. And it is not rocket science for the state engineering department to figure out how to pump it out," said Yusuf Butt.
Read: Amid tragedy, fear of looting grips locals
The death of a seven-year-old after drinking contaminated water raised alarm bells in the area. "We have been given chlorine tablets, saying one is enough for 150 litres of water. Where is 150 litres of water to drink? We are buying drinking water bottles. There is no water tanker here," said Javed, a driver.
Officials said water supplies had been partially restored in the Valley and efforts were on to re-establish communication links that were snapped after the floods.
The government has moved thousands of people to makeshift shelters where they are also being provided with food and other basic amenities. The army has deployed about 30,000 troops for rescue and relief operations and soldiers distributed 224,000 litres of water and food to survivors.
In a gesture of solidarity, staff at the prime minister's office gave up one day's salary for flood relief.
Many people praised the army on social media for its efforts but others vented their anger at delays in getting help to survivors.
Basharat Peer, a journalist and author of a book on the Kashmir conflict, who is working as a volunteer in Srinagar, said the response to the disaster had been woeful.
"It is clear case of mismanagement. Why are the basic supplies still not made available?" Peer asked.
"There are thousands of people searching for their families They have no idea whether they are alive or dead. We have no clean drinking water, no medicines and food to feed the children."
(With agency inputs)

U.S. workplace deaths fall to 4 405 last in 20130
Following close behind violence is contact with objects and equipment, such as being struck by a falling object or getting caught in or compressed by equipment. Last year, 717 workers died this way, a slight drop from 723 the year before.
Also high on the list were falls, slips and trips as a cause of death to U.S. workers.  In 2013, one of the three caused the death of 699 workers, down only slightly from 704 in 2012.
There were 172 workers were killed in Illinois, up from 143 in 2012. Most were killed in transportation incidents followed by contact with equipment. 
Most of the deaths in 2013 occurred in Texas where 493 workers were killed.  It was followed by California, where 385 workers were killed – 10 more than the year before.
Fatal injuries among Hispanic or Latino workers rose 7 percent in  2013.  Deaths of Latino workers yielding the higher total since 2008, with 797 workers killed on the job.
Deaths among  every other racial or ethnic group declined in 2013, including non-Hispanic whites, African-Americans, and non-Hispanic Asian workers. 

Audi TT and TTS: Double fantasyWith the new A3, Audi thinks big
These cars were stunning design successes, even if the underlying Volkswagen Golf-derived hardware was less than virtuosic.
In 2006, a new generation of TT flipped the equation, delivering dramatically improved performance in a package that skewed, uninspiringly, towards the mainstream of contemporary coupe design.
For the 2015 model year in global markets and 2016 for the US, a third-generation TT arrives aiming to recapture the spark of the original edition. While the new car is the same length as the second-gen car it replaces, its wheelbase has been extended so that front and rear overhangs return to the ultra-short stretches that characterised the ur-TT.
Other model cues remain, such as the racing gas filler-inspired fuel door and the semi-circular wheel arches. Inside, a battleship turret trio of gun-barrel vents aims out of the centre of the dash. Available quilt-patterned tan leather upholstery evokes the first-generation’s baseball glove-inspired leather, albeit without the thick, catcher’s mitt-worthy trim stitching.
Today, the TT serves as something of a blank canvas for Audi, as the brand has shown three wildly divergent concept cars – a racing car, a shooting brake, an off-roader – based on the TT at motor shows in recent years, and Hackenberg promises yet another will appear at the 2014 Paris motor show, in October.
For its part, the production TT is also available in sportier TTS trim, and a racy TTRS is in the works. “This is a car you will be able to steer with the accelerator,” in the fashion of rear-drive sports cars, Hackenberg pledged when speaking of the RS.
It is a statement you can believe, given Hackenberg’s own racing CV and the astonishing dynamics of the third-gen car, as experienced on the mountain roads of Spain’s Costa del Sol and Ascari circuit racetrack.
The author drives the TTS at Ascari:
The new TT, like earlier models, is built on the workaday foundation of the Volkswagen Golf. But modern techniques permit amazing latitude even within a shared platform. So while the Golf is an all-steel, front-engine, front-drive economy car, the TT is an aluminium-steel, front-engine, all-wheel-drive (though front-drive is available ex-North America) sports coupe.
Sophisticated computer-controlled hydraulic clutches route power to the wheels where it is needed, while the computer can also squeeze individual brakes to help the TT turn in, and electromagnetically adjustable dampers precisely control suspension movement. With the onboard supercomputer calculating trajectories in real time, the TT’s moves are faultless, whether the car is strafing passes in Montes de Málaga or shredding Ascari’s apexes. The car’s steering is as perfectly weighted and accurate as a sniper rifle, letting the driver pick the target and then get the TT to its destination through some combination of steering input and computer wizardry.
Audi is mounting a credible challenge to Honda’s supremacy in teasing gorgeous tones from four-cylinder engines, with the standard 2-litre turbo providing a stirring – if appropriately muted for a premium luxury coupe – soundtrack. The thrum, mind, is pleasantly shattered by the rifle crack of the exhaust on full-throttle upshifts.
This engine comes in two different output levels, 230 horsepower for the regular TT and 310hp for the TTS. North American market specs have not been finalised, but official ratings will be the same as those for the A3 sedan , allowing for possible variations due to intake and exhaust differences between the cars, explained product spokesman Mark Dahncke.
Global-market cars also will have a six-speed manual transmission and a 184hp 2-litre diesel four-cylinder engine available.
But engines aren’t what made the TT famous; sheetmetal is. The first TT’s Bauhaus-inspired bulges and sweeps can be rightfully credited with lifting the esteem and sales that Audi has commanded ever since. The outgoing generation, though – as much better a car as it was – has never been a design statement.
Audi insists it reclaims that heritage with this new TT, but frankly, it doesn’t. Without a second-generation car alongside for comparison, shoppers will be hard-pressed to identify changes. In a product line with two contemporary coupes, the A5 and the TT, the third-gen car raises the unwelcome question of whether there is enough room for both.
The TT makes an emphatic statement, however, once you open the door. Audi pushes new frontiers in the integration of electronic gadgetry and information for car cockpits. The solutions presented in the new TT elegantly – and simply – point the way to the future.
Whereas some cars now suffer the blight of not one, but two display screens in the middle of their dashboards (looking at you, Infiniti Q50 ), the TT does away with a central screen entirely.
All navigational, informational and instrumental information is routed through the Audi Virtual Cockpit to this display. It is a screen that replaces the traditional instrument cluster ahead of the driver, clearing the dashboard of glowing LCD clutter.
And Audi’s industrial designers did not sully their good work with a profusion of buttons. Instead, climate control functions are now integrated into the control knobs set into the ventilation ducts. Seat heater and cooler controls are similarly integrated into the outboard vents.
It is a masterful cleansing of the dashboard, one that will surely work its way through the rest of Audi’s line and be copied by imitators as quickly as possible. “We will also use it in other vehicles with a more family-car character,” Hackenberg allowed.
There is an irresistible irony here. Having been accused of merely scaling a few exterior designs up or down to suit different segments, it seems only natural that Audi would turn so deeply inward. This may be the third-gen TT’s most indelible statement, one that  could reach farther than even that iconic first TT ever did.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .
Vital Stats
2015/6 Audi TT and TTS (European spec)
Base price: 35,000 euros in Germany (TT)
Price as tested: N/A
EPA fuel economy: N/A
Powertrain: Turbocharged 230hp, 2-litre four-cylinder engine, six-speed dual-clutch automatic transmission, permanent all-wheel drive with electronic differential lock
Standard equipment: Audi virtual cockpit, automatic climate control, heated leather seats, Xenon HID headlights, 17in aluminium wheels
Major options: Audi Drive Select, Bang & Olufsen sound system, 19in aluminium wheels, Audi Connect, Audi phone-box wireless charging
Follow us on

Robot unveiled able to handle new objectsSeptember 11, 2014 7:32 pm
Robot capable of handling unfamiliar objects unveiled
By Clive Cookson in Birmingham
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e83c085e-39b9-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ex-CAG: Cong MPs asked me to keep Manmohan out of 2G auditreportsRai also blamed Singh for inaction in putting in place an auction system for coal block allocation. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:44 am
Former Comptroller and Auditor General Vinod Rai, during whose tenure the CAG unearthed major corruption scams in the UPA government, Thursday claimed that some Congress MPs had told him to “keep the Prime Minister (Manmohan Singh) out of this (audit reports)” on the 2G spectrum licence allocation.
Speaking to Times Now ahead of the release of his bo-ok, Rai accused the former PM of failing to prevent the controversial 2G spectrum licence allocation despite some of the ministers expressing concern about the process and despite having been informed by the then Telecom Minister A Raja about what he planned to do.
He also blamed Singh for inaction in putting in place an auction system for coal block allocation and making Suresh Kalmadi head of the Commonwealth Games organising committee without any government oversight.
Rai said after the CAG had already produced the 2G report, some Congress members of the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) told him to “keep the Prime Minister out of this”.
“…..During the course of meetings in the PAC or the sidelines of the JPC etc large number of people told me that look we need to keep this out and we need to keep that out. And I (have) mentioned in the book that after the PAC meeting on the 2G, Congress MPs did tell me that keep the PM out of this,” he said.
Asked to name the MPs, he said: “I can’t recall the names just now, but the Congress MPs who were present in those meetings were Sanjay Nirupam, Ashwini Kumar, Sandeep Dikshit…”
“But that was the time when the report was already out. And I mentioned to them that there are letters written by Mr (A) Raja to the PM and the PM has replied to them on the same day,” he said, adding that when the PM had been kept informed, there was no way the CAG reports could have kept him out. “These MPs certainly said (to keep the PM out). But it was too late, the report was already out, the PM’s name was very much there in the report,” he said.
When contacted, Nirupam vehemently denied the charge. “It is a complete lie. I challenge his memory. I have never ever spoken to him with regard to any individual in any context. I have countered him and have grilled him in the PAC meeting,” he said. Nirupam said he would send a legal notice to Rai and file a defamation case if he does not tender an apology. Dikshit said he became a member of the PAC on April 30, 2011 whereas the report of the PAC on 2G spectrum allocation was rejected by the members two days earlier on April 28, forcing its then chairman Murli Manohar continued…

The six minds that will look afresh at environmentlawsT S R Subramanian: Former cabinet secretary heads the panel, recently led group of former civil servants in Supreme Court seeking administrative reforms.
Written by Jay Mazoomdaar | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:36 am
The government has handpicked three civil servants, a judge and a lawyer for a six-member committee that will review and draft amendments to the five key laws that protect India’s environment, forest, wildlife, air and water. The “high level committee” has just two months to do this while the MoEF has given “stakeholders” a month and 1,000 characters each to send in their inputs.
The chairman of the panel is T S R Subramanian, former cabinet secretary who recently led a group of former civil servants at the Supreme Court seeking administrative reforms. A student of mathematics and economics, he will lend his administrative experience and expertise to the panel.
Of the two other IAS officers in the panel, one is Vishwanath N Anand, former MoEF secretary (1997-2000). His post-retirement tenure at the National Environment Appellate Authority (NEAA) as vice chairman during 2002-2005 was described by the Delhi High Court as “a one-man show” in the absence of a chairman and three technical members of the authority.
Very few appeals were admitted by Anand during his three-and-a-half-year stint at NEAA. In the Lohardang Pala case, he drew sharp criticism from the Delhi High Court for “adopting a very hyper-technical approach in rejecting the petitions” and overlooking “that these petitioners deserve to be heard on merits”. The court quashed Anand’s order and reinstated the appeal.
Anand studied economics, history and psychology and attended a two-week management course at IIM-Ahmedabad in 1970. He also did a four-month course on technology transfer at Sussex in 1976.
The other IAS member is an ex-officio secretary in the panel. Bishwajit Sinha, a joint secretary at the MoEF, is from the Kerala cadre and was the personal secretary of Dayanidhi Maran in the union textile ministry before serving as additional resident commissioner at Delhi’s Kerala House. Sinha is a student of geography and has successfully completed two one-week courses on social policy and governance and urban development since 2011.
A second ex-officio secretary in the panel is from Gujarat. Hardik Shah, member-secretary of GPCB, is a Giorgio Ruffolo research fellow in the sustainability science program at Harvard. He is credited with bringing down the annual number of PILs over pollution from over 50 to a dozen since 2010 and reducing the time taken by GPCB to issue no-objection certificates to industries from 140 to 80 days. A case filed by slain RTI activist Amit Jethwa challenging his appointment as GPCB member-secretary was disposed of after Jethwa’s death by the Gujarat High Court.
The other two members of the panel bring the legal perspective. Justice A K Srivastava retired from Delhi High Court in 1999. An MA from Lucknow University, he is secretary general of the Association of continued…

Every BJP candidate lovesYogiYogi Adityanath in Noida last week; served an EC notice after speech in which he accused Samajwadi Party government of bias towards Muslims. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Lalmani Verma | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:24 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 10:41 am
Yogi Adityanath was a 22-year-old science graduate when he took deekhsha from his guru, BJP MP Mahant Avaidyanath, in February 1994 and was declared his successor in Gorakhnath Mandir. Few in Gorakhpur would have thought that the young man would one day reach a stature that would extend across the Poorvanchal region, where he is known as “Mahantji”. Today he has gone beyond that, too, and is in demand across Uttar Pradesh as the star campaigner for Saturday’s bypolls.
The campaign saw him promising to stop “love jihad” and defying denial of permission to hold a rally; he has been slapped an Election Commission notice and has had an FIR ordered against him.
The image of an aggressive pro-Hindutva leader came about shortly after the Gorakhpur mandir ceremony. In 1995, at Muslim-majority Bayalisgawan village some 25 km from Gorakhpur city, some Muslims allegedly robbed a Hindu man in broad daylight. Yogi reached the market with his supporters and it is said that police took action against the accused only after his intervention.
He has won five Lok Sabha elections from Gorakhpur, sometimes without the support of the BJP — he has set up a parallel power centre, Hindu Yuva Vahini. In the 2012 assembly elections, he fielded his own candidates against the BJP’s. The patch-up happened following a poor performance by the BJP in those polls.
By the time the 2014 general elections came, the party had acknowledged Yogi as the man to go to in eastern UP. He was the only BJP candidate from UP besides Narendra Modi and Rajnath Singh to campaign for anyone other than himself. The BJP provided him a helicopter to travel to several Muslim-dominated districts.  “Yogi’s pro-Hindtuva speeches led to polarisation and added votes for the BJP in various seats,” said a BJP leader.
This led to demands for the campaigner in the current elections, and the extension of his domain. The party has appointed him in a panel of three leaders and given him charge of leading the campaign in the state. Almost every BJP candidate told The Indian Express they wanted Yogi to campaign because his address would unite the Hindu vote.
Of the 11 assembly seats voting, Thakurdwara and Saharanpur were already communally charged because of recent clashes. Yogi started his campaign from Noida and Bijnor. Raising an issue many BJP leaders have been silent on, he said in Hamirpur that conversion of Hindu girls by duping them could be stopped only by a BJP government. He recalled an incident from 2013 when the UP police stopped him from going to Jhansi for a jalabhishek programme at a Shiv temple in a Muslim-dominated area. “That temple continued…

"If you threaten America  you will find no safe haven"Updated: September 13, 2014 07:53 IST
"If you threaten America, you will find no safe haven"
Narayan Lakshman
AP President Barack Obama addresses the nation from the Cross Hall in the White House in Washington, Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2014.
AP Barack Obama
armed conflict
The US President emphasised that Washington will take the lead in a "broad coalition to roll back this terrorist threat."
On the eve of the thirteenth anniversary of the 9/11 terror attacks U.S. President Obama announced a raft of measures upping the ante against Islamic State, the militant outfit that now controls large swathes of Iraq and Syria, including airstrikes in Syria and 475 additional personnel to arrive soon in Iraq to serve as “military advisers.”
Mr. Obama warned IS, which in recent weeks posted videos online showing the gruesome decapitation of two American journalists, “This is a core principle of my presidency: if you threaten America, you will find no safe haven.”
He argued that IS was neither Islamic, for “no religion condones the killing of innocents, and the vast majority of ISIL’s victims have been Muslim,” and nor was it a state, given that it was formerly an al Qaeda affiliate in Iraq, and is “recognised by no government, nor the people it subjugates, [but] is a terrorist organisation, pure and simple…”
While the latest addition of U.S. military personnel brings their total number to 1,600 in the country, the President left open-ended the question of a timeline or a specific end-date for military operations in the region, the identity of Syrian opposition groups with whom the U.S. will seek to cooperate, or any plans for building cross-sectarian political institutions that could fill the space left by a “degraded” IS.
In his closely-watched speech Mr. Obama declared his unwillingness to work with the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad, yet he promised that a systematic, comprehensive and sustained campaign to “degrade and ultimately destroy” IS would go hand-in-hand with increased military assistance to Iraqi and Kurdish forces, as well as to the Syrian opposition.
With officials indicating that Saudi Arabia was on board with the coalition to participate in a mission to “train and equip” forces against IS, the White House released a list of 38 nations and associations of nations that have undertaken international efforts to counter IS or otherwise support the people of Iraq and Syria, which did not include India.
The President reassured the American public that unlike the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, he “will not involve American combat troops fighting on foreign soil,” the President said that the anti-IS strategy that he outlined, of a “steady, relentless effort to take out ISIL wherever they exist using our air power and our support for partner forces on the ground,” would mirror the approach that the U.S. has “successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years.”
Some U.S. opposition leaders such as House Speaker John Boehner called for a clearer, even more aggressive strategy, saying after Mr. Obama’s speech, “I remain concerned that [the plan to train and equip the Iraqi Security Forces and Syrian opposition] could take years to fully implement at a time when ISIL’s momentum and territorial gains need to be immediately halted and reversed.”
Mr. Boehner added that it was also “a cause for concern” that the Obama administration appeared to view the effort against IS as an “isolated counterterrorism campaign, rather than… an all-out effort to destroy an enemy that has declared a holy war against America and the principles for which we stand.”

Grain Lower  Beef and Pork LowerIf it's not stuck in your head now, it will be in a few seconds. Transylvania University's Delta Sigma Phi created a...
YouTube

Russian Accused of Hacking Wants out of IsolationIf it's not stuck in your head now, it will be in a few seconds. Transylvania University's Delta Sigma Phi created a...
YouTube

S&P 500  Nasdaq end up slightly; Dow dipsYahoo, brewers among most active premarket; futures flat
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
Alibaba Group Anheuser-Busch InBev NASDAQ
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Yahoo  was the most traded stock on the Nasdaq in premarket action on Monday as traders looked for ways to step in front of Alibaba Group's  debut, expected on the NYSE later this week.
Alibaba's could be the largest initial public offer in history and has seen "overwhelming" interest, meaning Yahoo's 23 percent stake could be worth more next week than it is now. Yahoo stock was up 1.2 percent with more than 600,000 shares already traded.

Illinois hospitals fined $16.3 million for unnecessary...0
The program already has recouped $5.6 million in penalties through Medicaid payment reductions, according to state data.
Julie Hamos, director of the Illinois Department of Healthcare and Family Services, said hospitals had more than a year to improve their readmissions rates and avoid penalties.
"We hope that this initiative will encourage providers to reduce their potentially preventable readmissions so that Medicaid clients get and stay healthier and the state sees lower costs," she said in a statement.
The agency determined that 147 hospitals in the state had "unacceptable" numbers of preventable hospital readmissions during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2013.
Sixty-five were able to do so by enacting measures to lower readmission rates, avoiding $18.5 million in penalties. The remaining 82 must pay the penalty, which is equal to the cost of the additional care administered because of the preventable readmission, the state said.
"Hospitals have been working constantly on quality improvement and patient safety measures to reduce avoidable readmissions," said Danny Chun, a spokesman for the Illinois Hospital Association."We're working to make sure that every patient gets the right care at the right time in the right setting."
Many of the hospitals hit with penalties serve high percentages of low-income Illinoisans or are academic medical centers that treat large numbers of medically complex patients.
Hospitals that owe more than $500,000 in penalties include: Presence Saints Mary and Elizabeth Medical Center ($2.78 million), The University of Illinois Hospital & Health System ($2.47 million), Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago ($1.43 million), Mount Sinai Hospital ($980,000), Rush University Medical Center ($855,000), Norwegian American Hospital ($662,000), St. Anthony Hospital of Chicago ($637,000), University of Chicago Medicine ($578,000), and Holy Cross Hospital ($536,000.)
Julie Pesch, a spokeswoman for Lurie Children's, said the hospital disagrees with the state's methodology for calculating readmissions.
"We do not believe that the methodology adequately addresses the readmission of children with complex medical conditions, of which Lurie Children's is the highest volume provider in the state," Pesch said.
Rush said the number of Medicaid readmissions at its West Side hospital directly reflects the large number of Medicaid patients it treats, many of whom with health issues that represent the highest degree of medical complexity.
Sinai Health Systems, which operates Mount Sinai and Holy Cross, and Norwegian American, said they needed more time to review the report before commenting. Other hospitals could not be immediately reached.
The full list is available here .
pfrost@tribune.com

Can Radioshack save itself by redesigning its storesBy Sarah Halzack September 11 Follow @sarahhalzack
RadioShack employee Raymond Stevens demonstrates the “speaker wall” to customer Clarissa Arevalo at the RadioShack in Washington’s Gallery Place neighborhood. (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post)
In recent years, RadioShack has made a long list of changes to try to save its ailing electronics business:  In 2009, it tried unsuccessfully to rebrand as “The Shack,”  in hopes that ditching the name of a dated technology would increase its cool factor. About four years ago, the company pivoted its focus to smartphones, only to face headwinds as the market for those gadgets became more saturated.
Now, in its latest turnaround effort, RadioShack is hoping that giving customers a hands-on experience will persuade them to linger in stores longer and open their wallets.
But it may be running out of time.
Sales at stores open at least a year were down 20 percent in the most recent quarter, the company reported Thursday . The company also said that it is seeking fresh capital and exploring options such as debt restructuring, store consolidations and cost-cutting measures. 
Surging technology usage has made for choppy waters for the company. Evidence of  its struggle has been plentiful: RadioShack’s stock has plunged about 96 percent over the past decade, most recently trading at 94 cents a share after falling as low as 55 cents in August.  The company, headquartered in Fort Worth, announced in March that it planned to close 1,100 stores , only to have to scale back that plan as its lenders would not approve the closure of more than 200 stores per year over the next three years.
RadioShack is remaking some of its outposts into “highly experiential concept stores” that allow customers to have a more hands-on experience with its merchandise.
The company is pitching the remodeled stores as “interactive,” a word that seems ubiquitous these days as many brick-and-mortar retailers try to create a unique experience in their shops to help ward off online competitors. At the outpost on Seventh Street NW in the District’s bustling Gallery Place neighborhood, the company has added a sleek headphone demonstration station where customers can try out gear from brands such as Beats by Dr. Dre and Skullcandy.  A “speaker wall” allows customers to sample many of the speakers sold in the store by controlling them from an iPad.  Gadgets such as the iPhone and iPad are displayed so customers can play with them, a set-up that marks a change from before, when the shop only showed printed renderings of what the devices looked like when taken out of the box.
“It’s really just all about improving the customer experience and delivering on their expectations for us as a brand,” said Jennifer Warren, RadioShack’s chief marketing officer.
Although these additions might mark a step forward for RadioShack, the ability to test gadgets has long been available at competitors such as Apple and Best Buy. Also, RadioShack plans to remodel only 100 stores by the end of the year — a small fraction of its 4,000 locations.
“They’re right now effectively catching up to what others have done,” said Will Frohnhoefer, an equity research analyst at BTIG.
RadioShack says its new concept stores have had higher-than-expected revenue growth for mobile phones and higher sales of items including headphones and portable speakers.
“Are [the new stores] interesting? Are they better? Certainly. But they have a small number of them,” said Anthony Chukumba, senior equity research analyst at BB&T Capital Markets. “They don’t have nearly enough of them in terms of their overall result.”
Chief executive Joseph C. Magnacca said during the company’s most recent earnings conference call that the Fix It Here stations also are showing early promise.
In a corner near the front window of the Gallery Place store, a technician sporting a white lab coat sits behind a new Fix It Here kiosk.  Here, experts can fix problems such as a cracked cellphone screen, broken phone battery, or a malfunctioning button on a tablet. For $39, they’ll make the repairs in less than an hour. (They’re not equipped to handle more complex problems, such as a damaged motherboard.)
“Stores with this service are outperforming the chain on sales and profit, and we believe Fix It Here drives new traffic to our stores based on customers using this service and the number of calls our stores are receiving,” Magnacca told investors in June.
Fix It Here is offered in 500 stores; the company says it plans to expand that to 700 stores by the end of the year.
RadioShack has long sought to position itself as a destination for do-it-yourself tinkerers, and the redesigned stores show they are doubling down on those efforts. Store Manager Ray Stevens said the company is now offering customers project ideas.In a nod to modern do-it-yourself ethos, the new stores also give prominent display to a 3D printer. In the Gallery Place outpost, the $1,400 printer sits in a glass cube, and store associates program it to churn out items such as cellphone cases and figurines of Pokemon characters so shoppers can see how the cutting-edge technology works.
“It’s something that our customer is very interested in,” Warren said. “They might not be ready to go out and buy one tomorrow, but they’re interested in seeing how it works.”
View of the glass-encased 3D printer that customers can watch in action. (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post)
The revamped stores are one pillar of a broader strategy the company is undertaking to improve its business. This year, it launched RadioShack Labs, a joint venture with hardware developer and manufacturer PCH to allow start-ups to bring innovative products into its stores more quickly. For the holiday season, the company is promising a “more comprehensive gift strategy,” one that includes app-based toys and a line of drones.
On Thursday, RadioShack reported second-quarter revenue of $674 million, down from $861 million in the same quarter last year. Earlier this week, an analyst with Wedbush Securities issued a report saying that he believed a bankruptcy for RadioShack was “imminent.”
Analysts say the new efforts and a cash infusion might not be enough for RadioShack to mount a comeback. “It’s rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic,” Chukumba said. “It’s not enough to move the needle.”
Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated that RadioShack currently has 300 stores with Fix It Here services. It has 500 stores offering this option.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economics news.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410442460/1410442460000/1410442460 tracking: {authors=Sarah Halzack, blog_name=business, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=can-radioshack-save-itself-by-redesigning-its-stores, post_id=1624, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 1:34:20 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 1:34:20 PM

List of 5 million Gmail passwords posted onlineList of 5 million Gmail passwords posted online
Five million Gmail passwords published on Russian security forum
Nearly five million passwords were leaked, but Google denies being hacked.
Nearly five million passwords were leaked, but Google denies being hacked.
Tribune report
Google Inc.
About 5 million Gmail passwords were leaked and posted on a Russian bitcoin forum Wednesday, multiple media outlets are reporting.
But Google says its servers were not breached, claiming the list appears to be a  collection of passwords exposed in previous hacks.
8
Google said in a blog post that it "identified several lists claiming to contain Google and other Internet providers’ credentials." Less than 2 percent of those username and password combinations may have worked, Google said, adding that it's automated anti-hijacking systems likely blocked many of those login attempts.
Google is locking out users that were included in the leak, requiring them to change their passwords before logging in. It also encouraged other users to change their passwords if they suspect their account may have been compromised.
You can check for unfamiliar activity on your gmail account here .
A Google spokesman wasn't immediately available for further comment.

Apple Pay: Deja Vu All Over Againreddit
On September 9, Apple announced Apple Pay, its new NFC payment app for the next iPhone.  For those of us in the industry who have patiently waited for the announcement, it could not have come too soon.  The volume and cache that Apple brings to the ecosystem cannot be underestimated.  Apple's early adopters are among the most vocal in the industry, so retailers may finally have to buckle under the pressure to adopt contactless.
To be sure, Apple had a few big wins in its announcement.  In particular, the most impressive from my perspective were:
- An impressive list of issuer partners which gives them strong transaction coverage
- Debit card support -- popular for users and merchants seeking to keep their interchange rates low
- A simple, easy to use interface including easy integration with Apple's Touch ID sensor
At the same time, one cannot help but be somewhat underwhelmed by the announcement.  In truth, it was less about what they announced, but what was lacking in the announcement.  Granted, it is still early days and Apple has time to evolve this product.  However, some of the key elements that one would have hoped for would have been:
1. Merchant support: Apple's partners are composed largely of existing contactless retailers, most of which are in low volume transaction businesses.  Moreover, there is no sign they have broken the back of MCX which is where many of these high volume retailers lie.  There needs to be a better value proposition to bring these merchants into the NFC fold.
2. Shopping experience innovation: The payment experience itself, as many have pointed out, is not really broken.  The value that mobile payments brings is in improving the shopping experience more broadly.  As such, I would have hoped to have seen:
- Tighter integration with the existing Passbook functionalities (e.g., loyalty, coupons, and gift cards)
- Location based services, particularly those that take advantage of the growing popularity of iBeacons
- User messaging that can support both merchant and issuer promotions at (or prior to) the point of sale
3. Partner incentives:  There needs to be a motivation for early users to adopt mobile payments beyond novelty, particularly when contactless remains subscale.  Small incentives, such as free soy milk at Starbucks, can provide big returns in habituating early users.  Given the value of the Apple early adopter, it should have been relatively easy to obtain offers from merchants looking to be the first place users go to trial the technology.
4. Data intelligence: Apple went to market with a strong message of being data blind, a message that stands in stark contrast to that of Google Wallet.  According to their presentation, "Apple doesn't know what you bought, where you bought it, or how much you paid for it."  At the same time, the promise of mobile payments is the ability to provide users with relevant offers based on their history.  There has to be a better strategy than taking this lowest common denominator approach.
The Apple announcement is a big step forward for NFC.  At the same time, Apply Pay could have done so much more to usher in mobile payments.  However, we are still in the very early days and this is only the first battle in what is likely to be (and already has been) a very long war.  At the very least, Apple has decided to suit up and step onto the battlefield.  The big question is what it chooses to do next.
Follow Ed Busby on Twitter: www.twitter.com/busby_edmond
More:

Taking Stock: Investors Seem as Interested in Reality as Willy Wonkareddit
Is it just me, or does the stock market seem to be tiptoeing through the tulips while all hell's breaking loose around us?
It wasn't too long ago that the mere mention of the word "terror" would send the market plunging 300 points. Today, it's a punchline in every late-night monologue and hashtagged in every Twitter feed.
What's absolutely baffling, at this very moment, is how the world seems on the brink of certain catastrophe -- due, in no small part, to the escalating chaos in the Middle East -- yet, here at home, the Dow continues to rise in its 'glass elevator' as if it was 1985 and the only thing we have to worry about is whether or not Michael J. Fox will agree to do Back to the Future ll.
Does this freak anyone else out that our economy is paying ZERO attention to 99 percent of the news breaking daily? News that threatens to suck us back into the Middle East, and then some, for God knows how long?
Come to think of it, when was the last time you saw an AOL or Yahoo headline lamenting Greece's economy, or the financial crisis in Portugal that threatened to topple the E.U.? They've vanished from sight. Weren't these issues going to topple the World Bank and throw us into another economic collapse? Where are they now?
Gone are the minor league problems like "European financial collapse." In their place are stories ten times worse: videos depicting the beheading of American journalists on a weekly basis, Israel and Hamas in the midst of their deadliest battle to date, Russia and Ukraine playing a deadly game of 'Chicken,' Ebola multiplying out of control in Africa, the Libyan civil war, and hourly updates on how ISIS makes Al Qaeda look like The Mickey Mouse Club. Each of these issues, on their own, would be enough to put America on alert. But, don't tell that to the guys on Wall St. To them, Apple and Samsung are apparently the only things that matter at the moment. Everything else is just a 'bad egg.'
When did the threat of global terror become an after thought? This is some serious shit here.
We're talking about an army of crazy people -- tens of thousands of them -- who want everyone, but them, dead. And they already have a head start. Remember what happened the last time we ignored a bunch of ideological zealots as they marched through city after city?
Forget about withdrawing from Iraq. Forget about setting up stable governments. Forget about singing "Kumbaya" with our Muslim friends.
While we were busy smoking a wasp's nest, in walked Godzilla . If you think this isn't going to effect our economy in the months and years - possibly even decades - to come, you've got another thing coming.
You know all that money we were going to put towards health care? Education? Unemployment? Poverty? Say "Bye, bye American Dream" and "Hello, military action in half a dozen countries!" --if not more. And, of course, higher taxes.
What will the world look like in, say, 2030, once we've "won?" Will we have nuked half of the Middle East like in some zombie apocalypse movie? Seems like the inevitable solution to saving tens of thousands of American lives.
However, there is one benefit, that may come from all this insanity. We may finally be forced to give up our dependency on foreign oil. Of course, it won't be easy. But, nothing worthwhile is. Rest assured, though, at the first sign of trouble at an Iraqi refinery, you can bet the market will notice.
If the extremists overrun the oil fields, the American government and industry will have no choice but to fast-track an alternative fuel solution, pronto. That's the only way true initiative is ever really demonstrated, anyway, these days, isn't it? Necessity being the mother of invention? Paying $22 a gallon at the pump will soon lose it's luster, and the rioters in the streets will most likely send the message to Congress that clean energy would probably be the way to go from there.
It's sad that in order to see a future with clean energy in our lifetime we may have to endure some downright awful stuff, first. Or maybe I'm just as big of a party-pooper as an Oompa Loompa.
Follow David Fagin on Twitter: www.twitter.com/nikchapman
More:

Wroom  Wroom - About Ferrari Cars and Leadershipreddit
Have you ever had 570 horsepower in your back, feeling the kick and the crazy sound from the engine when you step on the throttle? The car is almost one with the road, eager to show you all it can do. But driving a Ferrari is not only about the physical attributes. It's also about taking part of the mystery, prestige, history, and all the passion all workers at Ferrari represents. It's the feeling of Enzo Ferrari himself.
Last Friday we were in Maranello, Italy, at the Ferrari factory, getting a glimpse into history and the future at the same time. While being there we also had the privilege and pleasure of test driving a Ferrari 458 Spider and a Ferrari 430 Spider. All awesome fun, of course... but what does this have to do with leadership?
Leadership is about getting the right things done, at the right time. Enzo Ferrari was invincible when it came to defining high goals and never giving up in achieving them. Already at the age of 10, he decided to become a racecar driver, and his heart never left racing. For him, the only reason for traditional car manufacturing was to finance his racing team. Enzo had a clear vision; he wanted to build unbeatable racecars. His quote "The best Ferrari is a car I have not yet created" shows his passion for continuous improvement.
This man, together with his team, had the ability to create something far bigger than himself. And even though his leadership style would definitely not have fitted todays demand for a healthy working environment, there are still reasons for looking to Ferrari as an example of leadership.
Being a leader is about building a strong culture, a culture that strengthen the values of your product and support what you are trying to accomplish... in a way that by far outlive you as a leader.
Enzo Ferrari had an extreme passion and very high ambitions. Due to his involvement and strong presence, he managed to get his entire organization to see and learn how to live accordingly. As a leader he was also an agitator, with a strong and an autocratic leadership style. Looking back with goggles of today it is easy to blame him for his ignorant people skills. He was indeed a leader of his time, long before worklife satisfaction was a topic among workers and managers. Today worklife satisfaction and happiness is something focused upon many places, even at the Ferrari Factory.
And this is maybe the strongest insight from visiting Maranello. As a leader you have to make sure you learn the skills necessary and adapt to the time you are leading in, while you at the same time manage to build a sustainable culture that can live for a long time. Enzo Ferrari did just that, and it is impressing how you still can feel both respect and the mystery of his legend when driving his cars.
Epiloge
The day after being at Ferrari, we were spectators at Formula 1 in Monza. After many years without success, this could have been a glorious day for Ferrari on their home turf. Unfortunately this was not the case. Not this time. But we put our five cents that this will change. Ferrari is in it for the long run. They have been in Formula 1 since its introduction in 1950 and hopefully the red Ferrari cars will always be a strong competitor in future Formula 1's.
This blog post was originally posted in www.leadershipcouragefun.com/bloglcf
Copywrite all images: Brainwells
Follow Kristine Maudal & Even Fossen (Brainwells) on Twitter: www.twitter.com/brainwells
More:

Why the military unfurls a giant flag down the side of the Pentagon on Sept. 11By Dan Lamothe September 11 Follow @danlamothe
America Airlines Flight 77 crashed into the Pentagon 13 years ago on Thursday, the third plane hijacked by terrorists to strike major American targets that day. It struck at 9:37 a.m. — after two airliners had crashed into the World Trade Center towers in New York, but before the massive structures collapsed, killing thousands.
At the Pentagon, the crash shook the building so hard that many inside wondered if there had been an earthquake. One hundred eight-four people were killed , ranging from Army Lt. Gen. Timothy J. Maude to rank-and-file service members and civilians working in the building.
As this Defense Department account recalls, the military unfurled a massive flag down the side of the building, just to the right of where the wreckage of the crash smoldered. Army Maj. Gen. Jim Jackson, commanding general at the time of the Military District of Washington, called for one at nearby Fort Myer, Va., and the U.S. Army Band sent a garrison flag — the largest authorized in the military, at about 20 feet by 38 feet.
The flag flew for one month, but the Pentagon has continued the tradition. As the video above shows, a U.S. flag was unfurled at daybreak from the side of the building Thursday morning. It appeared prominently at the memorial service. The original flag is now kept at the U.S. Army Center for Military History at Fort McNair in Washington.
From left, President Barack Obama, Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Joint Chefs Chairman Gen. Martin Dempsey participate in a ceremony at the Pentagon, Thursday, Sept. 11, 2014, to mark the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais)
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world/national-security, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410455869/1410455869000/1410455869 tracking: {authors=Dan Lamothe, blog_name=checkpoint, content_category=World/national-security, in_url_headline=why-the-military-unfurls-a-giant-flag-down-the-side-of-the-pentagon-on-sept-11, post_id=4054, section={section=world/national-security, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 5:17:49 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 5:17:49 PM

News outlets sue to reveal source of Pennsylvanias lethal injection drugsBy Mark Berman September 11 Follow @markberman
For the third time this year, news organizations have filed a lawsuit challenging the secrecy that surrounds lethal injections in the United States.
This latest lawsuit was filed by the American Civil Liberties Union in Pennsylvania on behalf of four media organizations — the Guardian’s U.S. operation, the Philadelphia Inquirer, the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette and the Philadelphia City Paper — that are demanding additional information regarding an execution scheduled in the state later this month.
“There is growing public concern about the manner in which lethal injection executions are carried out,” states the lawsuit, an emergency motion filed in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania.
These media outlets are seeking more information about the source of the drugs that would be used in the execution of Hubert L. Michael Jr., who is scheduled to be put to death on Sept. 22.
The lawsuit said that public trust in capital punishment “turns, to no small degree, on the reliability and efficacy of the drugs used.” Revealing the source of the drugs could identify problematic issues or confirm that the drugs are reliable, the lawsuit states. “Either fact would be of intense interest to the public in this time of heightened awareness and scrutiny of the lethal injection process,” it said.
Meanwhile, the state has said the pharmacy supplying the drugs could refuse to do so if it was named, and at the state’s request, a district court judge sealed the company’s name . This lawsuit is seeking to unseal the documents with the identity of the lethal injection drugs.
Susan McNaughton, a spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Department of Corrections, said Thursday the department does not comment on issues relating to lawsuits.
States that carry out executions have scrambled recently to obtain the lethal injection drugs  due to an ongoing shortage. (Some have even considered reviving firing squads or other older methods, which were left behind as lethal injection became the primary method of execution.) This has resulted in additional scrutiny of how these executions are carried out, something that has only been heightened after three executions in three different states went awry this year.
As a result of the shortages and the high-profile issues with executions, the topic of how states obtain these execution drugs “has become of far greater interest to the public” recently, the lawsuit noted.
Two other lawsuits this year have also criticized the highly-secretive way executions are carried out. Last month, the Guardian’s U.S. operation and the ACLU filed a lawsuit demanding that journalists and witnesses be allowed to see everything that happens from the moment an inmate enters the execution chamber. They cited the state’s botched execution of Clayton Lockett earlier this year, during which key moments (including fumbled attempts at inserting the IV ) were not visible to outside witnesses . And in May, media outlets sued the Missouri Department of Corrections to force it to release more details about where the state was obtaining the drugs it was using in lethal injections.
Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett signed the execution warrant for Michael, who was convicted of kidnapping and murder, in July. This was the 35th such warrant that Corbett has signed since he took office in 2011 and the second he has signed for Michael. Two of Corbett’s predecessors — Tom Ridge and Ed Rendell — also signed execution warrants for Michael. All three of the previous warrants were ultimately dissolved after stays were issued as Michael filed various appeals, which were ultimately denied in court, according to Corbett’s office.
Executions in Pennsylvania are carried out using lethal injection at the State Correctional Institution Rockview (not far from Pennsylvania State University in State College). The state, which currently has 184 people on death row, has executed three people since the U.S. Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976, switching to lethal injection from the electric chair in 1995. But it has not executed anyone since 1999.
The state did have an execution scheduled for June, but it was stayed. Lewis Jordan, who was sentenced to death for shooting and killing a Philadelphia police officer, was one of four people originally set to be executed nationwide during a single 24-hour period. His execution was stayed before that date, owing to multiple appeals still available to his attorneys. The other three executions scheduled for that 24-hour period were carried out in Georgia, Missouri and Florida, the most executions in such a concentrated period since three inmates were put to death over three days in November 2012.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He anchors Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410462608/1410462608000/1410462608 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=news-outlets-sue-to-reveal-source-of-pennsylvanias-lethal-injection-drugs, post_id=11476, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 7:10:08 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 7:10:08 PM

Goyal: Govt working on tax sops for renewableenergyPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:47 am
Union minister for power and coal Piyush Goyal on Thursday said the government is working on a policy for the renewable energy sector to attract investments worth $100 billion within the next five years.
The power ministry is working on ways to provide tax breaks and cheaper loans in the impending policy to motivate prospective investors, Goyal said while delivering the keynote address at the Economist India Summit.
Describing the demand for an anti-dumping duty on solar panels as needless, Goyal said that it would kill the solar mission as it would have led to escalation in tariff from the solar plants. He said domestic solar panel manufacturers have suo motu withdrawn their plea for such a duty.
With Coal India’s trade unions deciding to oppose the move to sell 10 per cent government stake in the company, Goyal said the Union cabinet’s decision to do so “was not a half measure and the government has no desire to fully divest its assets in the company”.
However, the unions on Thursday re-affirmed their decision on resorting to a ‘work-to-rule’ for three days beginning September 18.
Goyal said his ministry has proposed to organise a conference of his counterparts from the South Asian association for regional cooperation (Saarc) nations. “On the lines of Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaching out to India’s neighbours during his swearing-in, we look at relationship with an open mind based on the strength of India’s security interests and better economic relations,” he said.
Highlighting the cordial relations with the states in sorting out issues impeding generation and transmission of electricity, Goyal reasoned that during his recent interactions with the governments of 19 states, he found that cutting across party lines they extended full cooperation.

US Fed gears up for rate guidanceoverhaulPrint
Reuters | New York | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:45 am
The US Federal Reserve is facing perhaps its most pivotal meeting of the year next week, as it debates a potential overhaul of its guidance on interest rates and seeks to nail down a plan for exiting its extraordinarily easy monetary policy.
It remains to be seen whether decisions will be taken on either, but it is clear that details on a so-called exit plan are nearly complete, while discomfort is growing internally over a pledge to keep rates near zero for a “considerable time.”
Investors will parse the central bank’s words closely for any clues on the timing of the first US rate hike in more than eight years. Any major tweaks to its policy statement could cause ructions in financial markets as investors recalibrate bets on benchmark rates in the world’s biggest economy.
A strong run of US economic data has led Fed Chair Janet Yellen and other top officials to acknowledge the possibility they may need to raise rates sooner than they thought just a few months ago, although a surprisingly soft reading on jobs growth in August could provide some breathing room.
“The discussion itself is a testament to the underlying shift in monetary policy,” said TD Securities analyst Gennadiy Goldberg. He said ditching the “considerable time” phrase would open the door to a rate hike as soon as March, several months earlier than most investors currently expect. The Fed has kept overnight rates near zero since December 2008 and has more than quadrupled its balance sheet through a series of bond-buying programs designed to push down borrowing costs and boost investment and hiring.
Fed policymakers have said they do not expect to raise rates until 2015, and their meeting next Tuesday and Wednesday looks certain to end with no change in policy beyond a well-telegraphed reduction in the central bank’s asset purchases.
But officials will release fresh economic and interest-rate projections, extending their forecast horizon through 2017. Those, coupled with even minute changes in the Fed’s post-meeting statement, could reshape expectations for how soon and how fast the central bank is likely to raise rates.
‘US rate hike may lead to sell-off in India’
NEW DELHI: A recovering US economy has raised apprehensions that the Federal Reserve may go for an upward revision of interest rates. The rate hike, if and when it comes, may have an impact on the Indian markets and may result into an outflow of funds from both the equity and debt markets.
“If the US signals that it is in a position to hike rates then it may lead to some sell-off initially in the emerging markets though the upheaval may not be similar to that witnessed in 2013 as the US Fed may first sensitise the market. Better placed emerging markets like ours may however recover from it after some time,” said Abheek Barua with ICRIER.
Economists, however, feel that a rate hike may come in the second half of the calendar 2015. ENS

Sebi censures BSE for lapses in R6K-cr NMDC sharesalePrint
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:43 am
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has censured the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) for its “conduct” during state-run National Mineral Development Corporation’s (NMDC) Rs 6,000-crore share sale in December 2012.
The censure follows the failure of the BSE in confirming the bids for 4.55 crore shares received from Citibank NA within the stipulated time of half an hour after post close session. The Sebi order also advised the bourse to conduct a detailed probe into confirmation of bids by Citibank NA.
In an order signed by Sebi whole-time member Prashant Saran, the regulator directed the BSE to engage one or more independent consultants to review the entire sequence of events, the process followed, checks in place and systems employed while accepting the offer-for-sale (OFS) bids by the BSE. “The consultant should bring out the shortcomings, if any, and suggest remedial measures within a period of three months. The BSE should then fix the responsibility internally, both in terms of processes and personnel, and take appropriate action,” the Sebi order said.
Sebi sought an explanation from the BSE for accepting bids for 4 crore shares after the cut-off time for trading. The rules governing such share sales say that stock exchanges have to reconcile all orders and payments in the half an hour after trading time – 3.30 pm to 4 pm – and no orders can be accepted after close of trading hours.
However, Sebi found that the confirmation of bids for NMDC’s 4.55 crore shares received from Citibank with available funds was clearly not concluded within the stipulated time of half an hour after post close session.
The BSE said that at 03:55 pm, prior to the expiry of the half an hour post close session, it had received a facsimile request from the one of its authorised clearing bank — Citibank — on behalf of the custodian, Citibank NA for updation of the collateral of Rs 905 crore in respect of the bids.
Due to the unexpected high volume of bids received immediately prior to the last half an hour before the close of OFS, the collateral deposit request of custodian, Citibank NA could not be uploaded on the exchange system in time, on account of an inadvertent human error. BSE stated that custodian Citibank NA was not in a position to confirm the bids prior to 04:15 pm – the extended time for confirmation of institutional trades jointly agreed upon between the exchanges and also intimated to Sebi.
“Data relating to the bid for 4.55 crore shares could not be communicated to Sebi at 5:57 pm. Citibank had legitimate expectation to participate in the NMDC OFS and the BSE had decided to accept their request. After updating the collateral received in the system, Citibank NA was allowed by the BSE to confirm the bid from the system at 6:22 pm to 6:31 pm,” the BSE said. It said the collateral deposit had been received prior to the respective cut-off time and at no time was the bid uncovered by margins. In view continued…

Difficult to do business in India; telecom is in amessPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:42 am
Multi-national firms operating in India are still waiting for ‘acche din’ with Vodafone India CEO and managing director Marten Pieters on Thursday noting that it is difficult to do business in the country and urging the government to work quickly on addressing challenges.
“Telecom is a mess in India … and it seems to come from this concept which have been developed in the past — the more competition the better,” he said at the Economist India Summit. “…it is difficult to do business in India, that’s the general perception I think of foreign companies and that is not just in telecom,” Pieters said.
“The process for doing business in India can be made much easier, much smoother by just removing a few things,” he stressed. Vodafone is the second largest telecom company in the world.
His sentiment was also shared by Sashi Mukundan, regional president and head of country (India), BP Group, who expressed frustration at the gas price deadlock. “We have had to hold on to $4 billion of investments due to price uncertainty. We are looking forward to the report on September 30,” he said at a discussion on “What business needs: Foreign companies speak.”
Pieters also blamed the government for hoarding spectrum while investing too little in telecom infrastructure. Spectrum, which is our raw material is limited … most companies have a quarter of the spectrum that normal operators have in other countries,” he said. Noting that though the industry structure is the government’s responsibility, he said, “I see very little action to take this responsibility.”
The Vodafone India CEO said his company that has been waiting for a clearance from the Authority for Advance Rulings before bringing in funds from the parent company to buy airwaves but the clearance is still awaited.
“We filed an application in December last year but have received no answer till now,” he said, stressing that the government needs to do its job. “I have no answer, I got to know last week that the officer dealing with the file has retired,” he said.
Pieters also raised the issue of the new Companies’ Act. “We have very good independent directors. But under the new law, we can’t pay them (beyond a certain level) as we are a loss making company. So what do we do?”
He, however, admitted that it is too early to judge the new government within its first 100 days. “Let’s judge them after 12-18 months,” he said.
Addressing the session, Cai Liqun, chief executive officer, Huawei Telecommunications (India) also said that the new government must work hard to motivate the industry.
Banmali Agrawala, president and CEO (South Asia), General Electric also agreed and said that the government must restore its credibility and move away from focussing on just one individual.

Expert panel likely to recommend raising minimum age for smoking to25Print
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:36 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 2:37 am
An expert committee set up by the Health Ministry for recommending amendments to the Tobacco Regulation Act is likely to recommend that the minimum age for smoking be increased to 25 years from the current 18 years.
The committee is also in favour of raising fines for tobacco related offences, including smoking in public, but has decided that the increase should be at a reasonable level. However, the final report on amendments to the Cigarettes and Other Tobacco Products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution) Act (COTPA), 2003, is yet to be prepared.
Former Delhi health secretary Ramesh Chandra, who heads the committee, said the report will be ready early next week.
“We are in favour of raising the minimum age for smoking to 25 years. We also want fines for tobacco-related offences to be raised and among the suggestions that we have received is one that says that the fine for smoking in public should be Rs 20,000. We have not taken a call on what that amount should be but we understand that proposing an amount that is not practical will only cause the government to reject that recommendation. We do not want that. We also want the sale of loose cigarettes to be stopped and the size of the pictorial warning to be raised,” said one of the members of the committee.
Members explained that the inputs of the committee are more of a technical nature, delineating international best practices and the health effects of tobacco. “The final shape of the report is being decided in consultation with the ministry representative,” explained a member. Among the other offences for which the committee wants fines to be raised are for sale of tobacco products to underage people, advertisements at the point of sale and repeat offenders especially when they are traders or companies violating COTPA regulations.

I was better suited for RS seat: Former MPAGPrint
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:34 am
The BJP’s selection of Meghraj Jain as Rajya Sabha nominee from Madhya Pradesh has not impressed former advocate general Ravinandan Singh, who feels the party overlooked merit and chose Jain because he is close to certain leaders — Jain is known to be close to CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan. Singh told The Indian Express that he was better placed “intellectually and legally’’ to contribute and will take up the matter on “appropriate forum.’’
“Is the Rajya Sabha a dumping ground?’’ asked Singh. “He might be close to leaders,’’ Singh said of Jain and suggested that he would have been a better candidate  because of his legal background.
The RS seat fell vacant after Kaptan Singh Solanki was sent to Haryana as Governor. Given the numbers, the election of Jain, who filed his nomination Thursday, is a formality.
When asked to react to Singh’s disappointment over the party’s decision, Jain said: “What can I say about him being unhappy?’’
Jain, who has an RSS background, has also headed the state’s cow protection board. On being asked how we will take up the issue of cow protection in the Parliament, he said: “Gau raksha (cow protection) is too big a subject to be spoken over phone. I will see what can be done when I go there.’’

Lankan infiltrated 3 defence establishments:NIAPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:32 am
A Sri Lankan national who was arrested for spying on the directions of a Pakistani official posted in Colombo, had infiltrated into three important defence establishments in Chennai — the Officers Training Academy (OTA), the National Security Guard (NSG) hub and the Coast Guard office, the NIA said on Thursday.
A senior NIA official said the Sri Lankan was also tasked to get sketches and photographs of Kalpakkam nuclear plant and naval bases in Vizag. Investigators suspect he had “cultivated some government servants as fri-ends when he met them on the pretext of managing events.”
The accused, identified as Arun Selvarajan (28), is wanted in Sri Lanka for allegedly sheltering an LTTE cadre. “The Pakistani High Commission official, whom Selvarajan knew as Lanka Saghe, asked him to go to India for an aviation course,” the official said.
After he came here three years ago, he set up an event management firm called ‘Ice’.
“We are investigating how he got the capital to start this venture,” a senior official said. The arrest comes in a case registered against a Student Federation of India (SFI) activist Thameem Ansari who was caught in 2012 for allegedly spying on the directions of Amir Subair Siddiqui who was posted as Counselor (visa) at Pakistan High Commission in Colombo.
While Siddiqui has been packed off to Pakistan on India’s request, Saghe whose real identity is still not known is still in Pakistan high Commission in Colombo.
Selvarajan came under the radar of intelligence agencies six months ago. “We will seek the help of US through the Mutual Legal Assistance Treaty to get the details of his WhatsApp and Skype accounts through which he was in touch with his Pakistani handler,” the official said.
He said the accused travelled to Sri Lanka on his Indian passport under the name of Sarvana Muttu.
“This is the third case where a Sri Lankan Tamil has been used by the same Pakistani duo for collecting information about the eastern coast,” the official said.

Virgin Galactic Pushes Back First Flight _ AgainIf it's not stuck in your head now, it will be in a few seconds. Transylvania University's Delta Sigma Phi created a...
YouTube

Scientists Listen to an Atom s Quantum Vibrationsscientists listen to an atom s quantum vibrations
Exclusive : Wall Street watchdog to pick insider as arbitration head - source0
Berry and Andrichik have long worked for FINRA and its predecessor organization, the National Association of Securities Dealers.
Berry, who has a law degree from the University of California Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco, joined the regulator in 1995, according to his LinkedIn profile. Andrichik has worked for FINRA since 1980, according to his LinkedIn profile. He has a law degree from Loyola University Chicago School of Law.
FINRA's departing arbitration head, Fienberg, has overseen many changes to the authority's controversial arbitration process, including removing a mandatory industry-affiliated arbitrator on each three-person arbitration panel. Critics of the system said it was biased in favor of Wall Street firms.
Fienberg's retirement comes as a plan to restrict industry veterans from acting as arbitrators in many disputes between investors and their brokerages is pending at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Fienberg also serves as FINRA's chief hearing officer, overseeing the program through which FINRA conducts hearings involving brokers and Wall Street firms facing discipline by the regulator. The position will be filled separately.
(Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Andre Grenon)

Detroit bankruptcy trial delayed until Monday by U.S. judgeDetroit bankruptcy trial delayed until Monday by U.S. judge
The word "Bankruptcy" is painted on the side of a building in Detroit, Michigan
Joshua Lott Reuters,
8
Syncora had argued it had been short-changed compared to other creditors. If approved, the deal will see Syncora drop its objection to the restructuring and the trial - which is studying the feasibility of Detroit's plan to exit bankruptcy - could get a swift approval from U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Steven Rhodes.
Syncora and the city reached an agreement in principle and requested the delay late Tuesday. Rhodes approved the delay on Wednesday.
Under the agreement, Syncora will receive new notes totaling  $23.5 million, according to a term sheet Emergency Manager Kevyn Orr released. Detroit's city council must approve the terms and is set to meet on Monday.
0
"(The settlement) should shorten the trial because if Syncora withdraws its objections, many of the witnesses will fall off the list," said Melissa Jacoby, law professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.
Rhodes began a confirmation hearing on Detroit's plan to adjust $18 billion of debt last week and had scheduled hearing dates through Oct. 17.
Syncora would receive 26 cents on the dollar, compared with the recovery of 10 cents on the dollar the city originally offered, the Detroit Free Press reported, citing two sources familiar with the deal. Still, much of the settlement involves land and leasing deals, which could muddle an exact valuation of the company's recovery.
Syncora will form a subsidiary to handle the property deals in the settlement, which also extends the company's lease of part of the Detroit-Windsor tunnel.
The subsidiary would lease a parking garage for 30 years, investing $13.5 million over five years in upgrades and receiving all garage net income plus a 40 percent return. Meanwhile, it has the option of taking ownership of six empty downtown lots to develop.
The settlement also creates an asset pool that rests on the city issuing $88.4 million financial recovery bonds backed by parking revenue, carrying a 5 percent coupon and callable. Syncora would receive 24.055 percent of the pool, or a $6.25 million credit toward purchasing property and annual cash payments of $2.4 million from parking assets.
However, the deal requires that Syncora settle claims and counterclaims with interest-rate swap providers UBS AG and Merrill Lynch Capital Services, a unit of Bank of America  a source close to the negotiations said.
Syncora would receive $5 million to resolve liability involving the swaps under the deal. U.S. Judge Gerald Rosen, the chief mediator in the case, has set a mediation session with the city, Syncora and the swap providers for Thursday.
The deal leaves bond insurer Financial Guaranty Insurance Co, as the last major hold-out creditor. An attorney for FGIC told Rhodes his client needed until Monday to review documents for the potential Syncora settlement.
FGIC has a $1.1 billion exposure in Detroit's bankruptcy from guaranteeing payments on the city's pension debt.
In a statement, FGIC said it has not agreed to any potential settlement of so-called Class 9 claims involving Detroit's $1.4 billion of pension certificates of participation, but remains open to "good faith settlement discussions."
FGIC has been pushing for the city to sell or monetize works at the Detroit Institute of Arts (DIA) to fatten payments to creditors. Detroit instead plans to spin the museum off into a nonprofit corporation.
(Additional reporting and writing by Karen Pierog in Chicago and Megan Davies in New York)

Cult versus parliamentImran Khan, leading the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), and Tahirul Qadri, leading Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT), have brought it to its knees.
Written by Khaled Ahmed | Posted: September 11, 2014 12:31 am | Updated: September 11, 2014 3:52 pm
So far, those who think attrition would weaken the cults if the standoff is prolonged are being proved wrong.
Pakistan was first softened by a decade of terrorism by al-Qaeda and its affiliates in the name of Islam, then challenged from within by two personality cults responding to a state that could no longer stand up to violence. Imran Khan, leading the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), and Tahirul Qadri, leading Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT), have brought it to its knees.
How has Pakistan met the challenge of terrorism? By assimilating it into its guts and opposing a scared and willing-to-help world with its isolationism. The people had to choose between a timid definition of what terrorism actually was and a more powerful assertion of the accusation of “enemy without”.
State ideology became more radical instead of what was required: a gradual dismantlement of the religious state to differentiate between the state and terrorists. More and more, paranoia became the expression of the state. “Foreign hand” was killing the state, not anyone from within. The state failed the challenge of assigning priority to what endangered it. The old danger was from India. It couldn’t be superseded by a new danger that was inside the state, and therefore outside the charter of action of the army. Since India was no longer globally isolated, Pakistan responded by taking on the world.
The state responded wrongly to the question of who threatened more: India and the world led by America, or the Taliban? It thought this extreme isolation would be relieved by unstinting support from China and some Arab states. But this thinking was doomed, as the state nurtured elements that threatened both China and the Arabs too.
No state interested in surviving can support a nation determined to isolate itself before going down. But leveraged by “pivot”-driven strategies in an increasingly multipolar world, the state in Pakistan still got support without being liked. It misread this support.
Used to private armies in Sindh and Balochistan, which meant its writ was weak there, the state bred jihad-related private armies in south Punjab too, pushing local, feudal politicians to embrace military strategies opposed to democracy simply to avoid getting mauled by these armies. This weakening of the state manifested in its losing the functions devoted to serving the masses. It became less and less able to support its existing network of mass education and public health. As in Egypt, these functions were devolved to radical elements.
Employment as a jihadi in a shrinking economy became attractive for the youth. The prompting from the state to this encroachment came early: through devolution of the function of war-fighting (jihad) to radical elements. The state was unable to digest the consequences of asymmetrical warfare, continued…
More and more politicians are asking the government to bend on points where earlier they recommended firmness.

The worker of poetryMuktibodh is unafraid to make the labour contained in the act of imagination palpable. Source: CR Sasikumar.
Posted: September 11, 2014 12:33 am
BY: Apoorvanand
Muktibodh is unafraid to make the labour contained in the act of imagination palpable.
Why did Muktibodh become uniquely significant in the summer of 1964? Why did almost all the weeklies, monthlies and dailies start introducing him to their readers?” Fifty years ago, Shamsher Bahadur Singh asked this question in the preface to Chand Ka Munh Tedha Hai, the first anthology of the poems of Muktibodh. Muktibodh was then in a coma, having been brought to Delhi from Rajnandgaon, a small town in Chhattisgarh, by his young writer comrades — Harishankar Parsai, Shrikant Verma and Ashok Vajpeyi — in a desperate, last-ditch attempt to save their beloved elder poet. It was not to be. Muktibodh, 46, breathed his last on September 11, 1964. And in Shamsher Singh’s words, the story of the heroic struggle of his brief life and tragic, untimely death turned him into an “event” for the world of Hindi literature.
Gajanan Madhav Muktibodh continues to be an “event” of Hindi literature, the full meaning of which is still being discussed. And yet, as a poet, he was not interested in portraying events. He was more interested in the drama of the human soul, ravaged, wrecked and fatally wounded by industrial modernity. Living the life of a lower middle class family man, constantly changing jobs and places in search of a modestly secure life that would allow him to write the kind of poetry he wanted, Muktibodh witnessed the humanness and individuality of the people being crushed under the ruthless wheels of capitalist modernity.
Muktibodh always saw people as possibilities and it pained him to see them turn away from the challenges thrown at them, allowing themselves to sink in the abyss of ordinariness, a life that lacked courage, a life in which the body became the prison of the soul.
A poet is a collector of the fragments of these unrealised possibilities. In a poem titled “Ek Antarkatha (An inner story)”, the narrator follows his mother collecting firewood, which she explains is not dead. These are valuable sensibilities, she explains, which have become dead as they were left disused for long. People (trees) have thrown them away. A poet has to dig them out from the garbage dumps of this civilisation and set them on fire to bring warmth and dispel the coldness of progress and growth.
Atm (self) and Atma(soul), naturally, occur frequently in his poems, leading some Marxist critics to conclude that he was turning away from social realities. The problem Muktibodh kept grappling with was akin to what young Marx had posed in his 1844 manuscripts: why this distance between the social and the self? And whenever this distance is erased, why does the social always consume the self? Marx was angry with capitalism as continued…
A deep sense of responsibility to participate in life informs Muktibodh’s poems. A sense of urgency and the need to intervene pervades them as he foresees an accident involving humanity.

Home Depot s malware details hint its hackers weren t Target sHome Depot's malware details hint its hackers weren't Target's
Call for action alert: Home Depot hacked, what you need to know
Call for action alert: Home Depot hacked, what you need to know
Call for action alert: Home Depot hacked, what you need to know
By Dune Lawrence and Michael Riley, Bloomberg News, Bloomberg
WASHINGTON — Home Depot Inc. was hacked with a malicious software program that plunders store registers while disguising itself as antivirus software, according to two security researchers.
8
The credit card-stealing program used in the attack on the Atlanta-based retailer is being dubbed FrameworkPOS, and differs significantly from the software used last year to hack Target Corp., said Dan Guido, chief executive officer of Trail of Bits, an information security company. Guido, who reviewed technical information about the Home Depot incident, said the differences in the malware are strong indicators that the hacks are probably the work of two different groups.
A second cyber security researcher familiar with the investigation confirmed that the malware used is a different family and said its name, FrameworkPOS, is derived from the McAfee antivirus agent it impersonates. He asked not to be identified because the investigation is still under way. The malware's disguise was meant to keep Home Depot's security team from taking a deeper look even if the retailer wasn't deploying McAfee products on its registers or elsewhere in its network.
0
Paula Drake, a Home Depot spokeswoman, said the company is continuing to investigate. "So at this point, we aren't going to comment on any speculation," she said in an email. McAfee representatives did not respond immediately to requests for comment.
The malware code is sprinkled with anti-American references, including a link to a Wikipedia entry on wars involving the United States and a website promoting a book on American imperialism. The references have no relation to the way the software functions and appear to be meant as a message from the hackers, the second researcher said.
Home Depot confirmed a breach of credit card information at its stores on Sept. 8, after the security blogger Brian Krebs reported signs of a hack on Sept. 2. The retailer has not released details of how many cards may have been compromised. The hack follows a similar incident at Minneapolis-based Target last December, which exposed some 40 million cards.
POS stands for "point of sale" and in both cases, malware was designed to capture credit card numbers after customers swiped them at registers. Major differences between the two pieces of code from the Home Depot and Target cases include how and where the malware installs itself, how it interacts with the operating system, and how the software hides — or scrambles — credit card numbers as they sit on the company's network before they're exfiltrated, or sent outside the system. Also, the memory-scraping malware used against Target didn't mimic antivirus software.
A screenshot of lines of code from the FrameworkPOS malware provided by the second security researcher shows some of the hidden messages, including a link to a blog post comparing U.S. military intervention in Libya with its support of the government in Ukraine against a rebellion in the Russian speaking east portion of the country.
Stolen Home Depot credit card numbers have turned up for sale on a major online emporium called Rescator.cc, which has been linked to a Ukrainian stolen credit-card dealer based in Odessa. Rescator also sold stolen cards from the Target hack, and some researchers have cited that as evidence that the two retailers were breached by the same group of hackers.
Guido said the differences in the malware are pronounced enough to undermine that theory.
"The development of a new piece of malware is not something you take lightly -- this required some engineering," he said. "It's probably not the same group as hit Target."
Lawmakers have begun probing how Home Depot was breached. Sens. Jay Rockefeller, a West Virginia Democrat and chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee, and Claire McCaskill, a Missouri Democrat, sent the company a letter Wednesday requesting a briefing.
"We ask that Home Depot's information-security officials provide a briefing to committee staff regarding your company's investigation and latest findings on the circumstances that may have permitted unauthorized access to sensitive customer information," the senators wrote in the letter to Francis Blake, Home Depot chairman and chief executive officer.
The senators sent a similar letter to Apple's Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook. Hackers stole photos of nude celebrities from Apple's iCloud service, although the company said its security wasn't breached.
_ Lawrence reported from New York. Chris Strohm contributed from Washington.

IMF warns of fallout from Scottish splitSeptember 11, 2014 6:26 pm
IMF warns of market fallout from a Scottish split
By Robin Harding in Washington
©Getty
The International Monetary Fund has waded into the debate over Scottish independence , saying that a Yes vote in next week’s referendum could lead to market turbulence.
“The main immediate effect is likely to be uncertainty over the transition to potentially new and different monetary, financial and fiscal frameworks in Scotland,” William Murray, an IMF spokesman, told reporters.
“While this uncertainty could lead to negative market reactions in the short term, longer-term effects would depend on the decisions being made during the transition.”
More
Call to unleash $1tn for social investments
His comments highlight the questions over which currency an independent Scotland would use, the regulation of its banks, and its budget position after negotiations to separate from the UK.
Recent opinion polls have indicated that next Thursday’s vote will be very close. Economic officials in Washington appear to have only just woken up to the real possibility of a Yes vote – having assumed it was unlikely. They point to the risk of a financial shock and resulting uncertainty that might hurt investment on both sides of the border.
“A Yes vote would raise a number of important and complicated issues that would have to be negotiated,” said Mr Murray.
He said the IMF had no position on how Scotland should vote. “There is a political process under way and I really don’t want to comment on the political process itself,” he said.
One of many issues a newly independent Scotland would have to resolve is its membership of the IMF. As a new country, Scotland would first have to apply to join, in order to gain the currency backstop the IMF provides.
At present, the UK has its own executive director at the IMF, and is one of the top five voting powers . It has 4.29 per cent of the total IMF vote – the same as France.
With a population of 5.3m, an independent Scotland would be too small to have its own executive director. It might seek to form a constituency with the rump UK, or else join another European constituency.
The rump UK would initially retain all of its voting power and its executive directorship. In future IMF negotiations, however, it would probably be too small to keep them. Large developing nations, such as India and Brazil, do not have their own directorships and regard European countries as massively over-represented at the IMF.
Once the rump UK’s voting power was adjusted to reflect its reduced population and economic weight, it would likely end up with less voting power than France, and join the ranks of second-tier European countries such as Italy that have to share an executive directorship as part of a constituency.

After Apple s iCloud fiasco  5 million Google usernames  passwords leaked onlineYou are here: Home > Collections
5 million Google usernames, passwords leaked online
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 12.04AM IST
Tags:
Google
(After Apple's high profile…)
NEW DELHI: After Apple's high profile iCloud fiasco, Google is the latest cybercrime victim with Russian hackers posting usernames and passwords of close to five million Google accounts online.
The list was posted on bitcoin forum btcsec.com by a user called Tvskit.
The user claimed that about 60 per cent of the passwords are still active.
The same Google account password is used across all Google products like Gmail, Youtube, Hangouts, Drive and Maps.
Acknowledging the leak in a blog post, Google said it had found that "less than 2 per cent of the username and password combinations might have worked."
It further said that Google's automated anti-hijacking systems would have blocked many of those login attempts.
"We have protected the affected accounts and have required those users to reset their passwords," it said.
Last week, nude images of celebrities were leaked from Apple's cloud service.
Google maintained that the leaked usernames and passwords were not the result of a breach of Google systems.
"Often, these credentials are obtained through a combination of other sources," it said.
Cautioning users, Google said they should ensure they use a strong password unique to Google and update recovery options, so that they can get the information on e-mail or phone in case they get locked out of their account.
"And consider 2-step verification, which adds an extra layer of security to your account," it said.
Users can visit "https://isleaked.com/en.php" to check if their account has been compromised, according to security solutions firm Kaspersky .
FEATURED ARTICLES

A Message From A Man To Men About Planning Your Weddingreddit
The other night I was out at the bar when a co-worker asked me how the planning was going for my upcoming wedding. I told him my fiancée and I had been busy: just the night before we'd been up until almost 2 a.m. sealing and stamping over 100 invitations.
"Wow," said my co-worker, who'd gotten married a year or so ago. "I never had to do any of that stuff." When I asked him why, he answered: "I just couldn't be trusted."
Wait, what? Couldn't be trusted to lick envelopes? Was he serious?
He was. The alarming thing is that my co-worker's disconnection from his own wedding planning isn't unique to him. Many guys -- perhaps most -- rely almost entirely on their significant others to plan their nuptials. "Girls just care more about this stuff," said a male friend of mine recently whose now-wife planned pretty much his entire wedding, despite the fact that she works long hours at a high-stress job.
My male friend is right -- a lot of the time, women legitimately care more. But not 500 percent more, which is about how much more work they do than most of us.
The author, hard at work making the centerpieces for his wedding.
As anyone who's done it knows, wedding planning is an extremely labor-intensive process, especially if you want to have a unique experience instead of just a generic hotel package deal. Vendors must be interviewed, contracts drawn up. Excel spreadsheets have to be created to keep track of everything from budgets to guest lists to gift registries. Menus must be curated, centerpieces designed. The list goes on, and on. And on.
My soon-to-be wife and a small group of women were recently helping a friend package the friend's wedding invitations. It was a big job, and required four people to do it. When the friend's fiancée got home from work that night, did he sit down to help? Nope -- he went straight to the couch and flipped on the TV.
That kind of behavior is what gives us guys a bad reputation. But, almost-married dudes, I'm here to tell you: we don't have to have one. We can (Breaking news!) help plan our weddings. Is it so hard to spend a Saturday afternoon at Crate & Barrel choosing garlic presses, placemats, cheese boards and crock pots for the registry? Will it take that long to make a custom playlist of songs that are special to you and your fiancée? And is it too much to ask that we run a few Google searches like "What is thermography?" and "Why would I ever need table-runners?" so that we can be knowledgable about such things?
Some guys reading this will probably say, "Well, I paid for my wedding, so I don't think I need to do all that work." Maybe that's true. But did your fiancée know that was how things were going to be when you proposed? I'm guessing you guys may not have had that conversation.
It's true there were many things my fiancée -- and her parents, God bless their generous, Midwestern souls -- did without any help from me. There were times, after a long day at work, when the discussions about guest lodging or the flowers did me in. But if I stepped away from the wedding planning, I made sure to be helpful in other ways. I ran errands for Adele; I did the dishes and the grocery shopping; I cooked countless dinners for us; I packed us lunches to take to work.
Basically, I carried my damn weight, because to do otherwise would have been unacceptable. After all, marriage is supposed to be a partnership. You may as well get started.
Follow Hunter Stuart on Twitter: www.twitter.com/hoont
More:

Marijuana  Federal Power & the StatesBy Jonathan H. Adler September 11
States appear increasingly unhappy with federal marijuana policy.  Two dozen states allow medical marijuana under state law, over a dozen states have largely decriminalized marijuana possession, and two states — Colorado and Washington — have legalized marijuana possession, use and sale under state law. This fall, two more states — Oregon and Alaska — may opt to legalize marijuana and additional states are considering authorizing medical marijuana, including Florida .  This week, the Democratic gubernatorial candidate in Ohio, Ed Fitzgerald, also came out in support of medical marijuana  (perhaps in an effort to aid his flagging campaign).  Nonetheless, marijuana remains a controlled substance under federal law.
Tomorrow the Center for Business Law & Regulation at Case Western Reserve University School of Law will be hosting a conference on Marijuana, Federal Power and the States that will explore the legal and policy issues arising from the decision of some states to legalize marijuana. Topics will include everything from preemption and the commerce clause to youth access and the problems faced by banks  that deal with marijuana-related businesses. Presenters include  Ernest Young (Duke), Angela Hawken (Pepperdine), Robert Mikos (Vanderbilt), Julie Hill (Alabama) Doug Berman (OSU), Mark Kleiman (UCLA), Alex Kreit (TJSL), Brannon Denning (Cumberland), John Hudak (Brookings) and the VC’s own Will Baude (Chicago).  Here’s more on the conference .  The webcast will be available here .
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410466475/1410466475000/1410466475 tracking: {authors=Jonathan H. Adler, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=marijuana-federal-power-the-states, post_id=13377, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 8:14:35 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 8:14:35 PM

Apple quietly kills off iconic iPod ClassicApple quietly kills off iconic iPod Classic after seven years of launch
By The Independent | 12 Sep, 2014, 03.11AM IST
iPod Classic was the last Apple device to use click-wheel. The simplicity of feature – replacing an array of different buttons with a track wheel.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
There was no announcement, no solemn ceremony to mark its passing, but Apple has finally killed off its longest serving gadget, the iPod Classic, just seven years after it was launched but what seems a lifetime since it made the Walkman obsolete.
Tech aficionados, who loved the iPod's once-revolutionary design, were among the first to notice that the webpage for the Classic version had quietly disappeared and now simply pointed to a site for the iPod Touch.
Diehard music fans, who loved a storage capacity of 160GB, which meant they could carry as many as 40,000 songs in their pocket, appeared to go into mourning at the decision, put into effect on Tuesday when Apple launched its new smartwatch. The first version of the iPod appeared in 2001. Patrick Ness , author of The Crane Wife and other books, said on Twitter
"Apple introduced a phone with the same crappy battery, a wristwatch no one wants and killed the iPod Classic. Why do you like them again?"
Christina Warren , senior tech analyst at Mashable , said: "The iPod classic is finally dead. RIP little iPod. You remade Apple, changed the way we listen to music, and are one of my top five gadgets." And Pitchfork, an internet magazine about independent music, tweeted simply: "Goodnight, sweet click-wheel."
The iPod Classic was the last Apple device to use the click-wheel, first seen on the iPod Mini, launched in 2004. The simplicity of the feature - replacing an array of different buttons with a track wheel that incorporated four different buttons - became an instant hit.
Though no one realised, Tim Cook , chief executive of Apple, paid tribute to the device as he introduced the Apple Watch on Tuesday. "It turns out, with every revolutionary product that Apple has created, a breakthrough in user interface was required," he said. "With the Mac, we introduced the mouse. The click-wheel on the iPod. And with iPhone , multi-touch gave us the ability to interact with a beautiful canvas of photos or video or music."
For some, it was an historic moment. Jacob Kastrenakes , writing for tech website The Verge, said: "The [Sony] Walkman may have started the first portable music revolution, but the iPod began the second. "It increasingly put thousands upon thousands of songs in your pocket, and made it so that no one ever had to leave behind a track from their library again."

First claim by al-Qaeda subcontinent wing: Pak Navy menoursPrint
Mahmood’s statement promises that al-Qaeda will soon released the videotaped last testaments of the attackers. (Source: Reuters)
Written by Praveen Swami | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:31 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 9:04 am
The newly-formed Indian subcontinent division of transnational terror group al-Qaeda has claimed responsibility for Saturday night’s attack on a Naval dockyard in Karachi — the organisation’s first strike since its existence was made public last month. The attackers, the statement said, were former Pakistan Navy officers-turned-jihadists who were attempting to hijack a missile frigate to stage an attack on a United States aircraft carrier.
The claim was made in a statement released online on Thursday — the 13th anniversary of the September 11, 2001 terror attacks — by Usama Mahmood, the spokesperson for Qaidat al-Jihad fi’Shibhi al-Qarrat al-Hindiya, or al-Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent (AQIS).
Few details are available on the attack, in which a Pakistan Navy officer was reported killed along with two terrorists. Karachi police chief Ghulam Qadir Thebo told the media that the slain attackers included former Naval official Owais Jhakrani, the son of senior police officer Ali Sher Jhakrani.  Pakistani media reports said the attackers succeeded in briefly seizing control of the Chinese-made F22P-type frigate, the Zulfiqar.
Mahmood’s statement — in Urdu — says, “The Naval officers who were martyred on Saturday in the attack in Karachi were al-Qaeda members. They were trying to attack American marines and their cronies”. Following training at an al-Qaeda camp, the men were tasked with hijacking the missiles through which they were to attack an American carrier, says the note.
“They had taken over control of the ship and were proceeding to attack the American carrier when they were intercepted by the Pakistan military,” the statement says. “These men thus became martyrs. The Pakistani military men who died defending enemies of the Muslim nation, on the other hand, are cursed with hell”.
In a brief statement which did not describe the circumstances of the attack, the Pakistan Navy said four attackers had been arrested, leading to raids by “intelligence agencies which led to arrest of other collaborators and accomplices from different parts of the country.” Karachi-based newspapers have reported that those arrested included two Naval officers, but there has been no official confirmation.
Mahmood’s statement promises that al-Qaeda will soon released the videotaped last testaments of the attackers — a longstanding practice of the organisation. The release of the videotapes could enhance the credibility of the claim, which comes in the wake of similar but less-detailed statements by two rival factions of the Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan — both, however, with links to al-Qaeda.
In March 2011, Tehreek-e-Taliban and al-Qaeda cadre had stormed  the PNS Mehran airbase near Karachi, destroying military assets including P-3C Orion aircraft valued at $35 million, and killing 15 military personnel. Muhammad Aqeel, one of the terrorists captured during the strike, was a former Pakistan Army nurse, while three Naval officers were court-martialled for aiding the attack.
Brigadier Ali Khan, serving at the military headquarters in Rawalpindi, was held in connection with a 2009 terrorist attack on the continued…

Coinbase starts eurozone Bitcoin serviceSeptember 10, 2014 11:15 pm
Bitcoin company Coinbase to launch eurozone consumer service
By Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2e97012e-38f1-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

EU clears Murdoch s Sky pay-TV dealsEuropean Union
(EPA PHOTO: The new entity…)
BRUSSELS: The European Commission today cleared the key deals in tycoon Rupert Murdoch's plan to create a pan-European pay-TV giant.
The Commission, the European Union's executive arm, said it would allow BSkyB, which is 39 percent owned by Murdoch's 21st Century Fox, to buy Fox's total rights to Sky Italia and its 57.4-percent interest in Sky Deutschland .
The new entity would not raise competition concerns as the three original companies were "geographically complementary," it said.
Each operated in "national or along linguistically homogenous areas," it said, meaning there was little probability it would radically change the business in each market.
"It was unlikely that the merged company would be able to impose a change from current licensing practices, which are focused on national territories or language areas, towards the joint purchase or simultaneous negotiations for premium content across several countries," it said.
When the 8.8 billion euro ($11.4 billion) of deals were announced in July, analysts said it would pave the way to a massive European pay-TV operation and give 21st Century Fox another opportunity to bid for US rival Time Warner .
"The enlarged company will be a world-class multinational pay TV provider that serves 20 million customers and brings together the leading pay TV businesses in three of Europe's four biggest markets," London-listed BSkyB said at the time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RadioShacks Death Is Just Around the CornerMost Recent See All
Future Tense
Sept. 15 2014 8:08 AM Techno Sapiens: The Tacocopter Edition A Future Tense podcast about whether machines will solve our problems, or make them worse. Marvin Ammori and Christine Rosen
Bad Astronomy
Sept. 15 2014 7:30 AM Polar Vortex Excursions Linked to Global Warming Phil Plait
Music
Sept. 14 2014 11:44 PM A Little Bit Softer Now, a Little Bit Softer Now … The sad, gradual decline of the fade-out in popular music. William Weir
Brow Beat
Sept. 14 2014 7:10 PM Watch Michael Winslow Perform Every Part of “Whole Lotta Love” With Just His Voice Sharan Shetty
Jurisprudence
Sept. 14 2014 2:37 PM When Abuse Is Not Abuse Don’t expect Adrian Peterson to go to prison. In much of America, beating your kids is perfectly legal.  Mark Joseph Stern
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 2:36 PM Liberal Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders May Run for President in 2016 as Democrat Daniel Politi
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 12:33 PM North Korea Sentences 24-Year-Old American to Six Years of Hard Labor Daniel Politi
Behold
Sept. 14 2014 11:00 AM The Crumbling and Abandoned Remains of Italy’s Once-Grand Discotheques  Jordan  G. Teicher
New Scientist
Sept. 14 2014 8:38 AM Scientific Misconduct Should Be a Crime It’s as bad as fraud or theft, only potentially more dangerous. Rachel Nuwer
Bad Astronomy
Sept. 14 2014 8:00 AM Volcanado Phil Plait
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 2:24 AM Cops Briefly Detain Django Unchained Actress Because They Thought She Was a Prostitute Daniel Politi
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 1:29 AM Mark Sanford’s Fiancée Surprised by his Facebook Post Announcing Breakup Daniel Politi
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 12:29 AM ISIS Releases Video Showing Beheading of British Aid Worker David Haines Daniel Politi
Brow Beat
Sept. 13 2014 4:47 PM The Simpsons’ Groundskeeper Willie Shares His Thoughts on Scottish Independence Sharan Shetty
Brow Beat
Sept. 13 2014 3:55 PM Jack White’s Music Video for “Would You Fight for My Love” Was Made in a Day Sharan Shetty
Brow Beat
Sept. 13 2014 2:05 PM Kutiman Returns With Another Brilliant Song Comprised Entirely of YouTube Clips Sharan Shetty
The Slatest
Sept. 13 2014 1:55 PM U.S. Officials Threatened James Foley’s Parents With Prosecution Over Ransom Daniel Politi
  News & Politics
Jurisprudence Sept. 14 2014 2:37 PM
Mark Joseph Stern
Jurisprudence
Sept. 14 2014 2:37 PM When Abuse Is Not Abuse Don’t expect Adrian Peterson to go to prison. In much of America, beating your kids is perfectly legal.  Mark Joseph Stern
Politics Sept. 12 2014 7:24 PM

Business onslaught over Scottish Yes voteLast updated: September 12, 2014 7:54 am
Support for No campaign in Scots poll holds up
By FT reporters
Support for the campaign to keep Scotland in the UK is holding up as the number of undecided voters falls sharply with less than a week to go until the independence referendum, according to the latest polling.
More
Call to unleash $1tn for social investments
After a couple of polls earlier in the week showing the race neck-and-neck or the Yes side in the lead, the last two polls have put the Better Together campaign back in front.
On Thursday evening, a YouGov poll for the Times and the Sun gave the unionists 52 per cent support against 48 per cent for independence. The figures did not include undecided voters, who now only number 4 per cent of the electorate, the survey found and have a margin of error of plus or minus 3 per cent.
This compares to a YouGov poll five weeks ago showing No leading by about 55 per cent to 35 per cent, with 10 per cent undecided.
The bounce in support for Better Together came after one of Britain’s top industrialists warned that a Yes vote could cast an uncertainty over the UK economy for a decade, as Scotland’s banks led a sustained onslaught against independence.
Sir Mike Rake , chairman of BT Group, deputy chairman of Barclays and president of the CBI employers’ organisation, said independence would destabilise investment in Scotland and the rest of the UK. “The uncertainty will last for easily 10 years,” he told the Financial Times.
“Inevitably this uncertainty will lead to a slowdown in investment in the UK as a whole as well as Scotland.”
Five banks said they would move their headquarters south of the border in the event of a Yes vote and are lobbying the Treasury to pass new laws to speed up the transfer of their corporate bases to England.
Marks and Spencer, the leading UK chain, is also poised to warn the Scots of the possibility of rising prices should they vote Yes, according to people familiar with the matter.
Marc Bolland, chief executive of M&S, is expected to sign a joint letter with other leading stores. Retailers have warned of the costs of doing business in a new country with a dispersed population and uncertain currency and tax arrangements.
David Cameron has been urging business leaders to speak out against independence for months.
Alex Salmond , Scotland’s nationalist first minister, said Mr Cameron was orchestrating a campaign of business “scaremongering”, adding that Scots would ignore the warnings . “Scotland is on the cusp of making history,” he said. “Scotland will vote Yes next Thursday.”
Yes is running out of Scots to persuade
After the shock of its poll last week showing the Yes side ahead in the Scottish independence referendum, YouGov’s latest is a return to relative calm. Based on an online survey carried out between Tuesday and Thursday of this week, the pollster puts the Yes side on 48 per cent and No on 52 per cent, excluding undecideds.
Continue reading . . .
Royal Bank of Scotland led a host of banks, employing more than 35,000 people in Scotland, warning they would relocate their headquarters south of the border in the event of a Yes vote on September 18.
But the banks, including Lloyds Banking Group , are worried that the costly and lengthy legal process required to change the domicile of a bank would be further delayed if many institutions rushed to move south at the same time. They have told the Bank of England and the Treasury there would be a case for new legislation.
The announcements from RBS and Lloyds were swiftly echoed by Clydesdale Bank, TSB Bank and Tesco Bank; government insiders said the move was co-ordinated by the Better Together campaign for a No vote.
Aegon UK, the subsidiary of the eponymous Dutch insurer, joined its rival Standard Life in saying it would move its registered life company to England if the Scots voted for independence.
The banks believe that they risk being penalised by investors and rating agencies if they keep their domicile in an independent Scotland and lose the support of the Bank of England as their lender of last resort. Inquiries from nervous customers about the consequences of a Yes vote have also increased since the polls narrowed last week.
World Weekly podcast
Too close to call
A late surge in support for Scotland’s pro-independence camp a week ahead of the referendum has set alarm bells ringing among politicians in London. James Blitz is joined by Michael Stott and Mure Dickie to discuss the arguments being used to sway Scottish voters.
Mr Salmond said RBS’s contingency plan would not affect jobs or an independent Scotland’s corporation tax base. “Corporation tax depends not on the registered office but on economic activity,” he said.
He accused Treasury officials of deliberately leaking market sensitive information about RBS to damage the Yes campaign.
But Sir Jeremy Heywood, in a letter to Mr Salmond, rejected the accusation, saying staff at the Treasury had just “confirmed its understanding of RBS’s contingency planning . . . [to] maintain financial stability”.
Danny Alexander, UK Treasury chief secretary, said: “If all these great institutions locate to England, you would absolutely see a loss of jobs at headquarters, but over time you would see a pulling away in terms of engagement with Scotland.”
Ross McEwan, the RBS chief executive, wrote to his 12,000 staff in Scotland saying they would not be relocated if there was a Yes vote. “This is a technical procedure regarding the location of our registered head office. It is not an intention to move operations or jobs,” he said in the letter.
Mr Salmond, speaking in Edinburgh, said the business campaign was being whipped up by Downing Street, which was “trying to galvanise leading business people to try to say something negative about Scotland”.
He contrasted what he branded scaremongering by the London establishment with what he portrayed as the positive mood among Scots who were “rediscovering self-confidence” and “finding our voice”.
Reporting by John Aglionby, Sarah Gordon, Patrick Jenkins, Martin Arnold, George Parker, Sam Fleming and Andrea Felsted

Fugitive suspected in Minnesota homicide arrested one month after fatal shootingBy Sarah Larimer September 11 Follow @slarimer
Shakopee Police Chief Jeff Tate, left, and Ramsey County Sheriff Chief Deputy John Kirkwood speak at a news conference outside the Shakopee Police Department on Thursday. (Elizabeth Flores/Associated Press)
Police in Minnesota say they’ve arrested a man who authorities believe fatally shot his former boyfriend and business partner one month ago.
Lyle Marvin “Ty” Hoffman was taken into custody without incident Thursday morning, the Shakopee police department said in a news release . The 44-year-old Hoffman was arrested near an Arby’s restaurant and was cooperative with officers, Shakopee Police Chief Jeff Tate told reporters.
“He was first observed by the officer looking at the drive-through menu,” Tate said, according to the Star Tribune . Hoffman, Tate said, “was on foot.”
Hoffman faces one count of intentional second-degree murder, according to the Ramsey County Sheriff’s Office.
That’s when the manhunt began .
The Star Tribune had an account of the shooting last month:
Josh Polos, who was filling his tank with gas at the Holiday station when the BMW pulled up behind him Monday morning, witnessed the killing.
Polos said he heard yelling in the car and assumed it was directed at him.
But when he got out, the car passed his SUV and pulled into a parking spot next to the station. As Polos watched, two men got out of the car and the driver shot the other man three times — including in the back as the victim started running, and finally in the head from close range as the wounded man pleaded for his life.
The shooter turned to Polos and looked him full in the face. He then got back into the car, sat there for several seconds and sped away — running over the Phillips as he left.
“It was so surreal,” Polos said afterward. “You’d think that you’d run, but I just stood there, frozen like a deer in headlights.”
Phillips had planned to marry in August, but a memorial service was held for him instead .
“It was good old-fashioned police work and a concerned citizen,” Ramsey County Sheriff’s Chief Deputy John Kirkwood said at Thursday’s news conference. “We don’t know a whole lot more than we got him. … We just had to stay on it. … It’s a great relief.”
Hoffman is also suspected in a bank robbery that occurred while he was a fugitive. The day before his arrest, the reward for information about Hoffman’s whereabouts had grown to $40,000 .
“People get tired of running,” Kirkwood said, while discussing Hoffman’s peaceful arrest, “and people are relieved to get caught.”
Sarah Larimer is a general assignment reporter for the Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410469478/1410469478000/1410469478 tracking: {authors=Sarah Larimer, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=fugitive-suspected-in-minnesota-homicide-arrested-one-month-after-fatal-shooting, post_id=11513, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 9:04:38 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 9:04:38 PM

Cong-NCP Dharavi showcase touches less than 1% oftargetOnly the first building is ready, 358 families to get new homes.
Written by Manasi Phadke | Mumbai | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:49 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 9:09 am
When 65-year-old Ranjana Kamble, who has lived for over two decades in a tiny shanty in Dharavi’s Shatabdi Nagar, moves into a brand new ‘1 BHK’ flat in a multi-storey building in the coming weeks, Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan will no doubt want to present the relocation as a feather in the cap of the beleaguered Congress-NCP government.
But the 358 families’ new homes, which the Maharashtra government seeks to present as a success story, constitute precisely 0.6 per cent of Dharavi’s households originally chalked into the grand Dharavi Redevelopment Project, costing over Rs 16,000 crore, as stakeholders and beneficiaries.
And as the remaining 99.4 per cent of beneficiary households prepare to wait longer for their promised homes, the Shiv Sena-BJP combine has found a stick to beat the Congress with: Not only has the Dharavi Redevelopment Project been in gestation for two decades, it has also been 10 years since the Slum Redevelopment Scheme was suspended in Dharavi. That scheme, a flagship of the previous Sena-BJP government in the 1990s, was put in abeyance in Asia’s largest shanty-town to ensure that an unplanned rash of small buildings does not come in the way of the planned redevelopment of the entire 240-hectare sprawl. And what the Congress-NCP is keen to flaunt as an achievement is exactly what the project aimed to end — piecemeal redevelopment in a potential real estate goldmine.
Shiv Sena’s Rahul Shewale, the Lok Sabha MP from the Mumbai South Central constituency in which Dharavi falls, told The Indian Express that the Congress-NCP government had finally succeeded in completing a tiny patch of slum redevelopment, something the Sena-BJP had initiated in the 1990s. “The state government’s approach is entirely wrong,” Shewale said. “The government should ideally first determine for an entire sector the list of residents who are eligible for free housing and those not. They should be moved into transit accommodation en masse and then the entire area should be redeveloped.”
Shewale said the Shiv Sena would stay steadfast on its promise of giving slumdwellers 400 sq ft homes, 100 sq ft more than the Congress-NCP’s tenements. The additional 100 sq ft, no doubt, are a tantalising election-time promise for Dharavi’s millions.
In 2004, the Congress-NCP government took a decision to put an end to the Nineties-style slum redevelopment schemes in Dharavi. These schemes typically comprised a few hundred or fewer shanty-owners forming a society and tying up with builders who would erect one building to rehouse the slumdwellers, another for sale in the market. The comprehensive revamp plan aimed to transform the area and put it on the global tourist map with about 59,000 families rehoused in high-rise apartments.
Barring a few exceptions, proposed SRA schemes in Dharavi were simply put on hold to make way for the mega revamp.
Sachin Ahir, NCP legislator and minister of state for housing, said this single building is still a victory for continued…

Sensex holds 27 000; L&T  SBI up 1%Sensex holds 27 000; L&T  SBI up 1%
Rupee near session high as corporates  custodians sell dollarsRupee near session high as corporates  custodians sell dollars
Agni-I nuclear capable missile successfully test-firedPress Trust of India | Balasore (odisha) | Posted: September 11, 2014 7:35 pm
India on Thursday successfully test-fired its indigenously built nuclear capable Agni-I missile, which has a strike range of 700 km, from a test range off Odisha coast as part of a user trial by the Army.
The surface-to-surface, single-stage missile, powered by solid propellants, was test-fired from a mobile launcher at about 11.11 hrs from launch pad-4 of the Integrated Test Range (ITR) at Wheeler Island, about 100 km from here, Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) spokesman Ravi Kumar Gupta said.
Describing the trial as fully successful, Gupta said the ballistic missile was launched by the Strategic Forces Command (SFC) of the army as part of a training exercise.
“The entire exercise was conducted in a perfect manner and the trial was totally successful,” he said.
“The DRDO developed medium range ballistic missile from the production lot was launched as part of regular training exercise by the armed forces,” said another official.
Agni-I missile has a specialised navigation system which ensures it reaches the target with a high degree of accuracy and precision.
The missile, which has already been inducted in to Armed Forces has proved its excellent performance in terms of range, accuracy and lethality.
Weighing 12 tonnes, the 15-metre-long Agni-I, which can carry payloads up to 1000 kg, has already been inducted into the Indian Army.
Agni-I was developed by advanced systems laboratory, the premier missile development laboratory of the DRDO in collaboration with Defence Research Development Laboratory and Research Centre Imarat and integrated by Bharat Dynamics Limited, Hyderabad.
The last trial of the Agni-I missile was successfully carried out on April 12, 2014 from the same base. It was first trial that was launched after sunset.
The entire exercise was conducted in a perfect manner and the trial was totally successful.

Apple who Microsoft  Intel stocks ruleAll markets and investing news all the time
Apple who? Microsoft, Intel rule Dow
By Paul R. La Monica September 11, 2014: 12:20 PM ET
Who says PCs are dinosaurs? Intel and Microsoft are the top stocks in the Dow this year.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul R. La Monica. Other than Time Warner, the parent of CNNMoney, Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie, La Monica does not own positions in any individual stocks.
PCs aren't dead yet. Sure, you're probably reading this on a phone or tablet. Maybe you'll one day see stories right in front of your eyes on your Google Glass or Oculus Rift.
But big businesses still mostly use computers in their offices. And that's a main reason why Windows maker Microsoft and semiconductor giant Intel, the two companies so tied at the hip that they have the Brangelina-esque mashup nickname of Wintel, are among the hottest stocks on Wall Street this year.
Shares of Intel (INTC) are up 33% so far in 2014. That makes it the best performer in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Microsoft's (MSFT) stock is up 24%. It's the second biggest gainer in the Dow and on par with Apple's ( AAPL ) gains this year.
Related: Microsoft and Intel are big winners in CNNMoney's Tech 30 too
Investors seem to realize that Intel and Microsoft both stand to benefit from new demand for corporate PCs and servers now that Microsoft is finally pulling the plug on two popular products that many businesses rely on.
Windows XP has already been phased out and Microsoft recently announced that it will end support for Windows Server 2003 next July. The end of XP could lead to more adoption of Windows 8 in the workplace. And Microsoft is now touting Windows Server 2012 and its cloud-based Azure platform.
Increased software sales from Microsoft help Intel because it leads to stronger demand for the chips it makes that run PCs and servers. In fact, shares of former Dow component Hewlett-Packard (HPQ) are up more than 30% this year in part due to hopes for a rebound in hardware sales.
Still, it's not as if Microsoft and Intel are sticking solely to PCs. Both companies realize that they must adapt to the changing tech world.
Two of Intel's most rapidly growing divisions are units making chips for data centers and the so-called Internet of Things (i.e. connected devices in your home.)
And Microsoft, under new CEO Satya Nadella, has been emphasizing the cloud as well as other growth areas, such as gaming. There are reports that Microsoft may soon acquire the maker of the popular Minecraft game for $2.5 billion. If that happens, it's a big addition to Microsoft's Xbox franchise.
Related: Gates is gone. Microsoft is officially Satya Nadella's company
Wall Street clearly likes this strategy. It's telling that Intel and Microsoft are both performing well even as more rapidly growing companies like Apple and Facebook (FB) -- which are arguably the two most important tech companies helping to shape consumer tech trends -- are thriving too.
Investors have often made the mistake of giving up on "older" companies out of fear that they will soon be obsolete. But there's nothing wrong with being old or mature as long as you have an innovative management team that's constantly looking for ways to avoid being stuck in the past.
>
Microsoft appears to have that with Nadella and so does Intel with new CEO Brian Krzanich.
It doesn't hurt either that both companies trade at relatively reasonable valuations and that each pays a dividend that yields 2.6% -- higher than the rate on a 10 Year U.S. Treasury bond . So Intel and Microsoft offer the best mix of growth and safety at a time when investors are craving both.
Reader Comment of the Week! The biggest shock from Apple's product launches on Tuesday was probably that its wearable is going to be called the Apple Watch instead of the iWatch. But the lack of drama didn't seem to be a problem for investors. Apple's stock is up for the week so far.
The appearance by U2 was also expected -- although dropping a new album for free to all iTunes users was a pleasant surprise. Before the Apple event began, I asked followers what song U2 should play.
The winner is one of my colleagues from across the pond. He suggested that the boys from Dublin add a little twist to a song they covered on "Rattle and Hum."
@LaMonicaBuzz their version of All Along the iWatchtower?
— Mark Thompson (@markthompsoncnn) September 9, 2014
Nice one, Mark! I still love the Hendrix version of Dylan's classic the best. I also have to admit that the song was an appropriate choice since there was "too much confusion" at the beginning of Apple's live stream webcast of the proceedings. Still can't get over the overly loud Chinese translation feed and Lost-like jumps back and forth in time!

Ram Informatics: Outcome of AGMSep 11, 2014, 09.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ram Informatics: Outcome of AGM
Ram Informatics has submitted a copy of proceedings of the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 10, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ram Informatics: Outcome of AGM
Ram Informatics has submitted a copy of proceedings of the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 10, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Ram Informatics Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of proceedings of the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 10, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

OnMobile Global: Outcome of AGMSep 11, 2014, 09.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
OnMobile Global: Outcome of AGM
OnMobile Global has informed that the 14th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 10, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
OnMobile Global: Outcome of AGM
OnMobile Global has informed that the 14th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 10, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
OnMobile Global Ltd has informed BSE that the 14th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 10, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Loop mall owner gets permits to build towerBlock 37 owner secures permits to build residential tower
Proposed tower at Block 37
A proposed residential tower off of State Street in Chicago's Loop.
A proposed residential tower off of State Street in Chicago's Loop.
The final phase of Block 37's development
LA owner of Loop's Block 37 secures permits to build residential tower
The 34-story residential tower above Block 37 is moving forward.
CIM Group, the Los Angeles-based owner of the downtown retail complex, announced Thursday that it has secured initial permits to build the 690-unit apartment tower, the final phase of Block 37’s development program. Construction barricades will go up this weekend.
Business owners wanting downtown exposure during the busy holiday shopping season can vie for a free storefront in Block 37. ( Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz )
The tower will be positioned on the northern portion of Block 37’s eponymous block, on State Street between Washington and Randolph Streets, and “will offer sweeping city views, a fifth floor amenity deck including an outdoor pool and spa, a rooftop spa and fitness center,” among other amenities, CIM said in a statement.
The tower will be erected atop a five-floor enclosed mall that has changed hands several times and struggled to fulfill the vision of its developers. Five years after opening, and two years after CIM Group bought the mall after it had fallen into foreclosure, the 275,000-square-foot shopping center remains 63.6 percent vacant, according to real estate data provider CoStar Group, mostly on its upper three floors.
The third floor, which for years housed just a lonely Aveda Salon and Spa, is starting to take shape, with the Chicago Design Museum calling it its permanent home and restaurateur Richard Sandoval planning to open a Latin-themed food court called Latinicity there in April.
aelejalderuiz@tribune.com

6 Guidelines I Live By When Building A Teamreddit
Hiring can be one of the biggest challenges for entrepreneurs. I've seen fellow business owners constantly struggling with bringing in team members that just don't work out. Over the years, I've found that there are 6 guidelines we always follow when hiring, allowing us to ensure we get a great fit for the specific job as well the culture we have built.
1. Hire and fire based on core values - We live by our core values, and we just won't hire someone who doesn't fit our culture. The culture within our company is one of our biggest draws for talent, and a candidate who is perfectly aligned makes for an employee who really thrives in the long term. We have a core values checklist we review after interviewing each candidate - if a candidate doesn't exhibit every attribute, then they just won't get the job.
2. Rely on your team to be your best recruiters - When beginning the search for a new employee, our first step is always to ask for company referrals.  For a little extra incentive, we offer a $1,000 referral bonus for every employee-referred candidate we end up hiring. We have gotten many of our best employees through internal word of mouth, and we've found it really helps to strengthen the culture within our organization. Employees tend to recommend only the people they would be proud to bring into our company and would be happy to work alongside. We trust our employees, and in turn employee referrals always go to the top of our list.
3. Phone interviews - A phone screening is the fastest and easiest way to see where a candidate's interests truly lie - and a way to gain perspective on the tasks or responsibilities he or she is not interested in doing. We look for the perfect candidate who will not only excel at a job, but be happy doing it.  A lot of people in a candidate pool might be great, but if their desires aren't matched up with the responsibilities of the specific job then it's just not the right fit right now.  Phone interviews really help narrow a pool of great candidates down to the best candidates.
4. Take your time with the interview process - We spend up to a full day meeting with candidates for high level team members, and at least a few hours with every entry level candidate. We've found that what really works for us is dividing the interview process into two different meetings - an initial interview that focuses on previous work experience, and a second interview that really allows us to hone in on the competencies essential for the prospective position.  In the initial interview, we work through the candidate's resume in reverse-chronological order, specifically looking for people who have learned from mistakes and triumphed over setbacks. If a candidate makes it to the 2nd round of interviews, we work to identify specific examples in the candidate's history that illustrate each of the required key competency areas.  The second interview allows us to really focus on whether a candidate has what it takes to do a very specific job. We try to include team members who work in the relevant departments in this second interview, as they can offer additional insight into whether or a not a candidate will be a great fit.
5. Always, always check references - The reference check is the deal maker for us. We only hire candidates who have past managers or direct reports that rate them highly.  We take detailed notes about each of a candidate's previous supervisors throughout the interview process, so we know exactly who we'd like to speak with when the reference check rolls around.  We don't want to talk to just any person off of a candidate's reference list.  We are only looking for A players, and it's crucial that our hires have built strong relationships with their past managers.
6. Provide intensive training, and then let them shine - Sink or swim just doesn't work, and a new employee's success relies on the right coaching. We spend the first three months on employment providing one-on-one training, making sure each new team member is up to speed on all the technical details of their new position, as well as versed in our organization's cultural expectations. But once trained, it's time to step back and allow them the space to be their best.
This article is part of ICIC 's Icons of Industry Growth series, highlighting the fastest-growing businesses located in America's inner cities. Small business owners are invited to join these successful entrepreneurs in Boston on October 15-16th at the Inner City 100 Symposium, a premier management education and networking event featuring leading CEOs and Harvard Business School faculty. Learn more here .
ICIC is the national outreach and selection partner for the Goldman Sachs 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
More:

Schneider Electric moving headquarters from Palatine to MassachussettsSchneider Electric moving headquarters from Palatine to Massachussetts
Schneider Electric
Schneider Electric's new headquarters in Andover, Md.
Schneider Electric's new headquarters in Andover, Md. (Schneider Electrict)
By Corilyn Shropshire contact the reporter
Schneider executive says move out of Illinois is to help company be 'in a place where customers will come'
Energy firm Schneider Electric is moving its U.S. headquarters from Palatine to Andover, Mass. a company spokesperson confirmed Thursday.
The company recently built a new research and development Center, named Boston ONE in Andover to harness the talent coming out of the Boston area, Schneider’s President and CEO, Laurent Vernerey, told the Boston Globe on Wednesday.
"With this new headquarters, I wanted to make a statement," he said to the Globe. "We should be in a place where customers will come on a regular basis."
Verenerey will also be based in Andover, according to a company spokesperson, making that facility the new U.S. headquarters. He was unavailable to the Tribune for comment.
@ch47fixer -- They do a lot of business in Chicago, especially with regard to the digital city thing. They'll stay to avoid losing that business.
Joe South

Rating Upgrade Around the Corner for India  Says Bank of AmericaRating Upgrade Around the Corner for India  Says Bank of America
Brokerages expect upgrade in India s credit outlookForeign brokerages expect upgrade in India's credit outlook
By PTI | 11 Sep, 2014, 09.31PM IST
0
Share More
There is a 'compelling' case for an upgrade of India's sovereign rating outlook, two brokerages said today with one of them anticipating the revision in 2017.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: There is a 'compelling' case for an upgrade of India's sovereign rating outlook, two brokerages said today with one of them anticipating the revision in 2017.
Bank of America Merrill Lynch today said "worst is over" for India and credit rating agencies are likely to upgrade their outlook for the country sooner rather than later.
British brokerage Barclays said that it expects India's foreign currency ratings to move to the 'BBB' level from the current 'BBB-' by 2017.
"Such a move is likely to occur against a backdrop of sustained higher growth, relatively stable inflation and continued fiscal consolidation," it said in a note.
Barclays said the key risk to the rating will be oil price hike, reduction in the political will to carry out the necessary reforms and domestic security risks.
BofA-ML said meanwhile that "with Moody's downgrading their Brazil outlook last night, key emerging market peers are seeing downgrades", but added that "we expect rating agencies to upgrade their outlook for India. We see three compelling reasons to expect at least an outlook upgrade for India".
It said the prime drivers for an upgrade in the outlook would be: growth is bottoming out and there is an expected rebound to the 8 per cent level by 2018; inflation is peaking and expected to reduce, and a reduction in the fiscal as well as current account deficits.
At least two of the international credit rating agencies, led by S&P, have expressed concerns about country's sovereign rating since 2012. They raised issues of sagging growth, high inflation, high fiscal deficit and also a sense of 'policy paralysis' which had its roots in a perceived lack of decision making by the previous UPA regime.
S&P has a 'BBB-' rating with a negative outlook on the country. 'BBB--' is the lowest investment grade and a downgrade would mean pushing the country's sovereign rating to junk status, making overseas borrowings by corporates costlier.
BofA-ML said: "We thought the S&P downgrade of the BBB- outlook to negative from stable in April 2012 unwarranted."
The government has been meeting representatives of the rating agencies for over a month, trying to impress upon them positives in the economy. Moody's has assigned 'Baa3' rating on India, with a stable outlook, which suggests a possibility of an upgrade.
Fitch has affirmed India's long--term foreign and local currency issuer default rating at 'BBB--' with stable outlook.
Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram had met representatives of the Moody's earlier this week.
"We presented our case. The budget has strong growth impulses and response of the economy is positive. They have concerns about fiscal deficit. We explained that we will be able to maintain target," he told reporters after the meeting.
The government has affirmed a commitment to stick to the 4.1 per cent fiscal deficit target for the current fiscal and bring it down gradually to 3 per cent by FY17.

First Bills to Bring Tesla to Nevada Sail ThroughIf it's not stuck in your head now, it will be in a few seconds. Transylvania University's Delta Sigma Phi created a...
YouTube

US stocks in correction  but bull mkt intact: Expertbull market
(Since the financial crisis,…)
NEW YORK: The US stock market has entered into a corrective phase, but the underlying bull market remains in place, David Rosenberg , chief economist and strategist of Canadian asset manager Gluskin Sheff, said on Thursday.
"We are in some kind of corrective phase in the stock market but it's not the end of the world," Rosenberg told Reuters, saying that valuations are expensive but not necessarily in bubble territory.
"I think we're still in a fundamental bull market," said Rosenberg, a long-time leading bear on Wall Street who had turned bullish about two years ago.
Rosenberg, whose Toronto-based firm had $7.5 billion in assets under management at the end of the second quarter, had changed his bearish outlook shortly after writing in mid-2012: "I do see a light at the end of the dark tunnel. Don't be surprised if I end up turning bullish ahead of the pack."
Since the financial crisis, US stocks have shot up. Last year the benchmark S&P 500 rose about 30 per cent; so far this year the index is up about 8 per cent.
The S&P has now gone about three years without a correction of at least 10 per cent, an unusually long period that's caused unease among investors who are convinced that a decline must be coming.
But Rosenberg said that such a correction could bring more buyers into the market, because there are few attractive alternatives to stocks these days. He noted that money has been quick to come back into the market on previous smaller dips.
Nothing is cheap at the moment, but some sectors could gain more, he said, noting the impact of an upswing in capital spending.
"Capital spending is finally emerging as a big positive story in this country," he said, as companies move to replace aging infrastructure, lower utilization rates hovering around 80 per cent, and boost productivity.
Industrials, technology and financials will all benefit from that kind of spending, he said.
In contrast, Rosenberg said, the bull market in US Treasuries has been over for more than two years.
A broader uptrend of higher interest rates has begun, he said, with the US Federal Reserve taking a more permissive stance toward inflation as it seeks to boost wage growth among a broader swath of the United States .
The US 10-year Treasury note, which is a major benchmark for global credit and derivatives markets, is now yielding about 2.53 per cent.
While that is off the high of around 3 per cent toward the end of last year, the yield has yet to repeat its lows near 1.4 per cent in July 2012.
"Bonds are just a speculative trade as far as I'm concerned," Rosenberg said. "I see the bond market more overvalued than the stock market."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Final Fate Awaits: Pistorius Not Guilty of Murdering Girlfriendfinal fate awaits: pistorius not guilty of murdering girlfriend
GM to launch 40 new cars in India  other international marketsGM to launch 40 new cars in India  other international markets
Nissan Motor announces festival discounts for Datsun GONissan Motor announces festival discounts for Datsun GO
Sun Pharma falls 6% as USFDA inspects Halol unit; facility contributes 40% of US salesSun Pharma falls 6% as USFDA inspects Halol unit; facility contributes 40% of US sales
Jubilant FoodWorks opens Dunkin  Donuts restaurantJubilant FoodWorks opens Dunkin  Donuts restaurant
Cabinet approves disinvestment of 5% paid-up capital in ONGCCabinet approves disinvestment of 5% paid-up capital in ONGC
Persistent Systems may test Rs 1450-1470: Yogesh MehtaPersistent Systems may test Rs 1450-1470: Yogesh Mehta
Aircel-Maxis case: A timelineUpdated: September 11, 2014 20:42 IST
Aircel-Maxis case: A timeline
Tweet
April-May 2011: The Aircel-Maxis deal came under the scanner after Aircel owner C. Sivasankaran lodged a complaint with the Central Bureau of Investigation alleging that he was pressurised to sell his stakes to Maxis.
September 2011: The Arbitral Tribunal rejected Mr. Sivasankaran’s allegation regarding breach of obligations on the part of buyers in undertaking an IPO of Aircel. The tribunal directed him to pay Maxis’s legal costs of $7.9 million, of which at least $1.4 million was paid. The award was not challenged.
October 2011: The CBI filed a case alleging that Mr. Sivasankaran, who had applied for spectrum licence, was coerced into selling his company to Maxis. It is later alleged that the Maxis Group, which bought 74 per cent stakes in Aircel in March 2006, invested Rs.742 crore in Sun Direct between 2007 and 2009.
May 2014: The CBI told the Supreme Court that there was difference of opinion between the CBI Director and the prosecution regarding filing of the charge sheet. On reference, the Attorney General opined that there was enough prosecutable evidence.
July 2014: Maxis Communications Berhad on July 25 urged Finance Minister Arun Jaitley that it be treated in a fair manner, citing a contrary opinion by two retired Chief Justices of India.
August 2014: The CBI on August 29 filed charge sheet against former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran and his brother Kalanidhi Maran; T. Ananda Krishnan, owner of Malaysian company Maxis; Ralph Marshall, a senior executive of the Maxis Group, and four companies, including the Sun Direct TV Pvt. Ltd.

US  EU to intensify sanctions on Russia ove...The US and EU are implementing these new measures in light of Russia's actions to further destabilise Ukraine over the last month.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
WASHINGTON: The US and the European Union have decided to "intensify" their coordinated sanctions on Russia in the defence, finance and energy sectors as punishment for its illegal actions in Ukraine, President Barack Obama said today.
"I have said from the very beginning of this crisis that we want to see a negotiated political solution that respects Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity. Together with G-7 and European partners and our other Allies, we have made it clear that we are prepared to impose mounting costs on Russia," Obama said in a statement.
The US and EU are implementing these new measures in light of Russia's actions to further destabilise Ukraine over the last month, including through the presence of heavily armed Russian forces in eastern Ukraine, he said.
"We are watching closely developments since the announcement of the ceasefire and agreement in Minsk, but we are yet to see conclusive evidence that Russia has ceased its efforts to destabilise Ukraine," he said.
Obama said the US and EU will deepen and broaden sanctions in Russia's financial, energy and defense sectors.
"These measures will increase Russia's political isolation as well as the economic costs to Russia, especially in areas of importance to (Russian) President (Vladimir) Putin and those close to him," Obama said.
The Obama Administration will outline the specifics of these new sanctions tomorrow.
Reiterating that the international community continues to seek a genuine negotiated solution to the crisis in Ukraine, Obama said he encourages Putin to work with Ukraine and other international partners within the context of the Minsk agreement and without setting unreasonable conditions to reach a lasting resolution to the conflict.
"If Russia fully implements its commitments, these sanctions can be rolled back. If, instead, Russia continues its aggressive actions and violations of international law, the costs will continue to rise," Obama said.

Twitter speeds up partnership deal with TV c...Twitter speeds up partnership deal with TV channels to drive user growth in India
Jochelle Mendonca, ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 01.18AM IST
Tags:
Aamir Khan
("We want to make Twitter…)
MUMBAI: Twitter is speeding up its partnerships with television channels in India as part of a strategy to drive user growth in one of the company's fastestexpanding markets. The company also launched its Amplify product, which helps networks monetise content, last month with Star Sports and Vodafone .
Television partnerships are a key way in which the company is looking to monetise its user base globally. Last year, it paid $67 million for Bluefin Labs, a startup that uses analytics to tie social media chatter to television. In India, Twitter already has a tie-up with Airtel DTH , which allows customers to view tweets on their television screen. More deals in the space are underway.
"We want to make Twitter the second screen for television channels in India. In keeping with television, I would say stay tuned," said Rishi Jaitly, India market director at Twitter.
India is a strategic growth market for Twitter so the current focus is on driving user growth and less on monetisation.
India will account for the third-largest market for the micro-blogging site, with 18.1 million users by the end of 2014, according to research firm eMarketer. Globally, Twitter has more than 270 million monthly active users.
The TV strategy helps Twitter as it increases the conversation around hit shows and helps the channels by getting new viewers to tune in.
"We've worked with a number of channels like general entertainment channels Colors and Star. Even Doordarshan has a very interesting personality on Twitter. The idea is to educate brands and teach the best practices like talking to your audience and getting the talent involved," said Pratiksha Rao, entertainment partnerships manager at Twitter.
The company is working on a four-pillar strategy to boost user growth — partnering with broadcasters by getting actors on the platform, deploying products such as Twitter missed-call that work on feature phones, and by getting brands involved to drive engagement and advertising spend on the micro-blogging site.
The channels are also using Twitter to drum up audiences for their shows. Star Plus is debuting the promo for the Aamir Khan-hosted Satyamev Jayate on the site by asking fans to tweet a hashtag.
Colors' dance show Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa tweets images from the programme before it airs to try and boost viewership.
News channels have been using Twitter to drive viewer engagement for some time.
"Second-screen devices such as tablets, smartphones and ultrabooks are likely to be the principal force behind social TV experiences. TV and video content providers such as cable companies have a great opportunity to target heavy users with social TV in order to reduce potential churn," Michael Gartenberg, research director at Gartner, said in a note. Helping Twitter boost conversation and engagements around TV are start-ups like Frrole. The company works with a slew of TV channels like TimesNow , UTV and Ten Sports to create a social TV experience.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Alibaba is bringing luxury  fast  to China s...Alibaba is bringing luxury, fast, to China's middle class
By NYT News Service | 12 Sep, 2014, 02.08AM IST
0
Share More
Alibaba’s dominance of China’s online market is down to its logistical capacity to deliver on promises, that may put a dent in American trade deficits
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
By David Gelles
On a cold day in April, a group of New Zealand fishermen set out to harvest 50,000 large oysters from the waters of the South Pacific. Once collected, the briny mollusks were transported to processing facilities, packaged four to a container, sealed in chilled polystyrene containers affixed with bright labelling and put on planes to China.
During the next three days, the oysters travelled thousands of miles to 67 cities across the Chinese mainland. There, they were shipped — still alive — by an army of deliverymen to the homes of thousands of shoppers who had ordered them using Tmall, a website operated by Alibaba, the sprawling internet empire on the verge of an initial public offering that will most likely value it at about $160 billion. It was a logistical feat, transporting oysters from the seabed to the doorsteps of more than 30,000 customers.
But it was more than an exercise in supply-chain management. For Alibaba, it was part of a continuing effort to make the instant gratification of global e-commerce accessible to China's expanding middle class. If the biggest internet company in the world's most populous nation succeeds, it will make everything from culinary delicacies to flashy luxury goods available with a few keystrokes.
The degree to which Alibaba can deliver on this promise will help determine how much the company is ultimately worth and to what extent it can open up the enormous Chinese market to both global retailers and small businesses in search of growth. "It's a huge opportunity for international sellers to tap into that market," said Victor Anthony , an analyst at Topeka Capital Markets .
"Particularly as the Chinese consumer's wallet size is increasing all the time."
The Chinese middle class, those earning from $9,000 to $34,000 a year, is poised to balloon in the next 10 years. More than 75per cent of China's urban consumers will fall into that demographic by 2022, according to a recent report by McKinsey & Co. In turn, demand for luxury goods and exotic foods like oysters is set to surge. "Alibaba is working really hard to attract a higher-end customer," said Kelland Willis , an analyst at Forrester Research .
Taobao, an Alibaba website that is the equivalent of eBay, offers millions of listings, many of dubious provenance. Together, these two sites account for 80per cent of Chinese e-commerce. And that scale makes Alibaba's reach irresistible to international brands hoping to reach Chinese consumers. "There is a massive opportunity for us," said Daniel McKinnon, head of global brand protection at New Balance, the Boston-based sneaker company. "Alibaba is already larger than Amazon and eBay combined, and their market penetration is still relatively low."
Seeking to take advantage of Alibaba's scale, New Balance is among the global brands that have opened a dedicated shop on Tmall. The online store provides a secure way for New Balance to sell authentic goods to Chinese consumers willing to pay full price and gives customers the confidence that they are not buying counterfeits.
Such efforts might also make a small dent in the growing trade deficit with China. The US imported $440.4 billion worth of Chinese goods last year and exported just $121.7 billion to China, according to the US Census Bureau. That resulted in a trade imbalance of $318.7 billion with the country, the highest ever, according to the bureau.
Page 1 of 2

Post protests   China risk  still haunts Jap...Two years after protests, 'China risk' still haunts Japan firms
Reuters Sep 12, 2014, 03.53AM IST
Tags:
China
(To be sure, most Japanese…)
DANYANG: Amid a revival in sales of Japanese goods in China and talk of renewed investment from some big firms such as Toyota, a dusty industrial park near Nanjing offers a cold reality check on the health of ties between Asia's two biggest economies.
Despite offering rent-free premises for the first three years to companies expanding to China, the Japan Automotive Parts Industrial Center (JAPIC), set up in Danyang, 200 km (120 miles) west of Shanghai, in 2011, remains near empty.
A visit to the Danyang park, the brainchild of former Toyota Motor Corp executive Kazuo Azuma, challenges the view that Japan Inc's engagement with China is slowly recovering from the shock of anti-Japanese protests that erupted two years ago.
"Do we see any ray of hope?" asks Azuma, who has spent more than 20 years in China, mostly building factories for Toyota. "To be honest, none at the moment. Japan's full of risk-birds chirping, 'China risk.'"
Azuma's vision was to transplant up to 400 auto parts makers from Japan's industrial heartland, to help them survive the global shift in car demand to emerging economies. China, which is expected to generate annual sales of well above 30 million vehicles by 2020, appears the obvious choice for such firms to establish a base.
But JAPIC has only 24 parts producers in operation - half of what had been envisioned by now.
Azuma and the Danyang local government, which has invested at least 220 million yuan ($36 million) in the project, have called off the second and third phases of construction.
They have also decided to drop "Japan" from the park's name and to try to woo Taiwanese and other suppliers with ties with Japanese producers.
INVESTMENT SLUMP
Tensions between Tokyo and Beijing spiked in September 2012 after Japan nationalised a small chain of disputed islets in the East China Sea, triggering sometimes violent demonstrations and a boycott of Japanese goods by some Chinese consumers.
Firms such as Toyota, Honda Motor Co Ltd and Nissan Motor Co Ltd saw sales slump.
Japan's direct investments to China fell nearly 20 per cent in 2013 and dropped another 40 per cent to 300.8 billion yen ($2.8 billion) during the first half of 2014 compared with a year earlier.
Southeast Asia became a primary destination for Japanese investment, attracting almost three times the amount going to China. During the first half of this year Southeast Asia attracted 878.1 billion yen worth of investments.
Jing Donggen, a senior Danyang government official in charge of the economic development zone where JAPIC is located, thinks the downturn in Japanese interest is temporary.
"We're confident in this programme because there is limited growth opportunity for Japan's small- and medium-sized companies in their homeland," he said.
There is some recent evidence from bigger Japanese companies to support that hope, with the major car makers, for example, seeing some pick-up in sales and making bullish forecasts.
  Honda is aiming to boost volumes by 19 per cent to 900,000 vehicles this year. Toyota, which is also trying to boost sales by about 20 per cent to 1.1 million vehicles in 2014, is considering adding manufacturing capacity again, possibly building a new assembly plant by as early as 2018.
Yet smaller companies remain wary.
Kyowa Metal Works Co., a manual transmission supplier in Yokohama, passed up an opportunity to expand its operations in Wuhan in 2012, opting instead for a 2 billion yen move to open a plant near Jakarta.
"If there are political conflicts in China, who knows. We might not be able to repatriate what we have invested," said Chief Executive Masumi Takashima.
EXPATS LEAVING
In the short-term, it may not matter much to China that Japanese firms, which have long been the top direct investors in China excluding Hong Kong and Taiwan, are now holding back.
Investors from other economies, including Singapore and South Korea, are eagerly taking up the slack. After two decades of development, China's auto industry is also less reliant on foreign expertise and know-how.
But in the longer run, the slowing Japanese investment could deal a blow to the development of Chinese technology, especially if China looks to expand in more cutting-edge areas, such as hydrogen fuel propulsion.
To be sure, most Japanese companies aren't about to give up on China completely. Many of those who have set up operations at JAPIC remain positive.
Konan Kogyo K.K., a small electrostatic painting company based near Toyota City, began operating a metal painting line in Danyang with 50 workers in early 2012 and is contemplating opening another line to double capacity.
"It would be a lie if I said we are not concerned about the political tension between Japan and China," says Konan's Danyang-based manager Hiromitsu Ozaki. "But I think we made the right decision to open shop here."
But other evidence from the ground is bleak. In Beijing and Shanghai, there is an exodus of Japanese expatriates and their families, though air pollution and a general economic slowdown are also blamed, along with the political tensions.
The number of Japanese nationals living in Shanghai and neighbouring Jiangsu fell 18 per cent to 60,300 over the year through October 2013, the first decline since the Japanese consulate in Shanghai began conducting the survey in 1994.
The Japanese school of Beijing's student population has fallen to 480, from more than 600 last year.
Azuma bemoans that Japanese firms no longer appear capable of looking at China objectively.
"If there are 100 news items about China and 10 are bad, all 10 items would make the evening news, but the rest is ignored because anything negative on China sells in Japan," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US threatened Yahoo with huge fine over surv...You are here: Home > Collections > Yahoo
US threatened Yahoo with huge fine over surveillance
AFP Sep 12, 2014, 04.35AM IST
Tags:
Edward Snowden
(The documents shed new light…)
WASHINGTON: US authorities threatened to fine Yahoo $250,000 a day if it failed to comply with a secret surveillance program requiring it to hand over user data in the name of national security, court documents showed Thursday.
The documents, made public in a rare unsealing by a secretive court panel, "underscore how we had to fight every step of the way to challenge the US government's surveillance efforts," Yahoo general counsel Ron Bell said in a blog post.
The documents shed new light on the PRISM program revealed in leaked files from former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden .
The program allowed US intelligence services to sweep up massive amounts of data from major Internet firms including Yahoo and Google .
Bell said 1,500 pages of documents were ordered released by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court in the case dating from 2007. He said that in 2007, the government "amended a key law to demand user information from online services."
"We refused to comply with what we viewed as unconstitutional and overbroad surveillance and challenged the US government's authority," he said.
Yahoo's court challenge failed and it was forced to hand over the data. The court records were kept sealed.
"At one point, the US government threatened the imposition of $250,000 in fines per day if we refused to comply," Bell said.
Since the Snowden leaks, Yahoo and others have been seeking to make public these court documents to show they were forced to comply with government requests and made numerous attempts to fight these efforts.
The opening of these court dockers to the public "is extremely rare," Bell said, adding that the company was in the process of making the 1,500 pages publicly available online.
"We consider this an important win for transparency, and hope that these records help promote informed discussion about the relationship between privacy, due process, and intelligence gathering," Bell added.
But he said that "despite the declassification and release, portions of the documents remain sealed and classified to this day, unknown even to our team."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Health developers want to see more from Appl...Health developers, doctors want to see more from Apple Watch
By Reuters | 12 Sep, 2014, 05.15AM IST
Technology pundits were quick to predict the demise of most fitness wristbands and smartwatches when Apple Inc launched its Apple Watch.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
SAN FRANCISCO: Technology pundits were quick to predict the demise of most fitness wristbands and smartwatches when Apple Inc launched its Apple Watch. But healthcare professionals and fitness junkies were left wanting to see more.
Observers say there is little evidence for now that the device's fitness capabilities surpass the competition. Others, hoping for groundbreaking health features from a company whose Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook spoke of how sensors are "set to explode," were left wondering what's in store for the product.
Two people familiar with Apple's plans told Reuters the company is planning to unveil richer health features and additional sensors in later versions, the first iteration not hitting the market until early 2015.
The sources could not be identified because Apple's plans for the watch are private.
The Apple Watch , unveiled on Tuesday, is designed to be used alongside the iPhone. Independently of a mobile device, the watch can track activity: it uses an accelerometer to measure your movement as well as heart rate. Runners can also listen to music through a bluetooth headphone. Many connected wristbands already on the market, such as Jawbone's UP or the Fitbit, can do all that and more.
At this point, it's unclear whether the watch will appeal to the two consumer groups most in need of health data: Self-professed "quantified selfers" who regularly track their own body metrics such as food intake and sleep, and those battling chronic medical conditions and their care providers.
"I'd need to see data that it's useful before buying the watch or recommending it to colleagues," said Joshua Landy, a Toronto, Canada-based critical care specialist and the chief medical officer for Figure 1, a health startup.
Landy said he would look at patients' data from the watch, but would be equally interested in data collected in a notebook.
Danielle Levitas, a technology analyst for IDC, described the health and fitness aspects so far as "table stakes."
"I was expecting there to be some true healthcare applications that would take it a step further beyond wellness," she said. Levitas noted that the watch did not track sleep, like Jawbone's UP wrist band, but said she did not expect this would be a deal breaker for most consumers. Her primary frustration with the watch was the decision to offload GPS and Wi-FI to the phone, presumably to keep the price tag at a modest $349, she said.
Apple declined to comment on future health offerings for its watch.
INTELLIGENT POSITIONING
Apple may have longer-term plans for the watch as it moves into the nascent but highly fertile field of mobile health. Unlike, say, an iPhone, a wrist-worn device can pick up on far more body signals, and in real time.
Policy experts say that Apple may have deliberately avoided mentioning medical use-cases for the watch for now to avoid attracting attention from the US Food and Drug Administration. In its current form, the watch would not pose a threat to makers of mobile medical devices used by patients with chronic conditions.
Page 1 of 2

Board of Nestle India declares second interim dividendBoard of Nestle India declares second interim dividend
Unpopular  Defence Forces Win Hearts as 32 000 RescuedUnpopular  Defence Forces Win Hearts as 32 000 Rescued
MFs exposure to bank stks at record high of Rs 56.6K crMFs exposure to bank stks at record high of Rs 56.6K cr
Nikkei rises to 8-month high as yen weakens to six-year lowNikkei rises to 8-month high as yen weakens to six-year low
Sensex  Nifty end the day flat; Sun Pharma slides on US FDA auditHi Guest
Sensex, Nifty end the day flat; Sun Pharma slides on US FDA audit
The Sensex and the Nifty dropped for a third straight session on profit booking and ongoing worries of a fear hike in the US. The Sensex ended the day lower by 61 points, while the Nifty closed lower by 11 points. Sun Pharma dropped almost 5 per cent in trade ...

Debarring director-defaulters from banks unconstitutional  says Gujarat High CourtDebarring director-defaulters from banks unconstitutional  says Gujarat High Court
Stay invested in NHPC: Akshata DeshmukhStay invested in NHPC: Akshata Deshmukh
Jayalaithaa writes to all chief ministers on GSTJayalaithaa writes to all chief ministers on GST
Open for talks on 13th Amendment: Rajapaksainternational relations
‘Grateful to India for its stand on the U.N. Human Rights Council vote’
Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa is open for a dialogue with the Tamil National Alliance (TNA) on the implementation of the 13th Amendment to the Sri Lankan Constitution, which devolves more powers to provinces in the island nation.
In an exclusive interview to TheHindu, Mr. Rajapaksa denied reports that he was upset about the meeting Prime Minister Narendra Modi had with six leaders of the Tamil-majority North and Eastern provinces. It was their right in a democracy “to meet anyone,” he said.
He hoped to meet Mr. Modi on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly, if their schedules permitted, later this month. According to officials, Mr. Rajapaksa and Mr. Modi’s schedules would overlap for a day and efforts were on to find time for a meeting.
Implementation of the 13th Amendment was one of India’s key demands, and Mr. Modi had told a TNA delegation that “he was dismayed by reports that the Sri Lankan government proposed to dilute the 13th Amendment,” officials said.
In the interview, President Rajapaksa said he was grateful for India’s stand on the U.N. Human Rights Council vote, where New Delhi refused to endorse the demand for an inquiry by an international agency into allegations of “war crimes” by the Sri Lankan Army against the LTTE in 2009. “Our government is conducting local investigations, but we won’t allow them to internationalise it,” Mr. Rajapaksa said. “The next time it [the UNHRC] will say that there must be an international inquiry into Kashmir. What would be our position? Whether it is against India or Sri Lanka, we will not allow an external inquiry.”
He conceded that the inquiry into nearly 20,000 “disappearances” during the war was pending, and they still had not concluded who was responsible for the death of Balachandran Prabakaran, son of LTTE leader Velupillai Prabakaran.
In photographs published in TheHindu dating back to May 2009, the boy was seen being guarded by men in uniform, suggesting it was a custodial killing. “We are investigating it still ... I don’t believe that [it was carried out by the military]. But if it is true, I must know. That is why we are inquiring. In a war, when both sides are fighting, how can you say who shot at whom?” he said.
Significantly, the Sri Lankan President said he would not rule out early presidential elections, as reports suggest, in January 2015.
He also rejected concerns in India about the growing Chinese investment in Sri Lanka, even as he prepares for the visit of President Xi Jinping on September 16, when the two countries are expected to sign a Free Trade Agreement. “India has nothing to worry about from China in Sri Lanka,” Mr. Rajapaksa said in response to a question about a contract on Air Force maintenance that was recently awarded to the Chinese company CATIC. “Until I am here, I can promise that.”

IDFC up 5%  QIB opensSep 11, 2014, 10.57 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IDFC gains 5%, QIB issue opens; Morgan Stanley ups target
Morgan Stanley has an overweight rating on the stock with increased target price at Rs 200 from Rs 175 earlier. The brokerage estimates that the RBI’s infra financing norms should lift IDFC’s sustainable return on equity (ROE) from low double digits to 16.5 percent by FY22.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IDFC gains 5%, QIB issue opens; Morgan Stanley ups target
Morgan Stanley has an overweight rating on the stock with increased target price at Rs 200 from Rs 175 earlier. The brokerage estimates that the RBI’s infra financing norms should lift IDFC’s sustainable return on equity (ROE) from low double digits to 16.5 percent by FY22.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors bought more shares of  IDFC on Thursday after the state-run infrastructure financing company decided to open QIB issue on September 10. The stock gained as much as 5 percent in early trade, in addition to 2 percent upside in previous session.
"Subsequent to the approval accorded by the shareholders of the company on July 29 to issue and allot equity shares for an amount aggregating up to Rs 2,000 crore to qualified institutional buyers (QIBs), the capital raise committee of the board of directors has decided to open the issue on September 10 for subscription by QIBs under the said placement," said the company in its filing.
The company has fixed a floor price for share sale at Rs 143.70 apiece.
Meanwhile, Morgan Stanley has an overweight rating on the stock with increased target price at Rs 200 from Rs 175 earlier. The brokerage estimates that the RBI’s infra financing norms should lift IDFC’s sustainable return on equity (ROE) from low double digits to 16.5 percent by FY22.
Investors should look at IDFC as a high-quality Indian private bank with a strong growth profile, it added. According to the report, near-term earnings progression will remain lackluster, as IDFC is preparing for its conversion into a bank in September–October 2015.
However, as that date comes closer, Morgan Stanley expects market perceptions to shift.
 
At 1.2x F16e book value, the lowest among private banks, with a strong balance sheet and good management team, IDFC is a good play on India’s growth and structural reform, the brokerage said.
At 10:32 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 150.75, up Rs 5.80, or 4 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

HPCL up on bullish viewSep 11, 2014, 12.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
HPCL gains 3%; Macquarie raises target, falling crude aids
Investors have been buying oil marketing stocks like HPCL and BPCL with a hope to see zero losses on diesel. Earlier, the government has also said the under-recovery on high speed diesel (HSD) applicable for first fortnight of September will go down to Rs 0.08 per litre. This was Rs 1.78 per litre during second fortnight of August 2014.

Tata Motors falls 1%Sep 11, 2014, 01.38 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tata Motors falls 1% on Jaguar Land Rover August sales
JLR sold 30249 units in August, down 11 percent compared to previous month but up 9 percent compared to same month last year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tata Motors falls 1% on Jaguar Land Rover August sales
JLR sold 30249 units in August, down 11 percent compared to previous month but up 9 percent compared to same month last year.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Tata Motors fell as much as 1 percent intraday Thursday after its UK subsidiary Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) reported weak sales growth in August.
JLR sold 30249 units in August, down 11 percent compared to previous month but up 9 percent compared to same month last year. Jaguar sales dropped 16.5 percent M-o-M and 6 percent Y-o-Y to 5074 units while Land Rover sales declined 10.5 percent month-on-month (up 12 percent year-on-year) to 25175 units.
The fall in sales on month-on-month basis was because of production constraints at assembly lines three months prior to XE launch, name plate registration holiday in August-September in Europe and muted demand across few developed markets like US.
In last week, JLR US retail sales fell 14.8 percent Y-o-Y to 5673 units.
Meanwhile, the British luxury car maker on Tuesday night launched the new ‘baby' XE sports car , the first new model in a range designed to widen its appeal to women and younger drivers and take on bigger rivals such as BMW, Audi and Mercedes-Benz.
The new Jaguar XE (small Jag) can take Jaguar brand to the next level and give this Tata Motors premium brand a volume boost, believes Nomura. The research firm is building in sales of 60,000 units from the model in FY16, but adds that it has a potential to sell more than 100,000 units annually. The model will start selling from early 2015.
At 12:59 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 513, down Rs 3.30, or 0.64 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Brent Vs Nifty: 3yr recapSep 11, 2014, 03.12 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Chart of the day: Brent crude Vs Nifty in past 3 years
The price of Brent crude fell below the USD 100 a barrel mark for the first time since June 2013 on Monday as data from China and the US pointed to slower economic growth in the world’s largest oil consumers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Chart of the day: Brent crude Vs Nifty in past 3 years
The price of Brent crude fell below the USD 100 a barrel mark for the first time since June 2013 on Monday as data from China and the US pointed to slower economic growth in the world’s largest oil consumers.
Post your opinion here
Sagar Salvi & Riken Mehta
moneycontrol.com
The price of Brent crude fell below the USD 100 a barrel mark for the first time since June 2013 on Monday as data from China and the US pointed to slower economic growth in the world’s largest oil consumers. Investors have driven global prices down 15 percent from mid-June highs as fears about a supply disruption in Iraq or elsewhere faded and concerns about weak global demand grew.
This has given more legs to the extended bull run in Indian equities. While crude prices came off, foreign institutional investors pumped in a net of Rs 1,162 crore into Indian equities, which is expected to help the Central government and the Reserve Bank of India to rein in fiscal deficit and inflation.

Profit booking drags Sensex below 27K; mid & smallcap shineSep 11, 2014, 05.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Profit booking drags Sensex below 27K; mid & smallcap shine
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices were up 1-1.5 percent. The Midcap index gained for the ninth consecutive session while Smallcap rallied for the fifth straight day.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Profit booking drags Sensex below 27K; mid & smallcap shine
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices were up 1-1.5 percent. The Midcap index gained for the ninth consecutive session while Smallcap rallied for the fifth straight day.
Post your opinion here
16:35
Moneycontrol Bureau
Equity benchmarks fell for the third consecutive session on Thursday but the broader markets retained their outperformance supported by fertiliser, PSU banks, technology, auto and auto ancillary stocks.
The 30-share BSE Sensex closed below the 27000 level, down 61.54 points to 26995.87 while the 50-share NSE Nifty fell 8.40 points to 8085.70. However, the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices were up 1-1.5 percent. The Midcap index gained for the ninth consecutive session while Smallcap rallied for the fifth straight day.
Experts feel the current pullback is a good thing as it would help the market to consolidate and build a strong base for the next leg of upmove. Infact, they advise buying on these dips because fundamentals of the economy started improving.
" I don't think the correction worries me at all . On the contrary it is quite positive... it gives an opportunity to people who were left out, it gives an opportunity for the additional money to come in at lower price points, lower valuations," said Kunj Bansal, ED & CIO, Centrum Wealth Management, adding that overall the market continued to be in an uptrend.
According to Nitin Jain, principal investment manager, Kotak Mahindra (UK) Partner, earnings growth will be the key driver for Indian stock market from hereon.
State-run oil & gas producer ONGC, top coal miner Coal India and hydro power generation company NHPC were down 3.6 percent, 3.5 percent and 4.9 percent, respectively after cabinet committee on economic affairs approved stake sale in these companies. The government will sell 5 percent stake sale in ONGC, 10 percent in Coal India and 11.36 percent in NHPC.
Drug maker Sun Pharma topped the buying list, down 4.3 percent on US drug regulator's surprise audit at the company’s Halol facility (which contributes 40 percent of US sales and 25 percent to consolidated profit) in Gujarat. In a ripple effect, Ranbaxy Labs, which is going to be a subsidiary of Sun soon, fell 4.6 percent.
Tata Motors declined 0.4 percent on reporting 11 percent degrowth month-on-month in August sales by UK subsidiary Jaguar Land Rover. Utility vehicle maker Mahindra and Mahindra fell for the second day, down 0.65 percent.
Top private sector lenders ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank saw marginal loss but rival Axis Bank gained 0.2 percent as Macquarie maintains outperform rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 447. According to the brokerage, the stress on incremental asset quality of the bank is easing.
However, PSU banks saw huge buying interest with the top lender State Bank of India gaining 1.9 percent. Syndicate Bank, Union Bank, Bank of India, OBC and Allahabad Bank gained 2.5-4 percent.
Among others, state-run power equipment maker BHEL, private power producer Tata Power, FMCG major HUL and two-wheeler maker Hero Motocorp climbed 1-1.5 percent.
Largecap IT stocks were mixed in trade but midcap IT names were strong in trade. TCS and Wipro fell 0.3 percent and 1.4 percent, respectively while Infosys rose 0.4 percent but Polaris Financial Technology and HCL Infosystems rallied 5 percent each.
In the broader space, new F&O additions like Eicher Motors, Motherson Sumi, Mindtree, SKS Microfinance and TVS Motor rallied 2-9 percent.
Fertiliser stocks too were in action today with the GNFC, Chambal Fertilisers, Coromandel International, FACT, Madras Fertiliser, National Fertilisers and Zuari Agro Chemical surged 4-11 percent.
Gujarat State Fertilizers and Chemicals was locked at 20 percent upper circuit on company’s bullish outlook and confidence. In an analyst and fund manager meet the management said turnover of the company will rise to Rs 15000 crore over next five years. It is expecting FY15 to deliver almost 100 percent growth in profitability as fertiliser business has picked up.
Among others, HOEC, Future Consumer, Texmo Pipes, Balaji Telefilms, Gabriel India, Maxwell Industries, Abbott India and Infinite Computer spiked 10-20 percent.
About two shares advanced for every one share declining on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
14:00

Sebi Censures BSE for OFS Lapses; Detailed Probe UnderwayYou are here: Home Market
Sebi Censures BSE for OFS Lapses; Detailed Probe Underway
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 19:30 (IST)
Mid-cap State-run Banks Gain on Fresh Long Positions
Mumbai: Finding BSE guilty of lapses while conducting Rs 6,000 crore share sale of PSU major NMDC, Sebi today censured the bourse for its conduct and asked it to take necessary actions after an independent review.
Besides, the capital markets regulator would conduct a "detailed probe" into confirmation of bids, worth about Rs 682 crore, by Citibank placed for the Offer For Sale (OFS) that took place nearly two years ago.
In its order, Sebi asked BSE to engage "one or more independent consultants to review the entire sequence of events in the matter, the process followed, checks in place, systems employed while accepting the OFS bids by BSE."
The consultant would need to "bring out the shortcomings, if any, and suggest remedial measures within a period of three months. BSE shall then fix the responsibility internally, both in terms of processes and personnel, and take appropriate action," Sebi said.
The exchange would need to inform Sebi within further three months as to how the recommendations of the consultant, along with the regulator's directions, have been implemented.
The matter relates to the government selling nearly 39.65 crore shares of NMDC through OFS mechanism of the BSE and NSE on December 12, 2012. A probe by Sebi into the matter has now shown violations by BSE to Sebi's circular on operational guidelines for conducting OFS.
"I hereby censure BSE for its conduct as observed in this Order and direct it to be careful and cautious in its dealings in the securities market and comply with all the legal requirements that govern its functions as a stock exchange," Sebi's whole-time member Prashant Saran said in his order.
After the closure of the share sale that day at 3.30 pm, Sebi had sought bid data from the two exchanges, to which BSE first stated that the final cumulative bids received at its platform were for 29.91 crore.
In another intimation to Sebi later that evening, BSE revised the figures upward by 4.55 crore shares to state that the final cumulative bids received by it were for 34.47 crore shares.
Subsequently, Sebi sought clarification from BSE about the huge difference between the two figures.
BSE said that all the bids had come in before the cut off time of 3:30 PM on December 12, 2012, but it had received a facsimile request from one of its authorized clearing bank, Citibank, on behalf of custodian, Citibank NA at 3:55 PM in respect of updation of collateral of approximately Rs 902 crore with respect to the bid for 4.55 crore shares.
"However, due to high volumes of bids received prior to the expiry of the issue closure, the collateral deposit request of Citibank NA could not be uploaded on the exchange system in time," BSE said.
The exchange further submitted that Citibank was not in a position to confirm the bids received for the 4.55 crore shares at that time and therefore the data relating to these bids could not be communicated to Sebi in first letter.
BSE said that it allowed Citibank to confirm the bids between 6.22-6.31 pm after updating the collateral received in the system and Sebi was subsequently informed about the revised final figures at 7:04 PM.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 19:28 (IST)

Adityanath should be disqualified from Lok Sabha: Congress#adityanath #congress #bjp #sanjay nirupam #election commission #aicc
New Delhi: Congress on Thursday demanded "disqualification" of controversial BJP MP Adityanath, who was reprimanded for "provoking feelings of enmity" during a recent speech in Noida.
"Yogi Adityanath is a fit case for disqualification. The way he was violating the law despite an earlier order of the Election Commission, I am of the view that he should be disqualified from his membership of Lok Sabha," AICC secretary Sanjay Nirupam said. He recalled that in the past late Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray was disenfranchised for six years while some MLAs of Shiv Sena were disqualified on similar charges.
Two days ahead of bypolls in UP, the EC also asked the state poll officials to ensure filing of an FIR against him. The EC's rebuke for the Hindutva hardliner for allegedly invoking "religion" and making "appeal on this ground to secure votes" for his party came a day after he was booked for defying a ban on election meeting in Lucknow.
"Yogi Adityanath is a fit case for disqualification," AICC secretary Sanjay Nirupam said.
The poll body in its order also cautioned the BJP leader to be careful in his future public utterances.

Oscar Pistorius cleared of murder  culpable homicide verdict to comeBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

J&K floods: Many stranded people reluctant to leave their homesDress report row: Hyderabad stands up for Deepika Padukone
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Savita Halappanavar case: Nine hospital staff members disciplined#savita halappanavar #ireland #abortion #medical negligence
London: Nine members of an Irish medical team that treated Indian dentist Savita Halappanavar, who died after being denied a potentially life-saving abortion when she was found to be miscarrying in 2012, have been disciplined with written warnings issued to some of them.
The Health Service Executive (HSE) on Thursday confirmed that disciplinary action has been taken against nine staff members at University Hospital Galway following a probe into the death of Savita in October 2012.
Twenty-one other staff members at the hospital have been told that they have "no case to answer", RTE News reported.
Last November, the West/North West Hospital Group ordered a review of the actions of all staff members who treated Savita.
The HSE said the disciplinary process against most of the nine staffers involved is now complete.
It said warnings, including written warnings, were issued to some staff and pre-procedural informal counselling with training and mentoring was applied to others. There have been no dismissals or suspensions.
Galway University Hospital said the nine were part of the larger medical team looking after Savita before she died from blood poisoning.
A solicitor representing Savita's husband Praveen has said neither he nor his client were aware that disciplinary action was taking place against HSE staff members who cared for her.
"The first I learnt of it was this morning, early this morning, when I received contact from RTE looking for a reaction from me. I would have appreciated, or I would have expected out of courtesy, that the HSE would have communicated this to us so that I could have communicated to my client and, thereafter, get instructions from him as to what his reaction was," Gerard O'Donnell said.
31-year-old Savita had demanded that her pregnancy be terminated after fearing the foetus was dead and likely to give her sepsis. Her request was turned down after medical staff said they detected a foetal heartbeat. She was 17 weeks pregnant and miscarrying when she fell ill.
Savita along with her husband Praveen, repeatedly asked for a termination because they believed her life was in danger.
Her death had triggered a massive debate in the predominantly Catholic country over the issue of life-saving abortions and resulted in a new law that allows abortions under extreme circumstances.
Irish Parliament voted to legalise abortion in cases of medical emergencies as well as the risk of suicide in July 2013.
The inquest into her death returned a verdict of medical misadventure.
Last November, the West/North West Hospital Group ordered a review of the actions of all staff members who treated Savita.

State records good show in DLHS 4Updated: September 12, 2014 02:22 IST
State records good show in DLHS 4
C. Maya
Tweet
Major gains in immunisation coverage for women
Kerala has emerged as one of the well-performing States in the District-Level Family Health Survey 4 (DLHS 4) (2012-13) undertaken by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. There have been significant improvements in immunisation coverage and ante-natal care for women.
The survey covered all 14 districts in the State. The data was collected between April 2013 and February 2014.
A significant factor has been the vast improvement in the utilisation of public sector hospitals by the people. About 45.8 per cent of the deliveries in the State take place in government health institutions, the survey showed. This was 35.3 per cent in DLHS 3 (2007-08)
The percentage of C-section deliveries in government health institutions has gone up from 9.6 per cent in DLHS 3 to 15 per cent in DLHS 4, while the same in private health institutions has come down slightly from 21.6 per cent to 21 (which could be due to the reduction in the total number of deliveries in private sector hospitals).
The average out-of-pocket expenditure per delivery in a public health facility in the State is Rs.5,300, as per DLHS 4.
The percentage of fully immunised children between 12-23 months in the State has gone up from 79.5 per cent to 82.5 in DLHS 4.
Kasaragod showed the lowest percentage of fully immunised children in the State at just 40.5, a sheer drop from the DLHS 3 figure of 87.3 per cent.
The DLHS is undertaken to create reproductive and child-health database at the district-level across the country.
The importance of DLHS 4 is that it will give an idea of how far the National Rural Health Mission (2005-2012) has succeeded in bettering health delivery in public health institutions.
For the first time, DLHS 4 has focussed on the prevalence of chronic illness, blood sugar level and hypertension in those above 18 years.

Why investors remain unfazed by ISISWhy investors remain unfazed by ISIS
By Matt Egan  @mattmegan5 September 11, 2014: 4:22 PM ET
 
What it could cost to destroy ISIS
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
ISIS is striking fear in the hearts of millions around the world, but it's not even making investors flinch.
In just a matter of months the terror group has reshaped boundaries in the Middle East, dramatically shifted public opinion in the U.S. and provoked a Western-led bombing campaign.
Yet Wall Street is largely unfazed. That's because the threat posed by ISIS hasn't sparked a spike in oil prices. In fact, crude oil is trading about $15 lower right now than it did at this point last year.
The West hasn't been hit directly by an attack, and there are signs the terror group's momentum has been halted.
"It's not affecting sentiment here. It's being seen as not our problem yet," said Michael Block, chief strategist at Rhino Trading Partners.
Related: Why aren't gas prices spiking?
Oil markets shrug: Despite the ISIS problem and other geopolitical headaches, the S&P 500 is trading a mere 1% below its all-time highs.
And mere hours after President Obama laid out a strategy for defeating ISIS, crude oil fell below $91 a barrel to its lowest level since May 2013.
That's mostly a good thing for U.S. stocks because lower energy prices ease costs for consumers and businesses.
The lack of an oil price shock is being driven by increased American production and weakening demand in China and Europe. It's also a reflection of recent U.S. military successes in Iraq.
Related: App maker ditches terrorist-tainted name
"There is a feeling in the markets that this can be contained to a fairly compact area of the world. ISIS's momentum has faded -- maybe they have peaked," said Greg Valliere, chief political strategist at the Potomac Research Group.
U.S. bond bump: Arguably the only corner of the financial world that has felt the ISIS effect is the bond market.
Related: More US families own cats than stocks
The terror concerns, coupled with worries about the Ukraine-Russia and Israel-Gaza situations, have helped keep Treasury yields extremely low. That's because during times of fear, investors usually flock to the safety of U.S. government debt.
The low bond yields are actually a positive for the stock market because they make equities look more attractive by comparison. Low bond yields also translate to cheap borrowing costs for consumers and businesses -- another good thing for stocks.
Related: Should you buy ISIS? No, not that one
Terror threat looms: Of course, the ISIS problem could become a problem for investors very quickly if the group carried out an attack on Western interests or even on the U.S. homeland.
"Heaven forbid if they were to take a terrorist action on our shores, that would certainly flip over the apple cart," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities.
Likewise, a failure to slow ISIS down and denigrate its organization could cause a "drop in confidence" among investors, Hogan said.
The cost of the escalating military actions in Iraq and Syria also bears watching. The Pentagon recently said the operations are costing an average of $7.5 million per day.
 
The cost of going back to Iraq
But concerns about the U.S. fiscal situation have largely faded in recent years. Valliere expects the U.S. to end the fiscal year with deficits below 3% of GDP -- hardly alarming levels by recent standards.
"No one is afraid of spending here. The bond vigilantes have had their thunder stolen," said Block.
Don't forget about Russia, Iran: The biggest geopolitical concerns in the medium term aren't related to ISIS at all.
Valliere is concerned about the potential for Russia to advance on another former Soviet satellite like Belarus or Estonia. The Russia issue has had far more economic impact as Western sanctions on Moscow continue to ricochet back on Europe's anemic economy.
But the most worrisome potential crisis in Valliere's mind would emerge if the negotiations over Iran's nuclear program collapse, provoking Israel to launch a preemptive attack.
"That could truly unnerve the markets," he said.
First Published: September 11, 2014: 1:39 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Here are the five most rate-sensitive bank stocks to bet onCanara Bank
(Slowdown in corporate borrowings…)
Every month, the Street closely tracks the inflation data, which is crucial for the RBI to take a call on interest rates. While the government would declare the inflation data for August on Friday, we pick five banks which are most sensitive to rates.
These banks have higher bulk deposits (deposits from corporates) and higher holding in debt securities. Slowdown in corporate borrowings has led to lower growth, and correction in debt securities (from higher interest rates) has led to mark-to-market losses for these banks. They may also post the biggest gains in profitability and stock returns in case there's an interest rate cut, or vice versa, in case rates remain high for the next few quarters.
Yes Bank
Wholesale deposits constitute 26 per cent of Yes Bank's total deposits, which is one of the highest among private banks. The bank is heavily into short-term corporate loans, where rise in rates earlier were passed on to customers. Although demand for working capital loan had been robust last fiscal, it will not be sustainable due to continued slowdown in the economy. In case interest rates come down, the bank may be able to maintain its net interest margins. The recent QIP has increased its Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio to 13 per cent, which will help it grow at a decent rate over the next few years.
Bank of India
Large public sector banks such as Bank of India have a high proportion of investment portfolio. As a result, changes in interest rates have a significant impact on their overall profits. The investments , unless classified as held-tomaturity, have to be marked-to-market every quarter. Hence, an increase in bond prices, which are held under the investment portfolio, may lead to gains when rates come down.
Canara Bank
Canara Bank's Current Account and Savings Account, or CASA, is just 24.5 per cent of total deposits, against more than 30 per cent for most other banks, which is one of the lowest among PSBs. The bank relies more on wholesale and retail deposits for credit growth. Wholesale deposits are generally subscribed by corporates and institutions which are more sensitive to interest rates and offer lower margins.
IndusInd Bank
IndusInd Bank is involved in high-yielding working capital and vehicle financing in a big way. However, the bank's NIM dipped last quarter due to higher lending to low-yielding corporate sector. Its NIM dipped to 3.66 per cent in the June quarter from 3.75 per cent at the end of the March quarter. Lower rate may revive lending in working capital and vehicle financing and lead to margin improvement in future.
Oriental Bank of Commerce
Mid-sized OBC has underperformed the broader Bank Nifty index over the last one year due to higher stressed assets. In addition, the bank's CASA was 24 per cent of its total assets, which is below the average of public sector banks. The combined effect has led to lower credit growth for the bank in the last few quarters. At the end of FY14, it had a Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio of 8.57 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

BSE faces Sebi flak over NMDC share saleYou are here: Home > Collections > Bse
BSE faces Sebi flak over NMDC share sale
ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 05.34AM IST
Tags:
Antique Stock Broking
(Sebi rules mandate that…)
MUMBAI: Capital market regulator Sebi has pulled up BSE for flouting norms during the offer for sale (OFS) of shares of state-owned miner NMDC in 2012. It has questioned the stock exchange's decision to accept bids for 4.55 crore shares after the deadline.
The regulator has also directed BSE to engage one or more independent consultants to review the entire sequence of events, the process followed, checks in place, systems employed while accepting the OFS bids by it. "The consultant should bring out the shortcomings, if any, and suggest remedial measures within three months. BSE shall then fix the responsibility internally, both in terms of processes and personnel, and take appropriate action," Sebi's whole-time member Prashant Saran said in his order.
The regulator said it would also conduct a detailed probe into the confirmation of bids by Citibank NA. On December 12, 2012, the promoters of NMDC sold 39.64 crore shares through the OFS route. But the share sales came under the regulatory scanner after Sebi sought bid data from the stock exchange which revealed that the exchange had accepted bids from investors for 4.5 crore shares after 3.30 pm --the cut-off time.
The regulator alleged that even though bids were placed by the custodian Citibank NA within the cutoff time, the transfer of funds to the clearing corporation had taken place only at 5.09 pm on December 12, 2012, and the bids were confirmed much later between 6.22 pm and 6.31 pm.
Sebi rules mandate that the placing of orders and funds on the exchange system in an OFS should take place during the trading hours only. In the case of institutional trades, the custodians are given additional half an hour time post the close of trading session for confirmation of the bids with the available funds.
During NMDC's OFS, several bids were placed with BSE by Citigroup Global Markets India , DSP Merrill Lynch , Axis Capital and Antique Stock Broking aggregating 4.55 crore shares of NMDC for confirmation by the custodian, Citibank NA.
All the bids had been placed before 3.30 pm on the OFS platform of BSE. At around 3.55 pm, prior to the expiry of the half an hour post close session, BSE had received a fax from Citibank informing that at the request of the custodian, the collateral of approximately Rs 905 crore in respect of the 4.55 crore shares bid has been received for the credit of bank account of the Indian Clearing Corporation Limited held with it.
However, the collateral deposit request of the custodian could not be uploaded on the exchange system in time, on account of an inadvertent human error and due to large volume of bids received in the last half an hour before the close of trading. Therefore, Citibank was permitted to formally confirm the bid for 4.55 crore shares in the system between 06.22 pm to 06:30 pm.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Crude rises as U.S. slaps fresh sanctions on RussiaSep 12, 2014, 12.13 AM IST  | Source: Investing.com
Crude rises as U.S. slaps fresh sanctions on Russia
Crude rises as U.S. slaps fresh sanctions on Russia
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Crude rises as U.S. slaps fresh sanctions on Russia
Crude rises as U.S. slaps fresh sanctions on Russia
Post your opinion here
 
Investing.com - Investing.com - Oil prices shot up on Wednesday after the U.S. said it would join its European allies and slapped fresh sanctions on Russia on accusation of meddling in the Ukraine conflict, which stoked fears a ceasefire could end and allow fighting to disrupt crude supply.
In the New York Mercantile Exchange, West Texas Intermediate crude oil for delivery in October traded up 1.39% at $92.95 a barrel during U.S. trading. New York-traded oil futures hit a session low of $90.46 a barrel and a high of $92.98 a barrel.
The October contract settled down 1.16% at $91.67 a barrel on Wednesday.
Nymex oil futures were likely to find support at $90.46 a barrel, the session low, and resistance at $93.94 a barrel, Tuesday's high.
U.S. President Barack Obama said earlier Washington will join the European Union and slap fresh sanctions on Russia, accusing it of meddling in neighbor Ukraine's internal conflict.
Sanctions will target Russia's financial, energy, and defense sectors and will take effect on Friday, when further details will be released.
The move, which stoked fears of conflict-related supply disruptions from Russia if the move ends a ceasefire, offset bearish data.
Earlier Thursday, the International Energy Agency lowered its forecast for oil demand growth this year for the third month in a row, calling the recent slowdown in demand 'nothing short of remarkable.'
The agency said it expects global oil demand to grow by 900,000 barrels a day in 2014, a decrease of 65,000 barrels a day compared with last month's forecast and down by 300,000 barrels a day since July.
Separately, on the ICE Futures Exchange in London, Brent oil futures for October delivery were up 0.12% at US$98.16 a barrel, while the spread between Brent and U.S. crude contracts stood at US$5.21 a barrel.
Investing.com offers an extensive set of professional tools for the financial markets.
Read more News on Investing.com and download the new Investing.com apps for Android and iOS!

Will mimicking mutual funds make money for retail investorsAshok Leyland
(In the past 10 days, asset…)
For years, local fund managers have picked up more winners from a mixed bag of mid- and small-cap stocks than their foreign counterparts. What possibly helped the former lot was continuous monitoring of these companies, regular interactions with managements and a conscious decision to go beyond the balance sheets.
In the past 10 days, asset management companies of HDFC, IDFC, Reliance and UTI have bought shares of some small and little-known companies such as Cigniti Technologies, BL Kashyap & Sons, Automotive Axles, Carborundum Universal and Sanghi Industries. But, should retail investors ape them? ET's Rajesh Mascarenhas analyses...
Automotive Axles
Automotive Axles, the country's largest independent manufacturer of rear drive axle assemblies, is a joint venture of the Kalyani Group and Meritor Inc, US. Ashok Leyland, Tata Motors, Volvo India and SML Isuzu are some of its clients. A week ago, UTI Mutual Fund bought 76,369 shares of the company for Rs 655 a piece. The stock has risen 173 per cent since January. The company has posted a 16 per cent growth in sales at Rs 187 crore for the quarter ended June 2014, while its profit doubled to Rs 5.67 crore. Though valuations remain expensive at 70 times, its trailing 12-month earnings, investors with higher risk appetite may buy this stock.
Cigniti Technologies
Cigniti is an independent software testing services company with a market-cap of Rs 838 crore. In the past 16 years it has worked with Indian and US companies to deliver software through a combination of onsite consulting and offshore delivery. The shares of the company doubled since January to Rs 403 on Thursday. The company's revenue jumped 71 per cent to Rs 259 crore for the year ended March 2014 from Rs 151 crore in the previous year. Net profit grew 411 per cent to Rs 25.55 crore from Rs 5 crore in the previous year. Its reported earnings per share was Rs 12.27, a growth of 361 per cent over the previous year. IDFC Mutual Fund has bought 3 lakh shares of Cigniti at Rs 365. This is a counter for high-risk investors.
Carborundum Universal
HDFC Mutual Fund has purchased 10 lakh shares of Carborundum at Rs 188 per share. Carborundum is currently trading at 19 times oneyear forward P/E, a 45 per cent premium to its eight-year historical average and a 39 per cent premium to its fouryear historical average. The company is facing headwinds across segments due to weak demand and high input costs. However, analysts expect EBITDA margins of the company to improve from FY15, resulting in higher EPS and RoE. Further, the pace of industrial recovery and operating leverage should lead to sharp earnings upgrade for FY16. The stock has risen 33 per cent so far this year. It may be a long-term buy.
 
BL Kashyap & Sons
BL Kashyap is a design and construction company focused on civil and industrial projects. The company has two subsidiaries in the furnishings and real estate development space. The stock has doubled since the beginning of the year, but revenues for the quarter ended June 2014 halved to Rs 174 crore from Rs 336 crore in the yearago period. Its losses widened to Rs 15.40 crore for the quarter ended June 2014 against Rs 2 crore in 2013. HDFC MF recently acquired 14.21 lakh shares at Rs 9.2 per share. ICICI Prudential owns 2.43 per cent stake in the company. Huge debt and pressure on profitability are major concerns. Investors should avoid this stock as there are other companies in this space with better balance sheet and lower valuations.
Sanghi Industries
On Tuesday, Reliance Mutual Fund bought 32.66 lakh shares of Sanghi Industries (a manufacturer of clinker and cement) at Rs 44.50 a share. The promoters' holding as on June 30, 2014, was 71.03 per cent with institutions owning 3.5 per cent as on June 30, 2014. Despite a 187 per cent surge since January, the stock is currently trading at a fair valuation of 22 times its 12-month earnings. Cement stocks in the mid-cap space have certain potential amid expectations that demand would rise with a pick-up in infrastructure projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google s Android One smartphones to help bolster Facebook s growth in IndiaGoogle's Android One smartphones to help bolster Facebook's growth in India
By Shelley Singh , ET Bureau | 12 Sep, 2014, 07.01AM IST
Facebook will benefit as much as Google as new smartphone users will also log into the former's popular social networking and messenger applications.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Even as Google prepares to pry open larger chunks of the Indian market with an array of cheap smartphones as part of its Android One programme, it will also willy-nilly help rival Facebook grow its India numbers.
Next Monday, Google is widely expected to launch a range of Android One smartphones, mostly priced under Rs 6,000 ($100). These have been developed in partnership with local mobile phone manufacturers including Micromax , Karbonn and Spice . They are expected to be loaded with topend features such as dual core chip, 5 MP camera and 4.5-inch display.
But, as these cheap and powerful smartphones flood the market, Facebook will benefit as much as Google as new smartphone users will also log into the former's popular social networking and messenger applications.
Facebook has 108 million users in India active monthly, of which 94 million access it on a mobile.
"A low-cost smartphone which allows a good user experience will accelerate adoption of Facebook," says Jessie Paul, CEO, Paul Writer Strategic Advisory, a marketing consultancy. "In fact, it could take Facebook's access on mobile devices to 100 per cent from about 93 per cent at present."
"We
are now looking forward to one billion users in India. That is a different focus and challenge," Javier Olivan, vice-president, growth & analytics, Facebook, had told ET in a March interview. Google's Android One will make the challenge easier.
Google, Facebook and much of the Internet companies ecosystem are often referred to as 'frenemies'. They are friends in the sense that the success of any one company invariably yields spin-off benefits for others; enemies because all of them compete for the same users and online advertising dollars.
Google's Android One program will not only benefit Facebook, but the entire gamut of social networking companies including Twitter, Instagram etc, all of which will gain more smartphone users. But Facebook could gain more than others, since it has the largest user base in India. CEO Mark Zuckerberg has crafted a mobile first strategy for Facebook and has publicly admitted the company's biggest mistake was "we burned two years not working on mobile."
"Every service will benefit, be it Facebook, Whatsapp or Skype ," says Katyayan Gupta, analyst, eBusiness & Channel strategy, Forrester Research. Google and Facebook declined to comment on this story.
Android One is tipped to be a game changer in the smartphone market, delivering a better experience to users.
"Low-cost Android smartphones have poor touch screen, poor camera and poor memory. This impacts user experience be it Facebook or Google docs," says Forrester's Gupta.
"But Android One will provide a consistent user experience across all devices," he adds. Adds Mohammad Chowdhury, leader, telecom, PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC): "Android One will shake up the low-end to midtier smartphone market," Google finished the second quarter with $14.3 billion in advertising revenues compared to Facebook's $2.68 billion.
Facebook's mobile ad revenues accounts for more than 60 per cent of its overall ad revenues, while Google's earns only 12 per cent of its advertising dollars from mobile.

Rao s comments on media highly objectionable: KatjuRao s comments on media highly objectionable: Katju
Samsung readies 2 devices to take on iPhone 6» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Samsung to launch two premium devices, Galaxy Alpha and Galaxy Note 4, to take on Apple iPhone 6
By ET Bureau | 12 Sep, 2014, 10.44AM IST
Galaxy Alpha, has a partial metallic body, 4.7-inch screen & a top-of-the-line processor. It’s the company’s bet against iPhone 6 in premium segment.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
BANGALORE: South Korean phonemaker Samsung, which has been losing market share to rivals in India, is gearing up to launch two premium devices — the Galaxy Alpha and Galaxy Note 4 — to take on the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The company has started talking to distributors and retailers to launch these devices in time for Diwali, ahead of the launch of the Apple devices in October.
Unlike previous Samsung phones that were clad in a plastic body, these will be the first Samsung phones with an external metal casing, something that iPhones have had for long. Priced a little over Rs 40,000 a piece, the Galaxy Alpha is expected to be cheaper than the new iPhone 6 but will have better features, an offline distributor briefed on Samsung's plans said.
The Galaxy Alpha, showcased by Samsung last month, has a partial metallic body, 4.7-inch screen and a top-of-the-line processor. It's the company's bet against iPhone 6 in the premium segment.
Samsung also announced the allnew Galaxy Note 4 with a 5.7-inch screen at IFA, the consumer electronics show in Berlin earlier this month. While Samsung has had big screen phones for a long time, the iPhone 6 Plus would be Apple's first such big device.
Apple's iPhones have traditionally been smaller in size. In 2010, when Apple was selling the iPhone 4, its iconic founder Steve Jobs had mocked rivals making big phones by saying that people won't buy phones if they couldn't even wrap their hands around them. Tim Cook , who took over Apple after Jobs' untimely death three years ago, has positioned the new iPhone 6 devices as phones that are "bigger than bigger".
Samsung didn't pass over the opportunity to take a dig at Apple. The South Korean company tweeted on Wednesday: "Big improvements and innovation come with change — even they thought so."
Samsung also released a graphic which actually quoted Steve Jobs: "No one is going to buy a big phone." It went on to add, "Guess who surprised themselves and changed their minds." With nearly 28 per cent market share, Samsung is the largest selling smartphone brand in the country followed by homegrown Micromax.
However, in the premium segment, it faces stiff competition from Apple's iPhone.

Syria  Iran slam US strategy in fighting militantsSyria  Iran slam US strategy in fighting militants
EC reprimands Adityanath for hate speechEC reprimands Adityanath for hate speech
GM to launch 40 products in global mkts including IndiaGM to launch 40 products in global mkts including India
RBS says will move to England in case of independenceRBS says will move to England in case of independence
Worst over for India  ratings upgrade likelyWorst over for India  ratings upgrade likely
Uptrend to resume todayThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Don t compare this bull run with FY04 boom: Morgan StanleyThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Need streamlined  investor-friendly tax regime: Adi GodrejThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Time to go short Market eagerly awaits elusive correctionThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Indices all-time highs can t be linked to valuations: Bain CapitalThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Will Snowman Logistics give you 30% returns on listing dayThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Nude photo scandal: I stay home to avoid paparazzi  says Jennifer LawrenceBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Narendra Modi reforms: Ram Jethmalani-led citizens group wants end to  executive strangleholdBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

State Bank mulls stock option for employeesUpdated: September 11, 2014 00:18 IST
State Bank mulls stock option for employees
Oommen A. Ninan
banking
State Bank of India (SBI) Chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya, on Wednesday, said that the bank was planning to issue Employees Stock Option Plan (ESOP) this year. However, it would be linked to ‘performance parameters’. “We are now considering an ESOP, which is basically something where you give an option and they exercise the option at a later date depending upon what is the share price in the market. So, we are looking at that ESOP scheme,” said Ms. Bhattacharya.
Earlier, the bank was planning to issue Employees Stock Purchase Scheme (ESPS), which is a share purchase scheme. “At that point, SBI’s shares were at a very low price,and it would have made sense. Since then, prices have improved, and it is difficult for our employees to purchase this,’’ she said.
However, she said that it would be linked to certain performance parameters. “If you perform as per the target given to you, then you will get a certain number of options, which will be locked in for a period of time, say one year. And then subsequent to that one year, you will exercise the option if you find the value has gone up. If it hasn’t gone up, you can allow it to lapse,” she said, adding, “If it hasn’t gone up that means you have not worked hard enough for the company. So, to make it go up, you have to work hard.”
“My intention is to make it available to all. I think we all need to work as one team. Therefore, it would be nice if we can give it to everybody. But we have to find out performance parameters for every job. That is a big job. So, we are looking at how that can be done,” said Ms. Bhattacharya.
“We will try to roll it out as quickly as possible. In principle, the ministry is agreeable. And, we have to take permissions from others, including RBI, as well,” she added.
However, she declined to comment on a stock-split. She quipped: “How do you know we are not doing it? These are things that we will do when we think the time is right. And, we know that the amount (stock price) now is really too big. So, we will see…………..This is price- sensitive information. I can’t say yes or no.”

Madhya Pradesh BJP MLA churns row  says ban entry of non-Hindu youths over  love jihadBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Should investors brace for another EM sell-offSep 11, 2014, 08.46 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
Should investors brace for another EM sell-off?
"Overall if we do get a scenario where the dollar strengthens more broadly - and we do see that - then it will be pretty hard for most EM currencies to remain resilient... But we don't see as an aggressive sell-off as we saw last year," said Dominic Bunning, currency strategist at HSBC.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Should investors brace for another EM sell-off?
"Overall if we do get a scenario where the dollar strengthens more broadly - and we do see that - then it will be pretty hard for most EM currencies to remain resilient... But we don't see as an aggressive sell-off as we saw last year," said Dominic Bunning, currency strategist at HSBC.
Post your opinion here
 
Recent weakness in emerging market currencies has sparked worries that they could face a bout of pain reminiscent of last year's sell-off, analysts told CNBC.
"Everything seems to be going against emerging market currencies right now," Nizam Idris, currency analyst at Macquarie told CNBC, highlighting a number of headwinds including U.S. dollar strength, China growth worries and structural issues.
Ratings agency Moody's put Brazil's credit rating on negative watch on Tuesday citing tepid economic activity, deteriorating government accounts and declining investor confidence, triggering a sell-off across Latin American currencies. Concerns about U.S. interest rates exacerbated the decline; both the Brazilian real and the Colombian peso have lost around 2 percent against the dollar since Monday.
"The Brazilian real, Colombian peso and Chilean peso all got smashed - I think it sends a message that emerging market and commodity currency rating is probably at the end of that up-cycle," Idris said.
Dollar strength
Most currencies weakened against the US dollar early this week after research published by the San Francisco Fed on Monday indicated that investors expect the Federal Reserve to keep interest rates lower for longer, and to raise them more slowly, than the makers of U.S. monetary policy themselves expect.
"Overall if we do get a scenario where the dollar strengthens more broadly - and we do see that - then it will be pretty hard for most EM currencies to remain resilient... But we don't see as an aggressive sell-off as we saw last year," said Dominic Bunning, currency strategist at HSBC.
"The fact that we are seeing this in countries like Brazil is an indication that some of the broader pressures are building on emerging market currencies because of what's happening in the external picture," he added.
Read More Emerging markets: The risks markets may be missing
 The China factor
"The second part of the argument for weaker EM is probably China," Idris said, noting the debate about whether China faces a hard landing will likely continue.
Investors remain concerned about slowing growth in the world's second-largest economy after gross domestic product growth slowed to 7.4 percent on year in the first quarter. Despite above-view growth of 7.5 percent in the second quarter mixed data on the manufacturing sector, industrial output and retail sales have raised speculation about potential stimulus from the Chinese central bank.
"If we do get weak data out of China, then commodity prices and currencies will come under pressure," Idris added.
Idris told CNBC Dollar strength has been the main driver of EM currency weakness thus far but said we could soon see a shift to domestic fundamentals meaning there will be more differentiation in the currency moves. He noted that the Malaysian ringgit, New Zealand dollar and Indonesian rupiah would likely come under greater pressure.
Read More Are emerging market equities finally catching up?
Asia vs Latin America
Asian currencies could fare better than their Latin American equivalents in the event of a broader sell-off, Bunning said.
"For a lot of Asian currencies interest rate differentials are a lot higher than they were in the last Fed rate hiking cycle in 2004, whereas in Latin America the interest rate differentials aren't as positive as they were in the past, so that's one aspect that favors Asian currencies versus some others in emerging markets," he added.
Bunning also said that the dynamics of many Asian emerging market economies have shifted somewhat over the past year, relative to where they were during the time of last year's taper tantrum induced sell-off.
Fundamentals in India, for instance, have improved due to increased foreign direct investment and a narrower current account deficit, Bunning said. Thus a repeat of the Indian rupee's 26 percent decline against the U.S. dollar last year is unlikely.
Conversely, some emerging market currencies which weren't as vulnerable last year have become more vulnerable, he said, highlighting the Malaysian ringgit due to the country's smaller current account surplus on a historical basis.
Indonesia's rupiah, which was hit hard last year, remains vulnerable due to the country's widening current account deficit, while the Philippine peso and Thai baht are still vulnerable but to a lesser degree, he added.

Will these 3 bluechip PSU majors join D-St party soonSep 11, 2014, 12.43 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Will these 3 bluechip PSU majors join D-St party soon?
Analysts expect investors to lap up shares of the bluechip PSUs, riding on the Modi wave. Retail investors are also expected to actively participate, especially since there is likely to be 20% quota for retail investors (higher than the 10 percent mandated by Sebi), while the issue could carry a 5% discount, in each of the share sales.

Nikkei ends at eight-month high on weak yenSep 11, 2014, 12.32 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Nikkei ends at eight-month high on weak yen
Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said he told Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that the central bank will not hesitate to ease policy further if its 2 percent inflation goal becomes difficult to achieve.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nikkei ends at eight-month high on weak yen
Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said he told Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that the central bank will not hesitate to ease policy further if its 2 percent inflation goal becomes difficult to achieve.
Post your opinion here
 
Japan's Nikkei share average rose to an eight-month high on Thursday as the weak yen lifted sentiment and a meeting between the central bank governor and prime minister boosted expectations of additional easing in the long-term.
The Nikkei climbed 0.8 percent to 15,909.20, the highest closing level since Jan. 10. The broader Topix hit a six-year high, rising 0.3 percent to 1,311.24.
Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said he told Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that the central bank will not hesitate to ease policy further if its 2 percent inflation goal becomes difficult to achieve.
But he also told Abe that a positive economic cycle in Japan is firmly in place, suggesting there is no immediate need to act.
"There was nothing new in the meeting outcome... it's what Kuroda has been saying over the last few months," said Isao Kubo, equity strategist at Nissay Asset Management. "But the fact that they had a meeting showed that they keep an eye on the economy."
He added that while consumption is weak, there are still hopes for additional easing in the long-term.
The dollar hit a new six-year high of 107.02 yen in Asian trade. Exporters got a boost, with Honda Motor Co rising 1.0 percent, Sony Corp 2.7 percent and Toshiba Corp 1.3 percent.
However, retailers languished on concerns about rising raw material prices. Supermarket operators Aeon Co fell 0.5 percent and Seven & i Holdings Co dropped 1.7 percent.
"While consumption is weak, they can't raise prices, so investors saw that these companies have no choice but to see their profits squeezed in the coming months if the yen keeps weakening," said Norihiro Fujito, a senior investment strategist at Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley Securities.
The JPX-Nikkei Index 400 gained 0.3 percent to 11,887.55.
RELATED NEWS

CBI: Maran pressurised Sivasankaran to sell his companiesFormer Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran
New Delhi, Sept 11:  
Former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran had “pressurised” and “forced” Chennai-based telecom promoter C Sivasankaran to sell his stakes in Aircel and two subsidiary firms to Malaysian firm Maxis Group in 2006, the CBI today told a special court.
“Accused number one (Dayanidhi Maran) forced Sivasankaran to sell his companies. He (Sivasankaran) sold his three firms to Malaysia’s Maxis Communication Berhad, accused number six,” the CBI told Special Judge O. P. Saini during arguments on consideration of charge sheet filed in the Aircel-Maxis deal case.
The CBI had on August 29 filed the charge sheet in the case against Dayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanidhi Maran and six others, including four firms.
During the arguments today, senior public prosecutor K K Goel told the court, “In this case, seller (Sivasankaran) was the victim as he was not allowed to do his business by Dayanidhi Maran.”
He said, “Several issues relating to Sivasankaran’s firms were kept pending by Dayanidhi Maran, who was the then Telecom Minister, and no decision was being taken on them.
“There was strangulation of these three companies and they were unable to perform their business,” the agency said.
It said that as soon as Maxis Group bought Sivasankaran’s firms, all the pending issues were cleared by Dayanidhi Maran, giving undue benefit to the Malaysian company.
“If accused number one (Dayanidhi) had cleared all the issues and had given licences and spectrum to Sivasankaran’s firms, then Maxis Group would have had to pay much more to buy the companies,” it claimed.
Besides the Maran brothers, the CBI has named Malaysian business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan, Malaysian national Augustus Ralph Marshall and four firms — Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd, Maxis Communication Berhad, Astro All Asia Network PLC and South Asia Entertainment Holding Ltd — as accused in the case.
They have been chargesheeted for the offences punishable under Section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and under relevant provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The court, after hearing the submissions advanced by the prosecutor today, fixed the matter for further arguments on September 22.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

GSFC up 20%  co expects profit to hit Rs 15000 cr in 5 yrsSep 11, 2014, 03.51 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
GSFC up 20%, co expects profit to hit Rs 15000 cr in 5 yrs
In an analyst and fund manager meet the management said turnover of the company will rise to Rs 15000 crore over next five years. It is expecting FY15 to deliver almost 100 percent growth in profitability as fertiliser business has picked up.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
GSFC up 20%, co expects profit to hit Rs 15000 cr in 5 yrs
In an analyst and fund manager meet the management said turnover of the company will rise to Rs 15000 crore over next five years. It is expecting FY15 to deliver almost 100 percent growth in profitability as fertiliser business has picked up.
Post your opinion here
 
Shares of  Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals surged 20 percent, hitting 52-week high at Rs 88.90 per share intraday Thursday betting on the company’s bullish outlook and confidence.
In an analyst and fund manager meet the management said turnover of the company will rise to Rs 15000 crore over next five years. It is expecting FY15 to deliver almost 100 percent growth in profitability as fertiliser business has picked up. Also supported by recent price increase of complex fertiliser (ahead of gas price increase), the company is hoping to benefit from higher margins in fertiliser business.
Chemical business which was significantly under pressure over last years have started recovering. Spreads have started improving in the chemical business, up from USD 900 to USD 1050.
Dividend payout is expected to be increased further as the company targets payout of 30 percent over next three years.
Emkay maintains bullish view on the stock as it trades at extremely attractive valuations with 50 percent discount to book value.
The stock ended at Rs 88.90, up Rs 14.80, or 19.97 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Torrent Power in race to buy GMR s Emco plant  stock up 4%Sep 11, 2014, 03.15 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Torrent Power in race to buy GMR's Emco plant, stock up 4%
The company is said to have conducted an initial round of inspection at the plant which is one of the assets GMR is trying to monetize to pare it Rs 40000 crore debt, reports CNBC-TV18 quoting unnamed sources.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Torrent Power in race to buy GMR's Emco plant, stock up 4%
The company is said to have conducted an initial round of inspection at the plant which is one of the assets GMR is trying to monetize to pare it Rs 40000 crore debt, reports CNBC-TV18 quoting unnamed sources.
Post your opinion here
 
Investors lapped up shares of  Torrent Power on Thursday after it joined the race to buy GMR’s Emco plant. The stock gained as much as 4 percent to hit a 52-week high of Rs 173.
The company is said to have conducted an initial round of inspection at the plant which is one of the assets GMR is trying to monetize to pare it Rs 40,000 crore debt, reports CNBC-TV18 quoting unnamed sources.
It is learnt that GMR is likely to sell its majority stake in the plant, which project cost is Rs 3,948 crore. GDF Suez, Sembcorp and various other PE players are reported to be interested in the plant, say sources.
Currently Torrent has a generation capacity of 1647.5 MW and it distributes power to more than 30 lakh customers annually in Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar, Surat, Bhiwandi and Agra.
At 15:03 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 169.55, up Rs 3.25, or 1.95 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

SBI MF aims at Rs 90 000 cr AUM mark  top 5 ranking by FY15Sep 11, 2014, 08.42 PM IST  | Source: PTI
SBI MF aims at Rs 90,000 cr AUM mark, top 5 ranking by FY15
SBI Mutual Fund is eyeing entry in the top-5 club of the domestic mutual fund sector by financial year 2015.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SBI MF aims at Rs 90,000 cr AUM mark, top 5 ranking by FY15
SBI Mutual Fund is eyeing entry in the top-5 club of the domestic mutual fund sector by financial year 2015.
Post your opinion here
 
SBI Mutual Fund is eyeing entry in the top-5 club of the domestic mutual fund sector by financial year 2015.
"We are hoping to end the year with Rs 90,000 crore AUM from Rs 77,000 crore now. With this, we would like to be one of the top five MF companies," SBI MF managing director and CEO Dinesh K Khara said here today.
SBI MF ranks sixth in the MF industry currently.
Speaking at the launch of three-year close ended SBI Equity Opportunities Fund Series-I in the East, Khara said, "I am pacing accordingly for the top five league."
He said the AUM gap between its immediate competitor was around Rs 17,000 crore, which had come down to Rs 9000 crore.
SBI Mutual ED & chief marketing officer D P Singh said they are targeting in excess of Rs 1,000 crore in collection from this first close ended equity fund since 2010.
"We have opened 51 new branches in January taking the number to 161, to expand our reach to retail investors. These new branches will act as hub and spoke model with independent financial advisors and distributors," Khara said.
Speaking about the fund, the company said, the fund will invest in a well-diversified portfolio of equity and equity-related securities across market capitalisation and sectors.
"We have identified about six sectors and 40 stocks for this fund. The fund will remain open from September11-25," Khara said.
RELATED NEWS

NSEL says default recovery on track; FMC can speed it upSep 11, 2014, 08.42 PM IST  | Source: PTI
NSEL says default recovery on track; FMC can speed it up
NSEL rejects slow recovScam-hit National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL) today refuted commodity market regulator FMC's observations regarding slow pace of recovery of dues from defaulters and said the watchdog has adequate powers to speed up efforts to get back the investor money.ery charge,says FMC can enhance process
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
NSEL says default recovery on track; FMC can speed it up
NSEL rejects slow recovScam-hit National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL) today refuted commodity market regulator FMC's observations regarding slow pace of recovery of dues from defaulters and said the watchdog has adequate powers to speed up efforts to get back the investor money.ery charge,says FMC can enhance process
Post your opinion here
 
Scam-hit National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL) today refuted commodity market regulator FMC's observations regarding slow pace of recovery of dues from defaulters and said the watchdog has adequate powers to speed up efforts to get back the investor money.
NSEL defaulted to the tune of Rs 5,600 crore a year ago and 13,000 investors had been hit by the payment crisis.
The exchange has continued its steadfast approach towards the recovery process, NSEL Managing Director and Chief Executive Saji Cherian said here in response to a letter sent by the regulator Forward Markets Commission (FMC).
In a September 4 letter, informing NSEL about winding-up its Monitoring and Auction Committee (MAC), the FMC had made critical references about the recovery process.
"The Commission has noted that depletion of human resources, lack of financial resources  and weak organisational structure at NSEL has posed a major impediment in the recovery process and consequently contributed to negligible progress in recovery of dues by NSEL from the defaulting members."
Recently, the watchdog reviewed the progress of recovery of dues from defaulters. The regulator noted that not much progress was made in recovery of dues based on the feedback received from the MAC, set up to oversee disposal of assets of defaulters on NSEL.
It has been learnt that investigating agencies were examining the role of brokers, whose link with MAC resulted in conflict of interest, Cherian said in a statement.
NSEL believes if FMC exercises the authority vested in it by the Government of India last year, and takes such measures as it deems fit against the defaulting members, it will enhance the recovery efforts, he maintained.
Soon after the crisis was unearthed, the exchange and its promoter Group (Financial Technologies) enforced quick measures to mitigate the effects and bring to book defaulters responsible for the payment crisis.
NSEL was the first to file criminal complaints against the defaulters, Cherian claimed.
The exchange claimed it has taken legal actions against the defaulters. NSEL has filed five arbitration petitions in Bombay High Court, 27 applications in MPID Court (hearing the case) and 30 complaints with the Magistrate Court with regards to bouncing of cheques, it said.
The bourse has also filed 20 complaints with Mumbai Police's Economic Offences Wing and issued third party notices to 15 defaulters.
These coordinated efforts have resulted in a historic order passed by the High Court last week where a committee was formed to overlook the process of asset sale and recovery from defaulters, Cherian said.
RELATED NEWS

To utilise capacity  General Motors eyes Australia  South America exports from IndiaBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Dunkin Donuts to enter Chennai Hyderabad mkt by next yearSep 11, 2014, 09.57 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Dunkin Donuts to enter Chennai & Hyderabad mkt by next year
It made its entry into India in 2012 and now two years down the line, the world's leading donuts, baked goods and coffee chain, Dunkin Donuts is launching it's 36th outlet in Bangalore. The company is clearly on expansion mode and plans to increase its presence across the south in the next one year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dunkin Donuts to enter Chennai & Hyderabad mkt by next year
It made its entry into India in 2012 and now two years down the line, the world's leading donuts, baked goods and coffee chain, Dunkin Donuts is launching it's 36th outlet in Bangalore. The company is clearly on expansion mode and plans to increase its presence across the south in the next one year.
Post your opinion here

Jayalalithaa writes to Modi on seized boatsUpdated: September 12, 2014 00:01 IST
Jayalalithaa writes to Modi on seized boats
Special Correspondent
The Hindu Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa.
TOPICS
India-Sri Lanka
Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on Thursday wrote to Prime Minister Narendra Modi to renew her call that the Centre send out a “firm, clear, unequivocal and unambiguous message” to the Sri Lankan government that “hostile acts against Indian fishermen” would not be tolerated and should cease forthwith.
Alluding to Sri Lankan president Mahinda Rajapaksa’s interview to The Hindu, published on Thursday, the Chief Minister, referred to the recent trend of the Sri Lankan authorities impounding fishing boats even while releasing the fishermen and said “the impulse for such a cruel and ruthless strategy against Tamil Nadu fishermen appears to flow from the very top [of the Sri Lankan govern-ment]. This is apparent from an interview given to an Indian newspaper by the Sri Lankan Presi-dent and reported today (11.9.2014) in which he is quoted as saying that the impounded boats would not be released.”

DGCA crackdown on pilots: Jet blames it on lack of clarityDGCA crackdown on pilots: Jet blames it on ‘lack of clarity’
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, September 11:  
Jet Airways said that the Directorate General of Civil Aviation’s recent crackdown on 131 of the carrier’s pilots was due to ‘Lack of clarity’ in regulations.
According to recent media reports, the DGCA found 13 1Jet Airways pilots to have flown planes on expired licences following an audit of the airline’s training facilities.
“Some of the audit findings have resulted due to a lack of clarity in the regulatory interpretation of the processes… The airline welcomes the inputs of the regulator and confirms that it will comply with all established norms,” a spokesperson for Jet Airways said in a media statement.
Further, the carrier said that its senior management will meet the DGCA and his team to discuss the ambiguity in “some of the existing regulation and will work closely with DGCA to close all the findings”. However, the Jet spokesperson did not provide details.
Last week, DGCA came down heavily on Jet Airways after an audit of its pilots and cabin crew training programme and issued show cause notices to 131 pilots of the airline.
After the audit carried out by a three-member team, DGCA had issued the notices asking the pilots why their licences should not be suspended as they were flying without clearing their Pilot Proficiency Check (PPC) tests which have to be carried out every six months. The tests ascertain the overall knowledge level and proficiency of a pilot.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Gujarat suggests way out of GST deadlockBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

IFC provides $50 million to 170-Mw project of Continuum Wind EnergyBS Reporter |  Pune Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:28 AM IST
IFC provides $50 million to 170-Mw project of Continuum Wind Energy
The financing will be used to construct a 170 megawatt wind power plant in Madhya Pradesh
IFC, a member of the World Bank Group, today announced that it will lend $50 million to two wholly-owned subsidiaries of Continuum Wind Energy (India) to expand access to clean energy, and help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. IFC also helped mobilise a loan of $100 million for the project from YES Bank.
The financing will be used to construct a 170 megawatt wind power plant in Madhya Pradesh. The subsidiaries - D. J. Energy Private Limited and Uttar Urja Projects Energy Private Limited - will develop the project. The project will annually generate 330 gigawatt hours of clean power to reach 300,000 people. The project will help avoid nearly 270,000 tons of carbon dioxide emissions per year.
“We are delighted to receive support from IFC and YES Bank for our project. IFC’s long-tenor financing, global renewable-energy expertise and validation of our project will go a long way in contributing to the growth of Continuum,”  said Arvind Bansal, CEO & Founder, Continuum Wind.
An estimated 300 million people, around one-fourth of India’s population, lack access to electricity. The country suffers from power shortages with peak hour gaps varying between 9 to 13 per cent. The government of India’s National Action Plan on Climate Change has set a target of generating 15 per cent of power from renewable energy sources by 2020.
In India, IFC has a committed portfolio of about $340 million in renewable energy projects. Serge Devieux, Regional Director for South Asia, IFC, explained how this investment fits into IFC’s goals in India.
“By supporting this wind project, IFC will help expand access to clean power for many. IFC’s investment in renewable energy in India will balance the country’s energy mix, and improve its energy security,” he said.
Continuum Wind, with the support of Morgan Stanley Infrastructure Partners, a global infrastructure investment fund, has achieved an aggregate operating capacity of about 150 MW, with 260 MW under construction and about 580 MW in development.
 Advertisements

Oscar Pistorius trial: Judge says allegations of police contamination of evidence insignificantBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Jan-Dhan takes off  RuPay card issuance lagsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

US stocks pare losses as oil reboundsLast updated: September 11, 2014 9:44 pm
US stocks pare losses as oil rebounds
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/98fc764a-3962-11e4-9cce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Stocks End Mixed; Health Care Stocks SlumpIf it's not stuck in your head now, it will be in a few seconds. Transylvania University's Delta Sigma Phi created a...
YouTube

Why selling products on e-commerce is gainin...Aditya Birla
(Ecommerce in India, with…)
About 40 minutes. That is all it took for Chinese mobile maker Xiaomi to sell 95,000 Mi3 phones in India through ecommerce site Flipkart in six flash sales, signalling the growing power of online retail in the country.
The episode also proves that you can be the biggest retailer in the country or a smartphone maker trying to boost sales, but without a concrete presence in ecommerce, all your plans and strategies may not count for much.
"We will never go the traditional retail route in India," said Manu Jain, India head of Xiaomi. "In a traditional retail channel, the overhead costs get passed onto the consumer."
Ecommerce in India, with its over 250 million internet users and 900 million mobile subscribers, is only going to expand further. Realising this, even traditionally offline retailers such as Aditya Birla-led Madura Garments and Kishore Biyani's Big Bazaar are choosing to enter the online terrain.
"About 30 per cent of our sales come from online sales via sites such as Flipkart and Jabong," said Shibani Mishra, chief of marketing at Indus League, which owns brands such as Scullers, Jealous-21 and Indigo Nation and is part of Biyani's Future Group. Indus League has started its own e-shops, where users are re-directed to online portal Fashionara for payments. "Relying on Fashionara has helped us save costs in creating our own back-end infrastructure."
Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak, said the move by traditional brick-and-mortar players towards online is a good one. "It makes sense for (traditional) retailers to have their own portals instead of depending upon other marketplaces like Flipkart and Snapdeal as these are already cluttered with multiple brands." He said retailers would do well to follow in the footsteps of US retail chain Macy's and create differentiated merchandise for online and offline. Online retailing, both direct and through marketplaces, is expected to touch Rs 50,000 crore by 2016, according to ratings agency Crisil.
Gujarat-based Arvind Limited, which markets brands such as Arrow, Lee, Wrangler and Tommy Hilfiger in India, has started its online venture Creyate. The site lets users customise shirts and jeans online. "There is no point in being just another online marketplace where the competition is already so intense," said Tejinder Singh, chief operating officer of Arvind Internet. By next year, Arvind Internet is looking to compete with the likes of Myntra by launching a multi-brand online portal, where it will sell other brands as well.
Experts said such moves could give existing players, such as Flipkart, a run for their money in the coming years.
"The Tatas, Biyanis and Birlas have already made investments of over $2 billion (Rs 12,000 crore) each in retail. They can garner enough cash pile to takeover online players such as Flipkart and Amazon," said Harminder Sahani, managing director of retail consultancy Wazir Advisors.
The Tatas-led Croma set up its online store CromaRetail.com two years ago. It now earns revenue of Rs 1.5 to Rs 2 crore per week. "We have seen a rise in the number of people ordering big-ticket products such as TV and washing machines online," said Ajit Joshi, managing director and CEO of Infiniti Retail, which runs Croma.
However, many brands are shying away from setting up their own online distribution channels. "Some OEMs (original equipment manufacturers) may not want to set up online stores as it would compete with their distributors. The only draw for consumers to shop on an OEM site is the warranty and services offered," said Rachna Nath, head of retail consulting practice head at PwC.
Some who entered the online segment years ago are reviving their Web strategy. Mobile retailer Sangeetha entered the online space eight years ago but re-launched its online platform last year. "The unique value proposition that Sangeetha's online portal shopno47.com is that it delivers in 47 minutes or less," said Subhash Chandra, managing director of Sangeetha Mobile, which has more than 250 outlets across the country. Currently, its website serves only Bangalore, but the retailer has plans to cover all of South India by next year.
But cracking the online market isn't easy. Future Group's online retail venture FutureBazaar, launched in 2007, failed. "We were too early in the market with FutureBazaar back in 2007," said Vivek Biyani, director of Future Group, who is in charge of the digital business.
Ecommerce is also a factor in the offline expansion strategy in India's $518 billion (Rs 31.5 lakh crore) retail sector. Aditya Birla-led Madura Garments, which owns brands such as Louis Philippe and Van Heusen, has launched TrendIn, an ecommerce portal that supplies across India. Even small traders are now ordering on this channel.

Sahara Group in talks to sell over 100 acresSahara Group in talks to sell over 100 acres in Bangalore for about Rs 400 crore
Sobia Khan & Kailash Babar, ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 05.57AM IST
Tags:
Bangalore
(The company has an option…)
Kolkata|Mumbai: The Sahara Group is in talks with Ahmedabad-based Pacifica Group and a high networth individual to sell two land parcels in Bangalore for about Rs 400 crore, as the conglomerate sells assets to find money to secure the release of jailed chairman Subrata Roy .
In Bangalore, the Lucknow-based company owns 76 acres at Devanahalli and 25 acres at Whitefield.
"Sahara has approached the Supreme Court to allow the company to proceed with the sale as these land parcels are not part of the list of properties the apex court has allowed Sahara to sell," said one of the two people.
The company has an option to swap these properties with the list of land parcels it is allowed to sell to raise the money, this person said.
Sahara did not respond to an email seeking comment. Speaking over the phone, a Pacifica Group spokesman denied any such plans.
Roy has been in jail since early March over allegations of not paying back bondholders. The Securities and Exchange Board of India, which has accused the group of irregularities in raising thousands of crores through bonds, claims Sahara hasn't repaid the money. The company, however, denies any wrongdoing and says it has paid back most of the bondholders.
The Supreme Court has asked Sahara to deposit Rs 10,000 crore, half of which in bank guarantees, to release Roy on bail.
Sahara owns around 1,000 acre of land across Bangalore, Amritsar, Ahmedabad, Ajmer, Bhopal, Bhavnagar, Jodhpur, Pune and Vasai near Mumbai. It is aggressively talking to potential buyers to close the land deals in whichever location it can, the second person said.
Sahara recently sold 104 acres near Shela village on the outskirts of Ahmedabad to HN Safal and Goyal & Co for Rs 464 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

9/11 Special: Obama s defensive Fortress America strategy9/11 Special: Obama s defensive Fortress America strategy
Ginni Filaments: Outcome of AGMSep 11, 2014, 09.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ginni Filaments: Outcome of AGM
Ginni Filaments has informed that the 31st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 10, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ginni Filaments: Outcome of AGM
Ginni Filaments has informed that the 31st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 10, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Ginni Filaments Ltd has informed BSE that the 31st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 10, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Dr Agarwals Eye Hospital: Outcome of AGMSep 11, 2014, 09.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Dr Agarwals Eye Hospital: Outcome of AGM
Dr Agarwals Eye Hospital has informed that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 09, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Dr Agarwals Eye Hospital: Outcome of AGM
Dr Agarwals Eye Hospital has informed that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 09, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Dr Agarwals Eye Hospital Ltd has informed BSE that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 09, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Take back objections to forest rules: 2 NDA ministers tell a thirdBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Congress-NCP Dharavi showcase touches less than 1% of targetBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Indian ADRs: ICICI Bank  Infosys  Dr Reddy s Lab slipSep 12, 2014, 08.22 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian ADRs: ICICI Bank, Infosys, Dr Reddy's Lab slip
Indian ADRs ended lower on Thursday. Dr Reddy's Laboratories fell 0.5 percent and ICICI Bank shed 0.72 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian ADRs: ICICI Bank, Infosys, Dr Reddy's Lab slip
Indian ADRs ended lower on Thursday. Dr Reddy's Laboratories fell 0.5 percent and ICICI Bank shed 0.72 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian ADRs ended lower on Thursday. In the IT space, Infosys was down 0.56 percent at USD 60.11 and Wipro declined 0.66 percent at USD 12.01.
In the banking space, ICICI Bank shed 0.72 percent at USD 53.45 and HDFC Bank was down 1.06 percent at USD 49.66.
In the other sectors, Dr Reddy's Laboratories fell 0.47 percent at USD 49.05 and Tata Motors was up 0.58 percent at USD 47.18.
 

Stocks in news: Sun Pharma  Bajaj Auto  Fin Tech  SnowmanSep 12, 2014, 08.22 AM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Stocks in news: Sun Pharma, Bajaj Auto, Fin Tech, Snowman
GMR Infrastructure | Tata Motors | Sun Pharma | NMDC | Bajaj Auto | Financial Technologies | Suzlon Energy | Snowman Logistics and Hindustan Media Ventures are stocks, which are in the news today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Stocks in news: Sun Pharma, Bajaj Auto, Fin Tech, Snowman
GMR Infrastructure | Tata Motors | Sun Pharma | NMDC | Bajaj Auto | Financial Technologies | Suzlon Energy | Snowman Logistics and Hindustan Media Ventures are stocks, which are in the news today.
Post your opinion here
Here are stocks that are in news today:
Senior SC Lawyer Arvind Kumar Sharma files PIL in Delhi High Court against quadricycles
PIL against quadricycles:
-Challenges government notification allowing launch on October 1
-Quadricycles not regulated under the Motor Vehicles Act
-Motor Vehicles Act will have to be amended to allow quadricycles
-Tyagi Panel deems quadricycles unsafe for Indian roads
-Government has ignored expert committee findings
-Seeks quashing of government’s February 9 notification
-Seeks implementation of Tyagi panel recommendations
-Delhi High Court directs government to reply to PIL
-Delhi High Court to take up matter on September 17
Alert:  Bajaj Auto planning to launch its quadricycle RE60
Alert: Launch of Bajaj RE60 delayed by two years
Alert: Bajaj Auto to launch RE60 as a commercial vehicle
Tug of war between corporate affairs ministry and financial ministry over NSEL- Financial Technologies merger
-Corporate affairs ministry and financial ministry debate FMC recommendations on NSEL scam
Alert: NSEL is a 100 percent subsidiary of Financial Technologies
Alert: FMC proposed a merger of NSEL and Financial Technologies
Alert: FMC submitted report on NSEL scam in August
-Corporate affairs ministry against NSEL-Financial Technologies merger; finance ministry in favour
-Final call on NSEL-Financial Technologies merger to be taken by corporate affairs ministry
Alert: Arun Jaitley heads financial ministry and corporate affairs ministry
Corporate affairs ministry sources
-Cannot merge NSEL with  Financial Technologies easily; have sought finance ministry’s view
-Merger under Section 396 of Companies Act possible only in public interest
Alert: Section 396 of Companies Act deals with central government powers to merge companies
-Public interest confined to shareholder interest in Financial Technologies case
-Financial Technologies shareholders not in favour of merger with NSEL
-No precedence of invoking Section 396 Of Companies Act barring one
Finance ministry sources
-Favour invoking Section 396 of Companies Act, 1956 w.r.t NSEL- Financial Technologies merger
-NSEL-Financial Technologies merger will fasten NSEL recovery process
Alert: NSEL has liabilities of Rs 5,600 crore
SEBI censures BSE for share allotment lapses in  NMDC OFS
-Asks to conduct independent review for remedial steps
-Seeks shareholders' nod to set borrowing limit up to Rs 50,000 crore
-Seeks shareholders' nod for raising funds up to Rs 12,000 crore
-Seeks shareholders' nod to issue securities up to Rs 5,000 crore
-Seeks shareholders' nod to up authorised share capital to Rs 1,500 crore
Corporate action

BJP slams Aam Aadmi Party for misleading peopleBJP slams Aam Aadmi Party for misleading people
Fertiliser stocks in limelight  Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited surges 20%Fertiliser stocks in limelight  Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Limited surges 20%
Bharat Sevashram Sangha in Kashmir flood reliefBharat Sevashram Sangha in Kashmir flood relief
Doing biz: India aims high but CEOs lament current stateDoing biz: India aims high but CEOs lament current state
Sensex provisionally holds 27 000 after small declineSensex provisionally holds 27 000 after small decline
India Inc invests 125 bn overseas in August down 49India Inc invests 125 bn overseas in August down 49
Japan  U.S. Eye Military  Strike Capability  For TokyoJapan, U.S. Eye Offensive Military Weapons For Tokyo
Reuters
Updated:
09/10/2014  4:59 pm EDT
In this picture made available by the U.S. Navy, Wednesday, March 30, 2011, the Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer USS Barry (DDG 52) launches a Tomahawk cruise missile from the ships bow, off the Libyan coast, Tuesday, March 29, 2011. Barry is currently supporting Joint Task Force (JTF) Odyssey Dawn. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Jonathan Sunderman/HO) EDITORIAL USE ONLY | ASSOCIATED PRESS
(Adds Chinese reaction)
By Nobuhiro Kubo
TOKYO, Sept 10 (Reuters) - Japan and the United States are  exploring the possibility of Tokyo acquiring offensive weapons  that would allow Japan to project power far beyond its borders,  Japanese officials said, a move that would likely infuriate  China.
While Japan's intensifying rivalry with China dominates the  headlines, Tokyo's focus would be the ability to take out North  Korean missile bases, said three Japanese officials involved in  the process.
They said Tokyo was holding the informal, previously  undisclosed talks with Washington about capabilities that would  mark an enhancement of military might for a country that has not  fired a shot in anger since its defeat in World War Two.
The talks on what Japan regards as a "strike capability" are  preliminary and do not cover specific hardware at this stage,  the Japanese officials told Reuters.
Defense experts say an offensive capability would require a  change in Japan's purely defensive military doctrine, which  could open the door to billions of dollars worth of offensive  missile systems and other hardware. These could take various  forms, such as submarine-fired cruise missiles similar to the  U.S. Tomahawk.
U.S. officials said there were no formal discussions on the  matter but did not rule out the possibility that informal  contacts on the issue had taken place. One U.S. official said  Japan had approached American officials informally last year  about the matter.
Japan's military is already robust but is constrained by a  pacifist Constitution. The Self Defense Forces have dozens of  naval surface ships, 16 submarines and three helicopter  carriers, with more vessels under construction. Japan is also  buying 42 advanced F-35 stealth fighter jets.
Reshaping the military into a more assertive force is a core  policy of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. He has reversed a decade of  military spending cuts, ended a ban on Japanese troops fighting  abroad and eased curbs on arms exports.
RILING CHINA
Tokyo had dropped a request to discuss offensive  capabilities during high-profile talks on revising guidelines  for the U.S.-Japan security alliance which are expected to be  finished by year-end, the Japanese officials said. Instead, the  sensitive issue was "being discussed on a separate track", said  one official with direct knowledge of the matter.
But any deal with Washington is years away and the obstacles  are significant - from the costs to the heavily indebted  Japanese government to concerns about ties with Asian neighbors  such as China and sensitivities within the alliance itself.
The Japanese officials said their U.S. counterparts were  cautious to the idea, partly because it could outrage China,  which accuses Abe of reviving wartime militarism.
The officials declined to be identified because they were  not authorized to discuss the closed-door deliberations. A  Japanese Defense Ministry spokesman said he could not comment on  negotiations with Washington.
Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said Asian  countries had a right to be concerned about any moves to  strengthen Japan's military considering the country's past and  recent "mistaken" words and actions about its history.
"We again urge Japan to earnestly reflect on and learn the  lessons of history, respect the security concerns of countries  in the region and go down the path of peaceful development," Hua  told a daily news briefing in Beijing.
Japan would need U.S. backing for any shift in military  doctrine because it would change the framework of the alliance,  often described as America supplying the "sword" of  forward-based troops and nuclear deterrence while Japan holds  the defensive "shield".
Washington did not have a position on upgrading Japan's  offensive capabilities, "in part because the Japanese have not  developed a specific concept or come to us with a specific  request", said another U.S. official.
"We're not there yet - and they're not there yet," the  official said. "We're prepared to have that conversation when  they're ready."
NORTH KOREAN MISSILES
North Korea lies less than 600 km (370 miles) from Japan at  the closest point.
Pyongyang, which regularly fires short-range rockets into  the sea separating the Koreas from Japan, has improved its  ballistic missile capabilities and conducted three nuclear  weapons tests, its most recent in February 2013.
In April, North Korea said that in the event of war on the  Korean Peninsula, Japan would be "consumed in nuclear flames".
Part of Japan's motivation for upgrading its capabilities is  a nagging suspicion that the United States, with some 28,000  troops in South Korea as well as 38,000 in Japan, might hesitate  to attack the North in a crisis, Japanese experts said.
U.S. forces might hold off in some situations, such as if  South Korea wanted to prevent an escalation, said Narushige  Michishita, a national security adviser to the Japanese  government from 2004-2006.
"We might want to maintain some kind of limited strike  capability in order to be able to initiate a strike, so that we  can tell the Americans, 'unless you do the job for us, we will  have to do it on our own,'" said Michishita, a security expert  at the National Graduate Institute for Policy Studies in Tokyo.
Reflecting Japan's concerns, Abe told parliament in May 2013  that it was vital "not to give the mistaken impression that the  American sword would not be used" in an emergency.
"At this moment is it really acceptable for Japan to have to  plead with the U.S. to attack a missile threatening to attack  Japan?" Abe said.
Under current security guidelines, in the event of a  ballistic missile attack, "U.S. forces will provide Japan with  necessary intelligence and consider, as necessary, the use of  forces providing additional strike power".
SHROUDED IN EUPHEMISM
The informal discussions on offensive capabilities cover all  options, from Japan continuing to rely completely on Washington  to getting the full panoply of weaponry itself.
Japan would like to reach a conclusion in about five years,  and then start acquiring hardware, one Japanese official said.
Tokyo had wanted the discussions included in the review of  the Japan-U.S. Defense Cooperation Guidelines that are expected  to cover areas such as logistical support and cybersecurity.  Those talks, which formally kicked off last October, are the  first in 17 years.
But the United States was keen to keep discussions on  offensive capabilities separate to avoid riling China and South  Korea, another Japanese official said. Beijing and Seoul each  have territorial disputes with Tokyo and accuse Abe of failing  to atone for Japan's wartime aggression.
Reflecting the sensitivities of the issue even in Japan, any  talk of an upgraded offensive capability is shrouded in  euphemism.
Itsunori Onodera, who stepped down last week as defense  minister in a broad cabinet reshuffle, a year ago described it  as "the capability to attack enemies' military bases and  strategic bases for the sake of self-defense".
Defense guidelines compiled by the government in December  watered this down to a "potential form of response capability to  address the means of ballistic-missile launches and related  facilities".        (Additional reporting by Phil Stewart in Washington, Tim Kelly  in Tokyo and Ben Blanchard in Beijing; Writing by William  Mallard; Editing by Dean Yates)
More:

The show-stopper weddingwedding
From bespoke attires to theme weddings, a bride’s choices are now far from the conventional
Kanchipuram for the bride, Kanchipuram for the other women in the family... bridal and wedding-related couture till recently was limited to the traditional Kanchipuram sari.
The Kanchipuram sari may still be the pick of most brides today but there are many other options - chikan work on kota or on georgette or on pure silk; embroidered tissue saris, the Hyderabadi khara duppatta; lehenga choli, elaborate gowns or the humble Kerala sari dressed up with ari and mukaish embroidery…even the Kanchipuram sari which has been dressed up with embroidery.
A chikan-worked wedding sari sounds far-fetched, almost improbable. But Honey Vijayan of Kalaniketan (Panampilly Nagar), which boasts an impressive collection of chikan-worked fabrics, saris and garments for men and women, says that “chikan work is very much in the running as a bridal wear option. Christian brides prefer cream or off-white while for Hindu brides I have got the work done on Kerala saris. Muslim brides prefer heavy lachchas in bright colours sometimes shaded and/or darker.”
The subtle embroidery is dressed up with Swarovski crystals, gold or silver mukaish work or zardozi to make it ‘worthy’ of a wedding. There are certain practical considerations too, a very thin bride got a bridal sari for her in cotton kota because it added bulk to her, Honey says. The prices start at Rs. 8,000 and can go up to anything since it is hand-worked, she says.
Dressing up for the wedding, today, is about what the bride wants and the family plays along. “What the bride wants, the bride gets,” says Martin Mathew of Ethics. He caters more for the gown-wearing bride. A trend he has observed since last year is the gowns’ trains getting longer as also the lehengas and brides getting experimental with the silhouette.
“The garments are now open to interpretation. As opposed to embroidered sleeves, brides go in for heavy embroidery on a single sleeve and the other might be sleeveless,” he says.
He has had enquiries for wedding gowns in pink which he turned down, “because a wedding gown has to be white….”
He says the sari-gown, a late entrant here, is a popular option especially for receptions. “For lehengas the accent is on heavy embroidery especially on the dupattas, a la Sabyasachi. Actually the Sabyasachi look which translates to heavy embroidery is the trend this year.”
The palette too has shifted, according to him, from reds, pinks and maroons to gold, yellow, peach, blue and green.
Rather than spend a huge amount on an outfit that would stay in the wardrobe, it appears brides want to reuse the wedding ensemble - a heavy dupatta teamed with a salwar-set or the lehenga’s top with another sari.
Actor-designer Poornima Indrajith says Kanchipuram still is the first choice when it comes to the fabric. It is on the innovations that brides go all out. “That’s when I suggest statement blouses. These stand out and can be worn with minimal jewellery. Also, the blouse can be worn with other plain saris,” she says. Poornima’s label Pranaah has done “worked” Kanchipurams too. “Intricate handwork on pure Kanchipurams are unique, but they come at a price. The silk itself would be expensive and add to that the skill and labour that goes into the handwork,” she says.
“Weddings these days are not just about the bride,” says Reshma Binu of Label ‘M, a bridal designer boutique. “It is about the whole family. Colour coded and themed weddings are very in. Also, these days, Hindus and Muslim brides too have bridesmaids. So their ensemble is done to match the bride’s costume and the settings,” she says.
One of the recent weddings she did had 35 bridesmaids, all in variations of pink, peach, orange and yellow. The bride herself wore a baby pink sari. The colours have moved from bold to pastels, she says.
Khara dupatta is the latest in the bride’s wardrobe. Kamila Kasim of Cameella Boutique at Convent Junction says that the ensemble typical of Hyderabad has many takers, “although it is a typical Muslim costume, I get orders from many Hindu brides. They wear it for the reception.” The khara dupatta, more than being a garment is a style of draping the dupatta, a hybrid of salwar-kurta and a sari.
The rates depend on the amount of work that goes into a piece as it is a heavily embroidered garment. The most basic one (with just borders and no embroidery) is priced at Rs. 10,000 and the prices of the more elaborate ones begin at Rs. 25,000.
Bridal accessories are getting a designer twist too. Rani Mampilly of Queenz Exquisites (Centre Square Mall) does dressy veils. She does elaborate stonework, pearl and crystals on them. “I make the veils to go with the gowns which are heavily embroidered, have cutwork and stones. I even use imported lace to make gowns.”

Swiss watch industry denies  Nokia moment  from new Apple WatchBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Modi Regime May Extend Tax Benefit on CarsYou are here: Home Industries
Government Looking at Extending Excise Duty Concessions to Auto Sector
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 14:21 (IST)
Finding Fanny Off to Steady Start at Box Office
New Delhi:
The government is looking at the proposal for extending excise duty concessions to the automobile sector beyond December, a move that would provide further relief to automakers.
"We have already discussed the proposal (to extend excise duties beyond December) that the incentives provided (to the auto sector) should be continued. The government will take a decision in this regard at the appropriate time," Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete said at the sidelines of an event.
Meanwhile, government sources said the Heavy Industry Ministry is likely to send a proposal to Finance Ministry regarding extension of excise duty concession till March 31, 2015.
In a relief to the automobile and consumer durable sectors, the government in June this year extended the excise duty concession by six months to December 31. The concessions were earlier valid till June 30.
The government had cut excise duty on cars, SUVs and two-wheelers as well as consumer durables in the interim Budget in February to help the industry tide over a demand slump.
The extension of duty concession will enable continuation of excise duty on small cars, scooters, motorcycles and commercial vehicles at the current level of 8 per cent from 12 per cent previously. The factory gate duty on SUVs stands at the reduced rate of 24 per cent as against 30 per cent.
The duty on large cars will continue at 24 per cent compared with 27 per cent earlier, while the duty on mid-sized cars will stand at 20 per cent from 24 per cent.
Excise duty on capital goods and consumer durables will continue to attract a lower duty of 10 per cent as against the pre-budget rate of 12 per cent.
Most carmakers had passed on the benefit of excise duty reduction to customers by cutting prices. The auto industry body had been lobbying for extension of the reduced rates.
Automobile sales in India fell for the second consecutive year in 2013-14 and were 4.65 per cent lower at 17,86,899 units. In 2012-13, car sales fell 6.69 per cent, the first drop in a decade.
Asked about the auto recall policy, Mr Geete said: "We are taking all steps to boost the automobile sector and the (auto recall) policy will be framed with that objective".
The Heavy Industry Ministry is mulling over a policy of mandatory recalls, which will do away with the current system of voluntary recalls by auto companies.
Regarding the National Electricity Mobility Mission Plan, for electric vehicles, Mr Geete said: "We want to start the plan from Delhi. We will soon roll out the Plan from Delhi".
The Mission Plan projects a potential for 6-7 million units of new vehicles sales of Electric Vehicles (EVs), along with resultant fuel savings of 2.2-2.5 million tonnes that can be achieved by 2020.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 14:19 (IST)

Global food prices decline to four-year lowGlobal food prices decline to four-year low
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 20:03 IST
The index measures monthly price changes for a basket of cereals, oilseeds, dairy products, meat and sugar. (Photo: Reuters)
Global food prices have fallen to the lowest level in four years led by dairy products, sugar and cooking oils on higher supplies, according to the Food and Agriculture Organisation.
Global food prices as measured on the FAO food index declined for the fifth consecutive month in August.
The index averaged at 196.6 points in August, as against 204.5 points in the same month last year, the Rome-based FAO said in its latest report.
The index measures monthly price changes for a basket of cereals, oilseeds, dairy products, meat and sugar.
"The FAO food price index averaged 196.6 points in August 2014, its lowest level since September 2010. Except for meat, all the other food sub-indices dipped markedly in August, with dairy values falling most, followed by oils and sugar," the UN food agency said.
The cereal price index fell by 1.5 per cent to 182.5 points in August from the previous month, it said, adding that prices of cereals have been falling continuously since May, largely on excellent crop prospects and abundant supplies of wheat and coarse grains.
Another record world production this year weighs on international wheat prices, which slid in August to their lowest value since July 2010.
Similarly, maize prices have fallen to a four-year low, amid almost ideal growing conditions while stocks are already at very high level.
However, rice prices remained on the rise reflecting the return of several traditional importers to the market and the failure by Thailand to offload large volumes from public stocks starting in August, as originally announced.
The vegetable oil price index also fell by 8 per cent to 166.6 points in August from the previous month and the lowest level since November 2009.
"It would also be the fifth month of consecutive drops in the index. Much of the August decline reflects the pattern of palm oil prices, which have weakened under the combined effect of improved production prospects in South East Asia and lower than anticipated import demand, primarily from China and India," the FAO said.
The other major oils (soy, rape and sunflower) also remained on a downward trend, reflecting prospective ample supplies in 2014-15, it added. .
According to the FAO, dairy price index fell by 11.2 per cent in August from previous month, and a 18.9 per cent dip year-on-year.
"The decline reflected both abundant export availability and reduced import demand. Export supplies have increased in the EU and conditions are favourable for a strong start to the new season in Oceania," the UN body said.
The prevailing tendency for prices to decline was further exacerbated by the Russian Federation prohibition, at the beginning of the month, on imports of dairy products from several countries, it said.
Slackening import of whole milk powder by China (the largest importer) has also contributed to market uncertainty concerning demand over the coming months, it added.
Sugar prices fell by 5.7 per cent to 244.3 points in August from over previous month but still one per cent higher than in August 2013.
FAO said the significant drop in prices was triggered by improved production prospects in India, the world's second largest sugar producer, as well as the European Union and the Russian Federation.
In addition, reports of lower than expected import demand by China weighed negatively on international prices. The downgrading of production in Brazil, the world largest sugar producer, was not sufficient to offset the downward price pressure, it added.
However the meat price index rose to 207.3 points in August, 1.2 per cent higher than its revised value for July and 14 per cent above last year.
The increase principally reflected a strong rise of bovine meat prices in Australia, where herd rebuilding has reduced export supplies, and continued strong import demand in Asia, particularly China, it said.

Syndicate bribery case: Court extends judicial custodyCourt extends judicial custody of accused till Sep 24 in Syndicate bribery case
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 17:55 IST
Photo: Reuters
A Delhi court on Thursday extended till September 24 the judicial custody of Syndicate Bank CMD Sudhir Kumar Jain, Bhushan Steel Vice Chairman and MD Neeraj Singal and nine others who were arrested by CBI in connection with a bribery case.
On expiry of their judicial custody, the accused were produced before special CBI judge Swarana Kanta Sharma who extended it further till September 24 after the agency said that probe into the case was going on.
Besides Jain and Singal, CBI had arrested CMD of Prakash Industries Ltd, Ved Prakash Agarwal, its director Vipul Agarwal, Arun Aggarwal, who is alleged to be Chief Financial Officer of Bhushan Power and Steel , and six others in the case.
Alleged middleman Purshottam Totlani, also an accused in the case, is still absconding.
They have been booked under the provisions of Prevention of Corruption Act and criminal conspiracy under the IPC.
On August 2, CBI had arrested six accused in connection with the case and had claimed to have recovered Rs 21 lakh in cash from Jain's residence besides gold worth Rs 1.68 crore and documents of fixed deposits of up to Rs 63 lakh.
The agency has filed two separate cases against Jain, accusing him of receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh through conduits and abusing his official position to enhance the credit limits of some companies in violation of laid-down procedures.
Singal was arrested by CBI on August 7, hours after the court had issued a non-bailable warrant against him.
CBI had earlier filed an application in the court seeking directions to Jain, Singal, Ved Prakash Agarwal and co-accused Vineet Godha and Puneet Godha for recording their voice sample for its ongoing probe.
The agency, in its plea, had said that case was based on intercepted telephonic conversations and specimen voice sample of these accused was required for their probe.
The court would hear remaining arguments on the CBI's plea on September 19.

Transfer your retirement funds easily with online facilitiesStory
Transfer it now
Online facility has made it much easier to apply for transfer of retirement funds. Give it a try
Teena Jain Kaushal        Edition: September 2014
Nidhi Chauhan, 33, applied for transfer of her employee provident fund , or EPF, amount to her account with the new employer. Even after months, neither her present nor her previous employer knew about the status of her application. While the present employer said it had forwarded the application, the previous one claimed it never received one. Resigning to her fate, Nidhi stopped following up the case. "It is easier to get a loan than to access your own EPF money. I had no clue where my money was. At one point my employer advised me to withdraw the money."
Like Nidhi, there are thousands of people who do not know how to get their PF money transferred. More important, they do not know how to follow up after applying for the transfer.
Consider this. As on March 2013, Rs 22,000 crore was lying unclaimed with the Employee Provident Fund Organisation, or EPFO, in accounts inactive for more than three years. This means this money is not earning any interest.
The EPFO has accepted time and again that delays in fund transfer give rise to a lot of dissatisfaction among subscribers. Realising this, it launched a portal on 2 October 2013 for online transfer of funds. Since then, more than 1.15 lakh people have applied online for transfer of funds. Of these, 90,000 claims have been settled; around 8,900 applications have been rejected.
The EPFO also also introduced a revised Form 13 (for fund transfer) in July 2013. You can submit it either to your present or to your previous employer. Earlier, you had to submit the form to your present employer. Choosing the previous employer saves time (See How EPF Money Gets Transferred).
There is, however, an exception to this. If the present employer comes under the exempted category (maintains a trust to manage money on its own), you can submit the form only with present employer. This is because in such a case the EPFO will need the bank account number and other details of the trust.
KK Jalan, Central PF Commissioner, says, "Earlier, there were three major reasons for delay. First, the documents were sent by post. Second, there was a problem in identifying in which EPFO office was the account of the previous employer. Third, there used to be a delay in transit of Annexure K. We have tried to resolve these issues through the online facility."
ONLINE CLAIM TRANSFER
After reading about the online facility, Nidhi again decided to file an application, this time online. "I decided to try the online route as I didn't want to lose out on interest income."
To her surprise, she could apply without hassle. "Things have improved a lot since I last applied," she says.
The interesting thing is that the online process has not only eliminated the delay in transit, it has also reduced the chances of your file going to the wrong EPFO office, which was one of the biggest reasons for late settlement of claims.
We bring you steps that you must follow while applying for online EPF transfer.
Step 1: Go to the EPFO website, epfindia.com.
Step 2: The home page will show a section called 'online transfer claim portal'. Click on it.
Step 3: Before logging in, check if you can apply online. If not, you will have to submit a physical copy of Form 13 to either your present or your previous employer.
Step 4: After checking the eligibility, log in and go to the claims section. There, click on 'request for transfer of funds'. 
Step 5: Form 13 will open. Fill your PF numbers with both previous and current employers and click on 'click here to get details'. The name and address of the establishment, the PF account held by the EPFO and your name will appear on the screen.
Step 6: Your date of joining, date of leaving and father/spouse's name also appear. This is to make sure that the money is transferred to the right account.
Step 7: You will be asked if you want to get the claim attested through your previous employer or your present employer
Step 8: You will have to type the characters shown in the text box and click on "Get Pin". You will then have to agree to the declaration in the form by clicking on "I Agree".
Step 9: Enter the PIN received on the registered mobile. The application is submitted.
Step 10: Tracking ID is generated.
Step 11: The form will be saved in the system. You have to take a printout of its PDF version, sign it and submit it to the employer within 15 days. Step 12: Note down the contact details of people authorised to sign on the form. These are shown after the form is submitted.
Step 13: Present and previous employers will verify your details electronically.
Step 14: Once approval comes from both employers, funds are credited to the member's account by the EPFO branch office.
Step 15: The employer plays an important role in this process by verifying the authenticity and signature of the employee.
The EPFO keeps you updated through SMSes. You can also track the application through the EPFO website.
PROBLEM AREAS
The process involves four entities-your present employer, your previous employer, the present EPFO office and the previous EPFO office.
Click here to Enlarge
As a result, you cannot blame one person or entity for the delay. While EPFO officials say the delay is mostly from employers' side, employers put the blame on the EPFO. The only sufferer is the member, who does not know how to take the case forward. Plus, there is a chance that your employer may not be aware of the online process and so asks you to submit the form physically. Don't give in to this suggestion. Online filing has made the system fast and transparent. Instead of asking your employer about the status of the application, you can now ask him to give reasons for the delay. With the EPFO helping you track the process online, the accountability of employers has increased manifold.
EPFO INITIATIVES
The EPFO plans to provide a universal account number to members by October 15. This will help millions deal with the problem of transfer of funds. At present, members get a new number with every job change.
Central PF Commissioner K K Jalan
In its plan for 2014-15, the EPFO has stated, "A universal account number will be allotted to the active members by 15 October 2014. Thereafter, coverage of other members will be taken up."
Once you get the universal number, you will not be required to apply for transfer of funds with every job change. Your funds will get transferred to the account with the new employer at the click of a button. You will need to submit KYC (know-your-customer) documents to your present employer so that they can verify your details. But for old accounts, you will still have to apply either in digital or physical form.
'Through online facility there is no paper movement between field offices. Moreover, the application goes to the right office'.
K K JALAN
Central PF Commissioner
The EPFO also plans to make all payments to its beneficiaries through the electronic mode. This will improve efficiency and reduce paper work. At present, 93% benefits are paid electronically.
WHAT TO DO?
Apply online. This will help you track the status of your application and at the same time help the EPFO keep a check on the employer for speedy settlement. If there is no response from the employer, the EPFO can always push it for attestation and verification. In case you are not eligible for online filing, give a physical copy of the transfer form to your previous employer to save time.
Universal account number will give you and your employer the option to go for faster transfer of funds. Till then, use the online facility.

More than 9.5-cr students watched PM Narendra Modi Teachers  Day event: Smriti IraniBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Cement players from South catch upUjjval Jauhari |  Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 10:48 PM IST
Cement players from South catch up
With demand improving and price rises sustaining, profitability will improve for South-based companies
As pan-India and North-based cement companies’ scrips continue rallying on the bourses, those having exposure to the southern region have joined the party. Ramco Cements hit an all-time high of Rs 362.10 on Wednesday and Orient Cement scaled a new high of Rs 130.85 last week, now trading at Rs 125.50. India Cements, after a sharp run-up, trades at Rs 122.80, close to its 52-week highs.
This rally has been driven by the expectation that demand in South India will get a boost after the Telangana state formation, ending the political uncertainty. Prices in South India and especially Andhra Pradesh, that had remained weak, have been looking up since June. Price increases helped boost the average per bag in the south to almost Rs 300, at par with the national average.
Thus, an improvement in realisations and demand are likely to help improve profitability. Which should help these companies narrow the valuation gap with pan- India and other regional entities. Currently, enterprise value (EV) per tonne for CLSA cement universe stands at $170 based on FY15 capacities. Ramco Cements, Orient Cement and India Cements trade at replacement costs of $135, $86 and $71, respectively, based on FY15 estimated capacities. While some gap is warranted, given the size of larger players, there is potential for the discount to narrow.
Ramco
Ramco, with yearly capacity of 15.5 million tonnes (mt), remains a top pick of most analysts. The company, which has seen earnings contract in the past four years, is estimated to see much better growth. Consensus suggests its earnings are expected to grow at a compounded annual (CAGR) 65-66 per cent over FY14-16. The company has capacities in Andhra, Tamil Nadu and Karnataka, helping it have a diversified exposure. The only concern analysts have is that there is no major capital expenditure lined for the near term. However, looking at low capacity utilisations currently, there is enough leeway to cater to a possible rise in demand. Trading at an EV per tonne of $117 on FY16 capacities, most analysts have a strong 'Buy' rating on the stock. While the target price is close to the current market one, the potential for upgrades exists. Investors could, thus, consider it on dips.
Orient Cement
Orient Cement, which sells about 30 per cent of its produce in Telangana, sells the rest in the western part of the country. Like Ramco, this adds to geographical diversification and helps sustain higher capacity utilisation.
Operating at 80-plus per cent of capacity, it is ahead of both pan-India and regional peers. While capacity utilisation is already high, volumes are likely to get a boost from the upcoming three mt facilities in Karnataka to be commissioned at the start of FY16, which would take the total to eight mt.
Based on an FY16 EV per tonne of $90, Ravi Sodah at Elara Capital has a target price of Rs 154 for the stock, trading at Rs 125 levels. By Bloomberg, the target price range is Rs 119-154.
India Cements
India Cements has faced the highest slowdown heat in the recent past. Having a majority of its capacities in Andhra Pradesh not only saw over-supply of cement but also demand getting hit due to the Telangana issue. As a result, the stock had been an underperformer. However, after the price increases undertaken by companies at the end of June, the stock has seen good upside.
Formation of the new state keeps analysts optimistic on demand growth driving India Cements’ fortunes. However, some remain concerned on excess capacity and await more action on the ground before revising their view.
Of 25 analysts polled on Bloomberg after the June quarter results, eight have 'Buy' ratings and an equal number have either 'Hold' or 'Neutral' on the stock. The consensus target price is about Rs 120. While this means the stock is fairly valued, a correction could provide an entry point.
 Advertisements

Private lenders use stock option bait to retain talentSneha Padiyath |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 10:49 PM IST
Private lenders use stock option bait to retain talent
Time opportune, with market buoyancy and entry of new entities
Leading private sector lenders have stepped up issuance of stock options to ensure retention of needed talent, amid the entry of new entities and overall buoyancy in the financial services segment.
In recent weeks, HDFC Bank, YES Bank, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank have issued equity shares under their employee stock option plan (Esop). The move, analysts said, signals imminent talent churn in the segment. ESOP issuance is common among employers wishing to reward and retain staffers. “Of late, there has been a lot of shuffling in financial services. With return of the bull market, it is increasingly important for employers to hold back employees looking for greener pastures,” said G Chokkalingam, founder of Equinomics Research & Advisory.
The shares of banking and financial services companies have seen a healthy run this year. An appreciation in share price results in greater wealth creation for stock options holders. “Esops are fantastic wealth creators and a huge draw for employees, especially the younger talent these days. As earning loyalty isn’t an easy concept any more, the younger talent needs to be incentivised through such benefits,” said the source mentioned earlier.
Since April, the stock of YES Bank has risen 51 per cent, ICICI Bank’s by 26 per cent and HDFC Bank by 14 per cent. Axis Bank, which exercised a stock-split in July, has risen 43 per cent.
State-owned lenders might also join the Esop issuance route. Recent media reports quoted State Bank of India head Arundhati Bhattacharya as saying it was mulling this. Public sector banks are at a higher risk of losing talent than those privately owned, say analysts
“Increasingly, there is higher pressure on public sector units to improve their performance. Esop issuances work as an incentive and a performance-driven reward for employees of such banks,” said Harshu Ghate, co-founder and head of ESOP Direct, a service provider in the area of equity compensation.
Supply of talent is also likely to come under pressure with the new banking licences issued to the IDFC group and West Bengal-based Bandhan Financial Services. There have already been several mid-level and senior-level exits of employees to join these new institutions.
 Advertisements

Centre to fund Swachh Vidyalaya campaignNEW DELHI, September 11, 2014
Updated: September 12, 2014 01:34 IST
Centre to fund Swachh Vidyalaya campaign
Smriti Kak Ramachandran
education
PSUs have already pledged Rs. 400 crore for the initiative
The Centre will set up a Swachh Bharat Kosh to fund its ambitious Swachh Vidyalaya (Clean Schools) campaign anchored by the Human Resource Development Ministry. On Thursday, the Ministry said public sector units under 25 Ministries have pledged Rs. 400 crore for the campaign and private and public sector companies would be encouraged to build toilet blocks in schools.
Underlining the initiatives and accomplishments of her Ministry in the first 100 days, Union HRD Minister Smriti Irani said an action plan was on to chart the implementation of thecampaign. She said the Ministry would initiate the process of drafting a new cohesive education policy after conducting nationwide consultations from January.
“In the last 100 days, 19 new institutions have been announced, including 5 new IITs . It is also for the first time that women have been appointed to the IIT Council and we have a woman chairperson of the Indian Institute of Advanced Studies…” she said.

Specialise before going global  Bajaj tells suppliersSpecialise before going global, Bajaj tells suppliers
Murali Gopalan
Rajiv Bajaj, Managing Director, Bajaj Auto Ltd. PAUL NORONHA
Speed and creation of a category are vital in the auto sector: Rajiv Bajaj, MD, Bajaj Auto
September 11, 2014:  
Rajiv Bajaj did some straight talking at the ACMA (Automotive Component Manufacturers Association of India) annual session in New Delhi on Thursday. The theme for this 54th convention was ‘Capturing the Global Opportunity’.
The Managing Director of Bajaj Auto was part of a roundtable discussion which focused on the challenges of going global for Indian ancillary suppliers. “What we did not do were two things which helped us: listen to advice from business schools and management consultants,” Bajaj said.
This tongue-in-cheek comment was made soon after global consultant McKinsey had made a half hour presentation on Vision 2020 for the components sector. The timing naturally tickled the audience silly and they broke into spontaneous applause.
Bajaj dwelt on his company’s global experience and the lessons learnt along the way from the time it was a domestic player till about a decade ago.
Talking strategy
Today, half its output comprising two million bikes and three-wheelers is exported every year to a host of countries including Africa, Latin America, the ASEAN region and South Asia.
The first thing the company did was to draw up a matrix of its existing products and new ones planned. Familiar markets like Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Nepal were the first part of this exercise followed by newer geographies.
As Bajaj explained, the company was not competing with its products at the lowest level like the Chinese or, likewise, in the top league. In reality, it was midway akin to the Japanese but still way behind in technology, distribution and scale.
Hence, it was important to narrow the focus and do one thing right. “As a result, we are less known for making motorcycles and better known for not making scooters,” Bajaj said, a dig at critics who insist that the company is goofing up by not getting back into this space.
Finding a niche
“The route to globalisation is specialisation. Business needs to narrow its focus and dominate a category,” he added. Today, technology and engineering are given and the truth is that the auto sector is a marketing industry. According to Bajaj, it is the product that is first-to-market which works. While there is no question that cost and quality are factors, the most important is speed and creation of a category.
This has been the company’s mantra which kicked in with the Pulsar sports bike in 2001 and continues with the Discover commuter model which is facing stronger headwinds as a challenger brand. It has further honed its global strategy by leveraging alliances with Kawasaki and KTM to enter markets like the US, Europe, Japan, Latin America and the ASEAN region.
Philipp Radtke, Director of McKinsey (Munich) and part of the roundtable discussion, said it was important for ancillary suppliers to constantly have an interface with their vehicle customers, especially if they happened to be Japanese automakers. According to him it was important to grow with the OEM concerned where the best examples were Japanese and Korean suppliers.
Jagdeep Singh Rangar, MD of Stork Rubber Products, said one of his takeaways with global customers was to be patient and persevering as it typically takes 3-5 years to get a break. The others in the discussion included Vinod Dasari, MD of Ashok Leyland, Nigel Harris, President of Ford India and Rajeev Kher, Secretary, Commerce Ministry.
Earlier in the day, Piyush Goyal, Power and Coal Minister, said the Government was keen on reviving the manufacturing sector. This was especially critical in the context of job creation.
The auto industry is facing challenges on availability of power and Goyal said efforts were on to solve the problem. His other priorities were to ensure greater ease in doing business with no bureaucratic interference.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

5 Things You Didn t Know About Tim Hortonsreddit
Up in the Great White North, there's a behemoth lurking. It's already successfully conquered its native land, but now it casts its gaze across the southern border, dreaming of overtaking the U.S. as well. And while we've been distracted by our Starbucks and Dunkin' Donuts, it's been slowly making major inroads, most likely preparing for a full-scale invasion. Its name? Tim Hortons. Its weapon of choice? Doughnuts. And coffee.
Click Here to see the Complete List of 13 Things You Didn't Know About Tim Hortons
Tim Hortons currently has more than 4,500 locations in Canada, along with more than 800 in the United States. And while we haven't needed to give it much attention until now, there's one major reason why now is the ideal time to brush up on your Tim: Last month, Burger King agreed to purchase the company for a whopping $11.4 billion, move its own headquarters up to Canada, thereby creating what will be the third-largest fast-food conglomerate in the world.
The chain's first store opened in Hamilton, Ontario, in 1964, and since then has been expanding all over the map. By 1974, 40 stores were in operation, and by 1991 there were 500. Largely due to the chain's rapid growth, many small Canadian doughnut chains and independent shops were driven out of business; at the same time Canada's ratio of doughnut shops to residents surpassed that of all other countries. In short, when it comes to doughnuts and coffee in Canada, Tim Hortons has the market cornered.
But who exactly was Tim Horton? How long have his outlets been sneaking over the border? And what happened to the apostrophe? For the answers to these questions, as well as a whole lot of more fascinating facts about this mega-chain, read on.
Click Here to see the Original Story on The Daily Meal
The First U.S. Locations Closed
In 1981, the first U.S. locations opened in Deerfield and Pompano Beach, Fla. Sales were dismal, so they closed soon after. But they wouldn’t be gone for long… Photo Credit: Tim Hortons Click Here to see More Things You Didn’t Know About Tim Hortons
It Has Locations in a Number of Places Worldwide
Locations are scattered throughout the U.S., and today there’s a plan in place to open hundreds across the Persian Gulf region. The chain’s products are also available at SPAR convenience stores and Tesco supermarkets in Ireland and Scotland, as well as at the Dublin Zoo. Photo Credit: © Flickr / Derek Hatfield
Its Northernmost Store is in Iqaluit, in the Canadian Territory of Nunavut
That’s above the Arctic Circle! Photo Credit: © Flickr / Neal Jennings Click Here to see More Things You Didn’t Know About Tim Hortons
It's Actively Involved with the Military
Tim Hortons has locations on seven Canadian military bases and four American bases, and operated a location on a Kandahar, Afghanistan base from 2006-2011. Photo Credit: © Flickr / Pierre Gazzola
Its Cups are The Most Recognizable Litter in Canada

NDA erasing previous govt s stamp on PSU boardsSudheer Pal Singh |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:56 AM IST
NDA erasing previous govt's stamp on PSU boards
The National Democratic Alliance government is weeding out independent directors on the boards of public-sector undertakings (PSUs).
At least nine independent directors of PSUs, including Indian Oil Corporation, the country's largest company by revenue; and Coal India Ltd, the world's largest coal miner, have been booted out so far. Another eight directors of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation and its subsidiary Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals could be axed soon.
Independent directors on PSU boards are chosen by the parent ministry. Their names are sent to the selection committee of the department of public enterprises for approval before a final go-ahead by the Appointments Committee of the Cabinet.
THE WAY OUT
Independent directors on boards of PSUs are being made to discontinue
The new govt is seen as weeding them out to erase the legacy of the previous one
Method followed: Ensuring resolutions on their confirmation are not ratified at AGMs
Four directors of Indian Oil and two of Coal India are among those who have already been shown the door
Experts see the trend disrupting corporate-governance practices
The directors' names must, however, be ratified for clearance at the PSUs' annual general meetings, usually held in August and September, according to the Companies Act. Without this, the selection falls through.
"It is funny how the new government is utilising this provision of the Companies Act to cancel the selection of candidates done during the United Progressive Alliance regime," an independent director who recently resigned ahead of his company's annual general meeting told Business Standard. He did not wish to be named.
Indian Oil Corporation did not move the resolution confirming the appointment of four independent directors at its annual general meeting on August 27. The directors included retired bureaucrats K Jairaj and Sayan Chatterjee, former president of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India Nesar Ahmad and former director-general of the National Human Rights Commission, Sunil Krishna. The company informed BSE the next day the four had ceased to be independent directors.
Engineers India Ltd, similarly, did not take up a resolution for confirmation of two of its independent directors, Hindustan Petroleum Corporation's former human resource director V Vizia Saradhi and former law secretary D R Meena, at its annual general meeting on August 28.
Two independent directors of Kolkata-based Coal India Ltd, former coal secretaries Alok Perti and C Balakrishnan, resigned on September 8 and 9 ahead of Wednesday's annual general meeting, where the company was seeking ratification of their appointment for a three-year term. Perti was appointed to the Coal India board in October and Balakrishnan in December last year. Earlier, Shri Prakash, member (traffic), Indian Railways, had quit the Coal India board on September 3, even as the company moved a resolution seeking confirmation of his appointment.
"It is strange this government is trying to convey the message to independent directors that either they leave the company or the government will go against its own decision in the annual general meeting," one of the independent directors said.
The government is now trying to ensure three independent directors of ONGC - former power secretary P Uma Shankar, chartered accountant S Ravi and former Bharat Petroleum Corporation chairman R K Singh - and five directors of MRPL - chartered accountant C L Shah, former bureaucrat Neela Gangadharan, Indian Institute of Science Professor Jayant M Modak, Professor of Marketing at Banaras Hindu University Usha Kiran Rai and Capt John Prasad Menezes - are shown the door. All of them had been selected by the previous government. Asked whether he was also contemplating resignation, one of these directors told Business Standard he would not have to put in his papers. "In my case, the company has suddenly dropped the proposal seeking ratification of my confirmation from the annual general meeting's agenda. So, I am automatically out," he said and asked not to be named. "One cannot fight over such matters, but corporate governance surely takes a hit," he added.
The government's strategy is unlikely to go down well with stakeholders. "There is a huge corporate-governance issue involved here. Under the Companies Act, 2013, independent directors are to be appointed for a period of up to five years for a maximum of two consecutive terms," said Devendra Bhandari, director at Stakeholders Empowerment Services.
A PSU could withdraw a resolution seeking ratification of an independent director's appointment in the annual general meeting, but the government must give reasons or allow the incumbent to continue till his original term came to an end, Bhandari added.
 Advertisements

Take back objections to forest rules: two ministers tell athirdCopyright © The Indian Express ltd. All Rights Reserved
Powerd by Wordpress VIP

Big Chunk of $1.3B Tesla Bill Passes Nevada SenateIf it's not stuck in your head now, it will be in a few seconds. Transylvania University's Delta Sigma Phi created a...
YouTube

Nifty seen opening lower; IIP  CPI data eyedBSE
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Friday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to head lower but have a strong support at levels around 8040.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 10.50 points lower at 8,106.50 indicating flat opening on the domestic market.
Investors will now watch out for IIP data for the month of July and CPI inflation data for the month of August which are scheduled for Friday.
CPI for the month of August is likely to moderate to 7.9 per cent as compared to 7.96 per cent recorded in the month of July, said an ET Now Poll.
However, IIP data for the month of July is likely to fall to 1.9 per cent as compared to 3.4 per cent recorded in the month of June, added the Poll. IIP likely to be impacted by high base in July
Nifty ended the day with a loss of 8 points at 8085, while Sensex closed 61 points lower at 26995.87 on Thursday. Amongst the sectoral indices the BSE HC index lost the most whereas BSE FMCG index ended the day in the green.
"In the immediate term the level of 8,040 would continue to serve as an important support for the index. Whether or not this support is respected in next few sessions will decide the future course of action," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"A respect of this support would indicate a bounce back till 8130 - 8150 range. On the higher side 8200 - 8230 may serve as a resistance for the index," added the report.
If 8040 is breached, then it would be further sign of weakness which may take the Index may down to 8005 - 7980 range, says the brokerage firm.
The level of 7920 is the level below which Nifty may face additional selling pressure. The index appears highly overstretched on the upside and we recommend a trailing stop loss of 7920 for all long positions.
Overnight, US stocks ended flat with the S&P 500 managing a slight gain as energy prices and oil stocks turned higher and financials lent support.
"U.S. crude oil futures ended up 1.3 percent, while Brent was flat. U.S. crude prices have lost roughly 3 percent so far this month while the S&P energy index is down 3.8 percent," Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 19.71 points, or 0.12 percent, to 17,049, the S&P 500 gained 1.76 points, or 0.09 percent, to 1,997.45 and the Nasdaq Composite added 5.28 points, or 0.12 percent, to 4,591.81.
Asian shares were trading mixed. Japan's Nikkei 225 index which was trading 0.32 per cent higher at 15,960 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.43 per cent lower at 24,561.
South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.36 per cent higher at 2,041 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.10 per cent lower at 2,309.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Market cues to give you a head start ahead of macro data todaySep 12, 2014, 08.11 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mkt cues to give you a head start ahead of macro data today
US markets recovered from day's low to end flat as a rebound in crude offsets geopolitical concerns while Asia is quiet in morning trade. In other asset classes, the dollar was steady near its 14-month peak while Brent crude prices saw modest recovery to USD 98 per barrel.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mkt cues to give you a head start ahead of macro data today
US markets recovered from day's low to end flat as a rebound in crude offsets geopolitical concerns while Asia is quiet in morning trade. In other asset classes, the dollar was steady near its 14-month peak while Brent crude prices saw modest recovery to USD 98 per barrel.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Indian equity market is likely to open flat with a slight negative bias, as suggested by SGX Nifty that was trading at 8104, down 13 points.
In the US, stocks cut losses to close mixed as geopolitical tensions lingered ahead of consumer data. Boosted by low oil prices, transports also gained and helped stocks turn positive.
And in Europe, shares closed lower on concerns regarding us military action and the independence vote in Scotland.
In the currency space, the dollar hovered below a 14-month peak against a basket of major currencies as the sell-off in sterling and the euro tapered off, but commodity currencies remained under pressure.
In commodities, crude prices rebounded from multi-month lows as global tensions and profit-taking momentarily outweighed fears about ample supply. Separately IEA expects global oil demand to grow by 0.9 million barrels a day in 2014. That's a drop of 65,000 barrels per day, compared with last month's forecast.
From precious metals space, gold logged its fourth straight daily loss yesterday, weighed by increasing speculation that the US Federal Reserve could soon raise rates sooner than expected. It was trading around USD 1240 an ounce.
Back home, Sensex slipped below 27,000 but the Nifty managed to recover most of its losses led by gains in financials . However, it was the mid and small caps that stole the show with a decent rise. ( More details )
In key macro data to watch, IIP for July and CPI for august to be released today. A CNBC-TV18 poll sees IIP falling to 1.7 percent month on month primarily due to weak core sector data and base effect. CPI on the other hand is likely to soften to 7.7 percent mainly on account of food inflation. Core inflation will be key and could surprise with market expectation anywhere between 6.9 percent to 7.3 percent.
Arun Jaitley's ministries are locking horns over merging the debt-ridden national spot exchange with its promoter Financial Technologies . Corporate affairs ministry says the merger is against the interest of Financial Technologies’ shareholders but Fin Min believes the merger will hasten the recovery process.
In other news, former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran pressurised and forced Sivasankaran to sell his stake in Aircel to Maxis , says the CBI before the special court. The chargesheet also alleges that Marans received illegal gratification.
RELATED NEWS

Ringzhen Shastri: Man who helped RSS reach L...(REPRESENTATIVE IMAGE:…)
LEH: For Ringzhen Tundup Shastri , the floods sweeping Kashmir valley is like yesterday once more.
Shastri, a practising Buddhist like many Ladakhis, was a part of the relief effort in 2010 when a cloudburst caused massive floods and wiped away entire villages in the region.
His 'voluntary organisation', the Ladakh Phande Tsogspa (LPT), was among those which sought to fill in where the government failed, earning goodwill from locals and contributing to the creation of a fertile ground for the first ever LS victory for the BJP from Ladakh.
Shastri, a 'scholar' of comparative religion from Banaras, is the head of RSS in Leh district; and President of the Tsogspa or 'Ladakh Welfare Sangh', which is a front organization of the RSS. Parivar activists see the floods of 2010 as a watershed event in Ladakh for the organization as hostility from locals towards it decreased notably following its extensive relief work carried out in the aftermath of the floods.
"In Ladakh, people do not know us as the Sangh. They all know Phande Tsogpa, because of our relief work after the 2010 flashfloods. Like the Kashmir's floods today, Ladakh also saw devastation and we put in severe effort in helping the flood affected, which created goodwill for us," Shastri said. But this was not always the case.
In the early 80s, when a team of RSS workers sought to put up the first shakha in Ladakh, there was resistance from Buddhists as well as political parties, as the latter was perceived as a 'missionary organisation' working with an agenda to convert people to Hinduism.
Ladakh Pracharak Dhaniram says, "We had to assure people that, unlike some Christian NGOs, we are not here to convert people from Buddhism to Hinduism." According to BJP's Leh president Cheering Dorjee, anti-RSS hostility grew during the NDA's first reign. "Then J&K Pracharak Indresh Kumar pushed for the Sindhu Darshan Yatra, which was taken up by Atal Bihari Vajpayee and LK Advani by officially inaugurating it on the banks of the river outside Leh town. I think there was some Hindu agenda in that, which they could not fully realise then," Dorjee explained.
He further claimed that the "Hindu Agenda" could not be realised because of anti-RSS campaign by the Ladakh Buddhist Association, Congress and National Conference. But a combination of different tactical measures adopted by the Parivar's outfits helped it overcome the social opposition.
THE LADAKH MODEL OF THE PARIVAR
Committed Buddhist cadres like Shastri and Vice President of LPT, Lama Tashi from Zanskar, were uniquely placed to allay fears among Buddhist majority about the RSS.
For, both are practicing Buddhists of the Mahayana school and the local Buddhist religious organizations appear to be favourably disposed towards them.
Pracharak Dhaniram detailed some subtle but symbolically important practices adopted in Sangh-run institutions here. "We told them (the Buddhists) our agenda is nationalist, not religious. At our Shakhas, we started hoisting both the RSS' saffron as well the colourful Buddhist flag. In schools, we recited Sanskrit prayers as well as Buddhist goddess Manjushree's prayers. This assured the local people that we are not here to carry out conversions," he said.
Other RSS full timers point out towards the social welfare activities taken up since 2010. "When local residents witnessed work done by 'Phande Tsogspa' and Seva Bharati, they warmed up to us.
Schools, computer training centres, environment awareness seminars get better response now," said a pracharak from Jammu. Today, there are at least four active Shakhas in Leh town, and more are sought to be made operational.
BUDDHIST CLERGY WARMS UP TO RSS
Konchuk Namgyal of the Ladakh Gompa Association, which controls all monasteries, said, he has heard positive things about LPT's activities.
"They even call me for their annual Sindhu Darshan yatra, as has been their practice for the past few years of calling five Buddhist priests to offer prayers alongside Hindu priests. I attended it once in 2013. While I am aware about the agenda to convert Buddhists to Hinduism, I have not seen anything like that so far. If they do it, we will oppose it," he said. Dr Tondup Tsewang of LBA was a little more circumspect. "I do not know of links between LPT and RSS.
I had heard about Phande Tsogspa while co-ordinating relief works of NGOs in 2010. They were very much involved in the work," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Morning Bets:  BUY  or  SELL  ideas from experts for Friday'BUY' or 'SELL' ideas from experts for Friday, 12 September 2014
ET Now Sep 12, 2014, 08.30AM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(ET Now spoke to various experts…)
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Friday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets.
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Sona Koyo Steering Systems Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 72 and a stop loss of Rs 55
Heritage Foods Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 385 and a stop loss of Rs 360
SKS Microfinance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 362 and a stop loss of Rs 335
Kaveri Seeds Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1040 and a stop loss of Rs 970
The KCP Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 64 and a stop loss of Rs 50
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Divi's Laboratories Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1765 and a stop loss of Rs 1700
Federal Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 134 and a stop loss of Rs 126.50
JustDial Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 1640 and a stop loss of Rs 1701
Sun Pharma Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 795 and a stop loss of Rs 838
McLeod Russel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 310 and a stop loss of Rs 292
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Kalpataru Power Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 192 and a stop loss of Rs 175
Corporation Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 360 and a stop loss of Rs 327
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 206 and a stop loss of Rs 190
HCL Infosystems Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 87 and a stop loss of Rs 77.50
Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 595 and a stop loss of Rs 634
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Industrial output growth seen at 1.8% y-o-y:...indian economy
(Country's industrial output…)
NEW DELHI: Country's industrial output growth likely slowed for a second straight month in July, while inflation probably remained high, with Asia's third-largest economy struggling to make a sustained recovery from its longest stretch of sub-par growth in decades.
Output from mines, utilities and factories is forecast to grow 1.8 per cent year-on-year, slower than June's 3.4 per cent rise, according to a Reuters poll of economists. Output growth had hit a 19-month high of 5.0 per cent in May.
Retail inflation, which the central bank tracks for setting its lending rates, probably edged down marginally to 7.80 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent a month ago, the poll showed.
The numbers come weeks after the economy posted its fastest growth in 2-1/2 years, helped by a revival in industrial activity, prompting Prime Minister Narendra Modi to paint a rosier outlook for coming quarters.
However, high inflation would make it tougher for the government to encourage consumers, who power nearly 60 per cent of the economy, to loosen their purse strings. It would also make the central bank wary of lowering interest rates later this month.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which wants to reduce retail inflation to 6 per cent by 2016, left interest rates steady last month, citing inflationary risks from late monsoon rains.
While falling global crude prices, moderating vegetable prices, a stable rupee and a favourable statistical base will likely ease inflation, the RBI is widely expected to keep rates on hold when it reviews its monetary policy on Sept. 30.
Radhika Rao, an economist at DBS Bank, said the prospect of a revival in demand-driven price pressures following a pick-up in economic activity could ensure a status quo on interest rates at least until end-March.
"The RBI is expected to maintain a cautious stance and keep the benchmark rate on hold in 2014/15," she said.
Modi won India's strongest electoral mandate in 30 years in May, vowing to lift sliding economic growth, cool inflation and create enough jobs for its young workforce.
The optimism fanned by Modi's rise to power has already brought inflows of nearly $14 billion of foreign funds into Indian equities this year as investors bet that his drive to cut red tape would revive stalled projects and underpin the economic recovery.
To sustain this euphoria, economists say, Modi must overhaul India's strained public finances, stringent land acquisition laws, chaotic tax regime and rigid labour rules.
"... the pro-business government has facilitated the investment climate and boosted confidence, but more needs to be done to get back to a period of high growth and low inflation," said Rohini Malkani, an analyst at Citi.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Kerala s new liquor policy on holdNEW DELHI, September 11, 2014
Updated: September 11, 2014 23:59 IST
Kerala's new liquor policy on hold
Krishnadas Rajagopal
The Hindu Ordering status quo on Kerala's liquor policy till Sept. 30, a Sepreme Court Bench left it to the Kerala High Court to decide the future course on the issue.
TOPICS
social issue
Let the High Court decide the future course, says Supreme Court
The Supreme Court on Thursday stopped the Kerala government from implementing its new liquor policy under which 730 bar owners were asked to shut shop while sparing five-star hotels. The policy was to be implemented from September 12.
Ordering status quo till September 30, a Bench of Justices Anil R. Dave and U.U. Lalit left it to the Kerala High Court, which is scheduled to hear the plea of affected bar owners on September 18, to decide the future course.
‘This is not the way out’
The Bench acknowledged that drinking was a social problem which ruined families but said an abrupt halt, by shutting down certain establishments and leaving untouched five-star hotels and toddy shops, was not the way to tackle it.
“If it [drinking] is a social problem, then stop it for everybody. This has gone on for years. Why stop it abruptly? If you [State government] think this is a bad thing, stop it. But do it for everyone,” Justice Dave told senior advocate Kapil Sibal, counsel for Kerala.
Mr. Sibal responded that liquor consumption in the State had led to a “social impact on the family and savings of the family are spent on liquor.”
Flawed policy
But senior advocate Fali Nariman, appearing for the bar owners, said the policy was flawed at the outset. “Now a person can very well go to a toddy shop to buy liquor or go home and drink,” he said.
Justice Dave reacted that “individual discipline and not State discipline is what is required.”
Senior advocate Aryama Sundaram, arguing for the bar owners, said: “You cannot distinguish between the rich and the poor. This is like saying let them dance in five-star hotels and not in other hotels.”
Mr. Sibal retorted: “Dance and liquor are different commodities. May be one leads to the other. Till liquor prevails, there is social evil in Kerala.”
Mr. Sundaram, however, questioned this. “But what is the point of this prohibition? Clubs at five-star hotels are allowed. Toddy is left untouched. Only 10 per cent government outlets will be closed every year. The quantity of liquor has not been curbed.”
Senior advocate Ram Jethmalani said bar owners had valid licences till March 31, 2015. They should have been heard before their licences were prematurely forfeited.
Mr. Sibal said licences and their renewal were subject to the conditions imposed by the State government. The bar owners had agreed to them and had no reason to complain now.
But Justice Dave’s reply was a question to the State: “Will it not be better for you to educate the people first?”

Nithari killings: SC to hear Koli s pleaNEW DELHI, September 12, 2014
Updated: September 13, 2014 00:33 IST
Nithari serial killings
Nithari killer’s execution stayed till Oct. 29
Krishnadas Rajagopal
PTI Police take Nithari serial killings convict Surinder Koli to a jail from a special Central Bureau of Investigation court in Ghaziabad. File photo
MEDIA
execution
A three-judge Bench led by Justice H.L. Dattu heard afresh the review petition of Nithari serial killings convict Surinder Koli
The Supreme Court on Friday stayed the execution of Nithari serial killings convict Surinder Koli till October 29. A three-judge Bench led by Justice H.L. Dattu posted the review petition filed by Koli , through counsel Indira Jaising, for detailed hearing on October 28.
The apex court allowed Ms. Jaising to inspect the records in the case and apply for certified copies of statements and confessions made by the accused. Koli is the first condemned man to benefit from a September 3 majority judgment authored by Justice Rohinton Nariman for a Constitution Bench.
The judgment had held that Supreme Court judges should review the question of life and death of a condemned man in public glare rather in the privacy of their chambers. The verdict declared that counsel for the condemned man should be given an opportunity to present oral arguments for a 30-minute duration.
The Constitution Bench led by Chief Justice of India R.M. Lodha had observed that “the fundamental right to life and the irreversibility of a death sentence mandate that oral hearing be given at the review stage in death sentence cases”.
The September 3 verdict declared that the Supreme Court would hear afresh dismissed and pending review petitions of death row convicts, provided they are filed in a month's time from the date of the judgment.
Of the three judges, Justices Dattu and Anil R. Dave were on the original review Bench which had dismissed Koli's review petition on July 25, this year.
On Friday, Justice S.A. Bobde joined the review Bench as required by the September 3 verdict, which said the presence of a third judge would represent an independent and fresh opinion in a death row review.
The revised Supreme Court Rules also requires review petitions of death row convicts to be heard by a Bench of minimum three judges. Friday's hearing comes five days after Justices Dattu and Dave stayed the execution of Koli for a week in a midnight order, just hours before he was to be hanged at Chaudhary Charan Singh jail.
Koli, 42, was found guilty of serial rapes and murders between 2005 and 2006 at his employer, businessman Moninder Singh Pandher's house in Nithari. Remains of several missing children were found near the house.
Koli was sentenced to death in four cases and his death sentence was confirmed by the Supreme Court in 2011.

Snowman IPO launches today: 30% returns guaranteedSep 12, 2014, 10.01 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Will Snowman Logistics give you 30% returns today?
After looking at great response to the issue, which got oversubscribed 60 times supported by QIBs, HNIs as well as retail, expectations for listing price are very high now.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Will Snowman Logistics give you 30% returns today?
After looking at great response to the issue, which got oversubscribed 60 times supported by QIBs, HNIs as well as retail, expectations for listing price are very high now.
Post your opinion here
Sunil Shankar Matkar
moneycontrol.com
Snowman Logistics  shares will list on Friday. It has fixed the issue price at higher end of the price band of Rs 44-47 apiece as majority of the bids were at the higher band.
After looking at great response to the issue, which got oversubscribed 60 times supported by QIBs, HNIs as well as retail, expectations for listing price are very high now.
According to sources, the grey market premium is around Rs 15-23 over the issue price of Rs 47, but experts' range for listing price is 5-45 percent.
Experts that moneycontrol.com spoke to are very bullish on the stock in the long term as it is going to be the listed company in cold chain industry with excellent fundamentals. However, their debut price range for the stock is very high.
Prabhat Anantharaman of Nirmal Bang has minimum listing premium expectations. He sees 5-10 percent listing gains on the stock on Friday due to strong response to the issue, while Astha Jain of Hem Securities expects the stock to list at 10-20 percent premium.
Two other experts are extremely optimistic about the opening price. Manish Bhatt of Prabhudas Lilladher sees opening premium of Rs 59-70, while SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com expects the stock to begin with Rs 70 apiece.
Strategy on debut day
According to Astha Jain, one can still buy the stock at 10 percent premium if one wants to. She advises investors, who got allotment in IPO or will buy at 10 percent premium on listing day, to hold the stock for medium to long term.
She sees 30-40 percent returns over the next one year as she expects strong results from the company.
Anantharaman too said the fundamentals are excellent and as the proxy to growth in Indian economy, the company has huge potential to grow strongly going ahead.
Meanwhile, Manish Bhatt advises buying the stock below Rs 59 or below the equilibrium price arrived in pre-opening session. He expects double the stock price in next one year.
About issue and company
The 4.2 crore publis issue of Snowman, an integrated temperature-controlled logistics services provider, was opened for subscription on August 26-28.
The largest cold chain solutions provider raised Rs 197 crore through the issue, which will be used for setting up new temperature controlled and ambient warehouses, and long term working capital.
The company, which operates 23 temperature-controlled warehouses across 14 locations in India (including Kolkata, Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Bengaluru), proposes to set up another such 6 and 2 ambient warehouses at 6 cities at the cost of around Rs 140 crore.
It has a pan-India presence with warehousing capacity of 58,543 pallets and 3,000 ambient pallets, which is expected to increase to 85,000 pellets in current financial year (FY15) and further to 1 lakh pellets by FY16, said the company in its prospectus.
Brokerages believe its big expansion plan (of raising capacity to 1 lakh pallets by next financial year) is expected to boost the operating performance of the company over the next two years.
Promoter and largest shareholder Gateway Distriparks (GDL) reduced its shareholding to 40.4 percent from 54.04 percent. Other major shareholders include Mitsubishi Corporation, Mitsubishi Logistics Corporation, International Finance Corporation and Norwest Venture Partners VII-A Mauritius.
Revenue and profit growth of the company in last four financial years was very strong, up 40-50 percent on compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) basis. Total income from operations and reported profit after tax in FY14 grew by 35 percent to Rs 153.41 crore and 18 percent to Rs 22.48 crore while operating profit margin expanded to 24.7 percent from 22.4 percent year-on-year.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Here are some stock picks from VK SharmaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are some stock picks from VK Sharma
Watch the interview of VK Sharma, Head Private Broking & Wealth Management at HDFC Securities with Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his reading and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

Indian rupee opens flat at 60.97 per dollarSep 12, 2014, 09.01 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Indian rupee opens flat at 60.97 per dollar
Rupee is expected to trade rangebound to slightly weak tracking the local equity movement. See a range of 60.50-61.50/dollar, says Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian rupee opens flat at 60.97 per dollar
Rupee is expected to trade rangebound to slightly weak tracking the local equity movement. See a range of 60.50-61.50/dollar, says Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian rupee opened flat at 60.97 per dollar against the previous day close of 60.92.
The dollar hovered below a 14-month peak against a basket of major currencies as the sell-off in sterling and the euro tapered off, but commodity currencies remained under pressure.
Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity said, "Expect investors to trade cautiously and track the market closely at higher levels. Rupee is expected to trade rangebound to slightly weak tracking the local equity movement. See a range of 60.50-61.50/dollar."
RELATED NEWS

Sun Pharmaceutical Industries  AGM on Sep 27  2014Sun Pharmaceutical Industries  AGM on Sep 27  2014
Outcome of board meeting of GDL Leasing & FinanceOutcome of board meeting of GDL Leasing & Finance
SBI takes lead in opening accounts under Jan Dhan YojanaSBI takes lead in opening accounts under Jan Dhan Yojana
Goyal Associate s AGM on Sept 30  2014Goyal Associate s AGM on Sept 30  2014
Iraqi PM welcomes Obama s IS strategyIraqi PM welcomes Obama s IS strategy
EC asks UP CEO to file FIR against Yogi AdityanathEC asks UP CEO to file FIR against Yogi Adityanath
Sheila Dikshit says BJP should be given chance to form Delhi govt  stokes controversySheila Dikshit says BJP should be given chance to form Delhi govt  stokes controversy
Court in 2G case: CBI can t kill anyone in the name of big caseCourt in 2G case: CBI can t kill anyone in the name of big case
Sensex dips further; Goes down below 27 thousand markSensex dips further; Goes down below 27 thousand mark
Motherson Sumi  Eicher Motors enter FTSE world indexMotherson Sumi, Eicher Motors enter FTSE world index
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 09, 2014 13:13 IST
Out of the 67 stocks which have been included in the FTSE world index, three stocks are listed on the Indian exchanges
 
 
Over 67 stocks have been added to the FTSE world index index, while 23 stocks have been on the exclusion list.
Out of the 67 stocks which have been included in the FTSE world index, three stocks are listed on the Indian exchanges. The three Indian stocks which have made their entry on to the list are Motherson Sumi System, Eicher Motors and Aurobindo Pharma.
Container Corporation of India is the only stock from the Indian markets which has been excluded from the FTSE world index. These changes in the index constituents of FTSE world index will be effective from the closing of September 19.
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Fourth straight month of inflows for equity funds: CrisilFourth straight month of inflows for equity funds: Crisil
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 09, 2014 12:56 IST
Equity mutual fund assets soared 6.01% to Rs 2.67 trillion in August steered by both inflows and mark-to-market (MTM) gains.
 
 
Assets under management (AUM) of mutual funds rose to a new high of Rs 10.13 trillion in August, edging ahead of Mays Rs 10.11 trillion peak, according to data from the Association of Mutual Funds in India (AMFI). Month-on-month, industry AUM rose 0.63%, or Rs 63.72 bn, from Rs 10.06 trillion in July, driven by equity mutual funds.
 
Equity mutual fund assets soared 6.01% to Rs 2.67 trillion in August steered by both inflows and mark-to-market (MTM) gains. With the rally in equities stoking interest, the category clocked inflows for the fourth straight month at Rs 53.64 bn. To be sure, thats lesser than the Rs 108.45 bn seen in July, but consolidated inflows since the beginning of 2014 now stand at Rs 242.98 bn. The CNX Nifty Index, which is the underlying asset class for this category of mutual funds, gained 3.02% in August on positive domestic and international cues.
 
Balanced funds log highest inflows in 79 months
Similarly, the equity rally also helped balanced funds (hybrids that invest mostly in equity and a smaller portion in debt) crank up AUM for the fourth straight month. Assets rose 6.64%, or by Rs 10.76 bn to Rs 172.93 bn, on the back of inflows of Rs 4.48 bn the highest since January 2008 and MTM gains. The categorys standard benchmark, represented by CRISIL Balanced Fund, Index edged up 2.13% in the month.
 
ETFs, too, ride the wave
Assets under management at exchange traded funds (ETFs) also ascended, reaching Rs 52.39 bn, or up 3.07%, owing to inflows and MTM gains amid increasing appetite for equity-oriented funds.
 
Outflows continue to weigh on income funds
Conversely, just like in July, August also saw heavy redemptions from income funds. Sentiment for the category dampened after the Union Budget on July 10, when the long-term capital gains tax on debt-oriented mutual funds was doubled to 20% and the definition of 'long term investment' was tripled to 36 months. Heres how outflows panned out in August: closed-end income funds (mostly fixed maturity plans) saw Rs 85.57 bn (vs Rs 49.26 bn in July) move out, open-end income funds Rs 37.91 bn (vs. Rs 42.30 bn) and interval funds by Rs 3.48 bn (Rs 9.24 bn). On a consolidated basis, income funds posted outflows of Rs 126.96 bn the highest since December 2011 resulting in a fall of 2.23% or Rs 105.37 bn in AUM to Rs 4.61 trillion. MTM gains in the underlying assets saved further blushes.
 
Outflows in liquid funds curbs industry-wide asset gains
AUMs of liquid funds haemorrhaged by outflows of Rs 58.64 bn, capping asset gains in the industry. The category, however, managed to rise marginally by 0.33% or Rs 8.15 bn to Rs 2.45 trillion due to MTM gains.
 
Gilt funds reverses previous months inflows
AUMs of gilt funds fell 3.45%, or Rs 1.95 bn to Rs 54.50 bn, in August due to outflows of Rs 2.09 bn, more than reversing the inflows of Rs 1.10 bn in July. This was primarily because of uncertainty on easing of interest rates. The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in its bi-monthly monetary policy review on August 5, 2014, kept the repo rate unchanged at 8% as it remained committed to containing consumer price inflation (CPI) below 8% by January 2015. Total outflows in the category since the start of 2014 now stands at Rs 24.50 bn.
 
Gold ETFs see outflows for 15th consecutive month
Gold ETFs continued to witness outflows (Rs 1.12 bn) for the 15th straight month with AUM falling 1.44%, or Rs 1.12 bn, to Rs 76.61 bn with the underlying yellow metal shedding sheen for investors. The price of gold (represented by the CRISIL Gold Index) fell 0.10% in August.
 
Table 1 Month-on-month mutual fund flows and AUM distribution
Mutual fund category
Net Inflow/ Outflow (Rs bn)
Month-end AUM (Rs bn)

Facebook s market value crosses $200 bn markFacebook's market value crosses $200 bn mark
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 09, 2014 11:44 IST
According to reports, future prospects for Facebook are bright because the firm is yet to monetise acquisitions.
 
Social networking site Facebook market value has crossed the $200 bn mark, according to reports.
According to reports, future prospects for Facebook are bright because the firm is yet to monetise acquisitions.
The company also announced that it has 100 million users in Africa, report says.
Facebook has acquired virtual reality headset maker Oculus VR Inc for nearly $2 bn.
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Jaguar takes over London; unveiling new Jaguar XEJaguar takes over London; unveiling new Jaguar XE
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 09, 2014 11:29 IST
Jaguar has been working with multi-platinum, British singer songwriter Emeli Sand to create a FEEL XE track which has been inspired by the public through social media
 
Jaguar XE
Tonight, Jaguar reveals special events across London at iconic locations to mark the world premiere of the new Jaguar XE, the brands new sports saloon.  With live performances and exhilarating stunts on the River Thames and at Earls Court, Jaguar celebrated British creativity and innovation as part of the dramatic unveiling of the Jaguar XE.
 
Jaguar has been working with multi-platinum, British singer songwriter Emeli Sand to create a FEEL XE track which has been inspired by the public through social media. Fans were asked What makes you feel Exhilarated? using #FEELXE.
 
Emeli premiered the new track, Feels Like, live on the Thames as part of an exclusive 45-minute set on a floating stage positioned in the middle of the river with the London Eye and County Hall as a backdrop.
 
A crowd of 300 fans watched from a nearby boat and assembled crowds were treated to a projection-mapping spectacle on County Hall that included the publics social media insights that inspired the song. To create a truly stunning setting, landmarks including The London Eye, County Hall and Shell Building were turned red, while a series of red flares were launched along the river to turn the skyline red during the performance.
 
Emeli Sand said: This unique collaboration with Jaguar has been a great experience.  Being able to interact and engage with my fans to create this song is something that I am immensely proud of. Its even more special to have had the opportunity to perform it live for the first time in such a breathtaking setting as part of the Jaguar XE celebrations.
 
Jaguar began its celebrations earlier in the night with a star-studded event at Earls Court, the home of 14 Jaguar debuts since 1935. An audience of over 3,000 VIP guests were in attendance, including Stella McCartney, David Gandy, Damian Lewis, Jos Mourinho, Brian Johnson, Sam Riley, Gary Lineker, Ruben Cortada, Example and Sienna Guillory.
 
The show was narrated by actor John Hannah and included performances by Emeli Sand, The Kaiser Chiefs, Eliza Doolittle, the Royal Ballet, members of the London Philharmonic Orchestra and Max Milner from The Voice. Each performance brought to life significant moments in the history of Jaguar, from the launch of the SS100 in 1935 to the global success of the current Jaguar line-up. The show culminated in a spectacular reveal of the Jaguar XE, showing its dramatic journey from the new XE state-of-the-art Manufacturing facility in Solihull, UK to Earls Court.
 
The journey began with 1,000 employees at Solihull forming an XE shape as the Red Arrows flew past in formation as the car was air-lifted by helicopter to start its journey to London. The helicopter carried the car along the Thames to Tower Bridge before being placed on a high-speed landing craft to continue its journey to Chelsea Harbour. The final leg from Battersea Bridge saw the XE escorted by two 1960s Mark II Jaguar Police Cars into the Earls Court Arena. Six manufacturing Robots formed a Guard of Honour to reveal the car to the seated audience watching live and the thousands watching online around the world.
 
Phil Popham, Group Marketing Director of Jaguar Land Rover said: The Jaguar XE is a really exciting car. It will be a true drivers car that looks great and the 27,000 entry price makes it a very attainable Jaguar. Such a significant car for Jaguar deserved a suitably fitting world premiere here in Britain where the car is designed, engineered and manufactured.
 
Renowned British designer Stella McCartney will be revealing her Parisian FEEL XE experience later this month, with Idris Elbas FEEL XE project to follow.
 
The new, rear-drive Jaguar XE features advanced lightweight construction, exciting design, luxurious interior and outstanding ride and handling. Indicative pricing for the XE range is from 27,000 with low cost of ownership due to highly competitive fuel economy, emissions, insurance ratings, service intervals and residual values. The XE goes on sale in 2015, with the high-performance S model at the top of the range.

Dozens Of Gruesome Videos Document Abuses In Nigeria'Hunting Boko Haram': Gruesome Videos Document Abuses In Nigeria
Posted:
reddit
Dozens of gruesome videos appear to show horrifying abuses by Nigerian security forces and state-sponsored militias as part of a battle against the Islamist extremist group Boko Haram. The existence of the videos was revealed in " Hunting Boko Haram ," a new documentary by PBS Frontline.
Desperate to combat the rise of Boko Haram, Nigerian authorities launched a massive crackdown against the group in 2009 called " Operation Flush. " Human rights organizations such as Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have long accused security forces of committing massive human rights violations during the operation, including kidnappings, torture, extrajudicial killings and the arrests and murders of countless of civilians with no ties to the insurgent group.
The grainy videos obtained by Evan Williams for PBS Frontline appear to document some of these abuses. According to a militiaman who said he took part in some of the killings and ferried dozens of bodies to a morgue in northeast Nigeria , he and his colleagues were trained by Nigerian security forces.
Williams also spoke with several civilians in Nigeria’s northeast who said their brothers, fathers, sons or neighbors disappeared after being taken by militiamen or government forces during operations against Boko Haram. They said that many of the prisoners never returned and had no connections to Boko Haram.
Former U.S. ambassador to Nigeria John Campbell says in the documentary that the videos confirm reports of abuses that have been circulating for years.
Watch "Hunting Boko Haram" in the videos below or on your local PBS channel on Tuesday September 9.
WARNING: VIDEO CONTAINS GRAPHIC FOOTAGE
frameborder="0" allowfullscreen>
frameborder="0" allowfullscreen>
More:

Sensex logs worst drop in a month on profit-bookingstock exchanges
The benchmark Sensex on Wednesday logged its worst single-day fall in over a month as it slipped about 208 points to end at 27,057.41 hit by losses in bluechips, including RIL, Infosys and ITC, on sustained profit-booking after the recent rally and weak global cues.
In addition, the rupee dipped below the 61-mark against the U.S. dollar intra-day on concerns the U.S. may raise interest rates sooner than investors had expected.
The 30-share BSE index remained in negative territory during the session on widespread selling. It slumped to a low of 27,018.11, before ending at 27,057.41 — a net loss of 207.91 points, or 0.76 per cent. This is its second straight session of declines after it slipped by 54.53 points on Tuesday.
On Monday, it had hit record highs as oil price fell and fund inflows picked up pace.
Wednesday’s nearly 208-point drop is the biggest fall for Sensex since it lost 259.87 points on August 8, 2014.
On similar lines, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty fell below the crucial 8,100 mark and closed 58.85 points, or 0.72 per cent, down at 8,094.10 on Wednesday. It had lost 20.95 points in the previous session.
Select buying in realty and power sector stocks cushioned losses, where as rupee falling to a one-month low and weakening global markets affected sentiments, said equity brokers.
Major losers that dragged down the indices include Hero MotoCorp, Infosys, ITC, Coal India, HDFC Ltd, HDFC Bank, BHEL, L&T, Maruti Suzuki, M&M, SBI, Tata Motors, TCS and Wipro. Overall, 22 Sensex stocks declined while 8 ended up.
Sector-wise, the BSE Consumer Durable sector index suffered the most by falling 1.56 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas index 1.49 per cent, FMCG index by 1.48 per cent, IT index by 1.06 per cent and Capital Goods index by 0.99 per cent.
However, broader markets showed rise with BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices ending 0.08 per cent and 0.60 per cent up.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs. 479.40 crores on Tuesday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.

Rupee dips below 61-mark  ends 35 paise lowerforeign exchange market
In line with weak stocks, the rupee on Wednesday fell below 61-mark against dollar and ended at a four-week low of 60.95, down 35 paise, on growing concern that U.S. hiking interest rates sooner-than-expected will hit inflows.
Continued dollar demand from importers and some banks too weighed on the rupee value that intra-day hit a low of 61.04, said forex brokers.
Fears rose that U.S. Federal Reserve might raise interest rates earlier than expected on improving economic data, compelling foreign investors to cut back on exposure to emerging markets, including India, they added.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit resumed bearish at 60.80 a dollar from previous close of 60.60. It attempted to reverse the track and soon touched a high of 60.75.
The rupee, however, again fell back sharply and hit a low of 61.04 — a level not seen since August 14 when it logged a low of 61.13. It finally settled at 60.95, a net fall of 35 paise or 0.58 per cent.
The 35 paise drop is the local currency’s worst single day loss since 65 paise fall on August 6. On Tuesday, it plunged by 31 paise or 0.51 per cent.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex dropped by 207.91 points, or 0.76 per cent. FPIs/FIIs had bought shares worth $89.50 million on Tuesday, as per provisional data. The dollar index, against six major rivals, showed hardly any change in overseas market on Wednesday.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said: “Indian Rupee lost over half a per cent taking cues from strong dollar which is already at elevated levels against global peers.”
Anindya Banerjee, currency analyst, Kotak Securities, said unwinding of offshore-onshore spreads may have also played a role in the recent rupee fall.
“Over past couple of sessions, the surge in dollar/rupee has occurred on the back of narrowing of the spreads between onshore and offshore traded rupee forwards. At the same time, exchange traded futures have witnessed a sharp fall in their open interest positions,” Mr. Banerjee said.

Toronto s Controversial Mayor Rob Ford HospitalizedToronto Mayor Rob Ford Hospitalized With Suspected Tumor
 | By                                                                ROB GILLIES
Updated:
09/10/2014 10:00 pm EDT
Mayor Rob Ford talks during a City Council debate in Toronto on Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2013. Toronto Mayor Rob Ford admitted Wednesday that he bought illegal drugs in the past two years and that he will not step down. (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Nathan Denette) | ASSOCIATED PRESS
reddit
TORONTO (AP) — Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has been admitted to a hospital and is believed to have a tumor in his abdomen, health officials said Wednesday.
Dr. Rueben Devlin from Humber Regional Hospital said Ford had been complaining of abdominal pains and that an examination has resulted in a working diagnosis of a tumor.
He said Ford had been suffering from stomach pains for at least three months and they had worsened in the last 24 hours.
"It became unbearable for him," he said.
Ford, 45, became an international celebrity last year after he acknowledged using crack in a "drunken stupor" following months of denials. The mayor returned to work in June after a rehab stint for drug and alcohol abuse and is running for re-election on Oct. 27.
Devlin said they need to determine what type of tumor it is by doing a biopsy. He said he could not say how long Ford will be in the hospital.
Devlin said the CT scan is "very definitive for the tumor" but a "definitive diagnosis" is still to come.
The Toronto Sun reported that Ford was hospitalized in 2009 for a tumor on his appendix, leading to its removal along with part of his colon. Doug Ford Sr., the mayor's farther, died of colon cancer in 2006.
 Councilor Doug Ford, the mayor's brother and campaign manager, said Rob is in good spirits.
Doug Ford sidestepped questions about the mayoral race, saying he would speak about the campaign on Thursday. Although campaigning has been underway for months, the official deadline for candidates to sign up is Friday. That leaves time for Doug Ford, a city councilor, to step in for his brother, a possibility some have long speculated about.
Doug deflected a question about Rob's previous health issues.
Doug said Rob complained of stomach pain while he had breakfast with Rob.
"He said his stomach was bothering him. He went to the doctor's and the doctor sent him over to Humber," Doug Ford said.
Dennis Morris, Ford's lawyer and a family friend, said he spoke to the mayor on Tuesday and he didn't mention any abdominal pain. Ford appeared well during a debate on Tuesday night.
The mayor has steadfastly refused to step down since reports emerged of a video of him smoking crack.
Olivia Chow, who is running to replace Ford, tweeted that her thoughts and hopes are with Ford and his family for good news in the days ahead. John Tory, considered the front runner in the race, wished Ford a speedy recovery.
"My thoughts are with Mayor Ford, Renata, their children and the entire Ford family this evening," Tory said in a statement.
More:

Nifty struggles below 8100; banks FMCG firm  pharma weakSep 11, 2014, 01.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty struggles below 8100; banks & FMCG firm, pharma weak
The cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA) has waved the green flag to sell stake in Coal India, ONGC and NHPC and are set to garner over Rs 45,700 crore at current market rates. Retail investors are also set to get a 20 percent reservation in this stake sale.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty struggles below 8100; banks & FMCG firm, pharma weak
The cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA) has waved the green flag to sell stake in Coal India, ONGC and NHPC and are set to garner over Rs 45,700 crore at current market rates. Retail investors are also set to get a 20 percent reservation in this stake sale.
Post your opinion here
13:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:50 pm FII view: Brokerage house Morgan Stanley says the widely held view that India is at the beginning of a new multi-year bull market like the one seen in 2003-04, may not be correct. According to the brokerage, while there are some similarities, there are plenty of dissimilarities as well. In a nutshell, the macro and market environment were much more appealing at the start of bull market in 2003-04
“The similarities we found were the state and direction of global liquidity, the 2-year forward expectation of earnings growth, which was 15% for both periods, the ending point of absolute valuation multiples and sector performance ranks," says the Morgan Stanley note.
1:30 pm Interview: Crude prices have softened of late and paint companies feature among the top benefactors owing to lower input costs. Abhijit Roy, MD, Berger Paints believes the reduction in crude prices will aid gross margins, however adds that most of the company’s raw materials will have no impact from the crude fall. Roy rules out any price hikes in the short-term given softness in input prices.
Although there is no material pick-up in volumes so far, the paint company is confident of achieving margins in the range of 11-12 percent on the back of their market share having improved to current 19-20 percent, he says in an interview with CNBC-TV18. While the automotive segment is seeing signs of uptick, a revival in the infrastructure space will abet growth in industrial paint segment, he adds.
Don't miss: HPCL gains 3%; Macqauire raises target, falling crude aids
The Nifty continues to trade weak for the third day in a row.  The Sensex is down 77.96 points at 26979.45, and the Nifty down 14.65 points at 8079.45.
Sun Pharma, Coal India, ONGC, Wipro and M&M are top laggards in the Sensex. Among the gainers are SBI, HUL, HDFC, Hero MotoCorp and NTPC.
The cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA) has waved the green flag to sell stake in Coal India, ONGC and NHPC and are set to garner over Rs 45,700 crore at current market rates. Retail investors are also set to get a 20 percent reservation in this stake sale.
Speaking at the Economist India Summit 2014 Power & Coal Minister Piyush Goyal said that the government does not intend to fully exit Coal India and the Supreme Court's decision on the coal allocation issue will help re-orient Coal India.
Japan's Nikkei share average rose to an eight-month high on Thursday as the weak yen lifted sentiment and a meeting between the central bank governor and prime minister boosted expectations of additional easing in the long-term.
The Nikkei climbed 0.8 percent to 15,909.20, the highest closing level since Jan. 10. The broader Topix hit a six-year high, rising 0.3 percent to 1,311.24.
Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda said he told Prime Minister Shinzo Abe that the central bank will not hesitate to ease policy further if its 2 percent inflation goal becomes difficult to achieve.
12:00

Top 7 runway trends from New York Fashion Weeklifestyle
Top 7 runway trends from New York Fashion Week
From floral dresses, to trendy bags, to fancy footwear, here're top 7 looks and accessories from New York Fashion Week
Betsey Johnson's  final bride threw a bouquet into the audience with a flourish, also half-clothed at the chest, but he was a guy. (Source: AP)
Fashion from Jeremy Scott Spring 2015 collection is modeled during Fashion Week on Wednesday (Source: AP)
Fashion from Jeremy Scott Spring 2015 collection is modeled during Fashion Week on Wednesday (Source: AP)
A RK40L boxer bag from the Reed Krakoff Spring 2015 collection is displayed during a presentation during Fashion Week on Wednesday (Source: AP)
A pair of laceless Oxford shoes from the Reed Krakoff Spring 2015 collection are displayed during a presentation during Fashion Week on Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2014 in New York. (Source: AP)
The Betsey Johnson Spring 2015 collection is modeled during Fashion Week, Wednesday, Sept. 10, 2014, in New York. (Source: AP)

MF exposure to bank stocks hits record high in AugustMF exposure to bank stocks hits record high in August, at Rs 56,600 crore
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 12:53 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Mutual fund (MF) managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to an all-time high of over Rs 56,600 crore in August, making it the seventh consecutive monthly rise in capital infusion.
According to the latest data available with market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), MF investments in bank stocks reached Rs 56,625 crore as on August 31, accounting for 20.10 per cent of their total equity assets under management (AUMs) of Rs 2.81 lakh crore.
At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to banking sector since August 2009. Data is not available for sector-wise exposure before August 2009, when the equity funds had deployed Rs 22,587 crore (12.73 per cent) in banking shares.
The previous high was in July this year when investment in the sector rose to Rs 55,086 crore.
Since January, MFs have been raising their exposure to banking shares.
Software was the second most preferred sector with MFs, with an exposure of Rs 29,668 crore, followed by pharma (Rs 19,394 crore), auto (Rs 17,754 crore) and finance (Rs 15,116 crore).
Mutual funds are investment vehicles made up of a pool of funds collected from a large number of investors. MFs invest in stocks, bonds, money market instruments and similar assets.
According to market participants, MFs have been showing interest in banking stocks since the beginning of the year amid rising equity market.
They believe that the ongoing market rally might see mutual fund assets getting diversified.
Meanwhile, the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Bankex and the benchmark 30-share Sensex witnessed a surge of around three per cent in August.
This year has seen a consistent growth in investment in banking stocks by equity fund mangers and fund infusion has grown from Rs 30,339 crore in January to Rs 56,625 crore in August.
In percentage term, exposure has risen from 16.6 per cent to 20.10 per cent during the period.

Asia arms up to counter growing Chinese mightPrint
In this May 24, 2014 photo, China's Harbin (112) guided missile destroyer, left, and DDG-139 Ningbo Sovremenny class Type-956EM destroyer, right, take part in a week-long China-Russia "Joint Sea-2014" navy exercise at the East China Sea off Shanghai, China. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Vietnam | Posted: September 11, 2014 3:35 pm
Vietnam has nearly doubled its military spending, Japan is requesting its biggest-ever defense budget and the Philippines is rushing to piece together a viable navy.
Several Asian nations are arming up, their wary eyes fixed squarely on one country: a resurgent China that’s boldly asserting its territorial claims all along the East Asian coast.
The scramble to spend more defense dollars comes amid spats with China over contested reefs and waters. Other Asian countries such as India and South Korea are quickly modernizing their forces, although their disputes with China have stayed largely at the diplomatic level.
Asian countries now account for about half of the world’s arms imports, with China leading the way by quadrupling its annual military budget over the past decade. The growth in military spending has largely kept pace with economic expansion, although it’s been pulling ahead in China, Vietnam and several other countries this year.
China’s goal is to dislodge the U.S. as the dominant power in the Pacific, said Robert D. Kaplan, chief geopolitical analyst for the U.S.-based intelligence research firm Stratfor. Among the stakes are vital shipping lanes in the South China Sea and potentially lucrative pockets of oil and natural gas under East Asian waters.
“The Chinese bet is that it can increase its military capacity in the South and East China seas faster than Vietnam and the Philippines can do so,” Kaplan said. “If China is able to move freely and exercise more control of its adjacent seas, it will become a full-fledged naval power.”
Beijing hasn’t yet caught up to the U.S., which at $665 billion a year, spends more on its military than the next eight countries combined and triple that of China, according to the Stockholm International Peace Institute, a think tank. Still, China’s spending nearly equals the total defense budgets of all 24 other countries in East and South Asia.
Drawing the most attention is China’s submarine fleet, which is projected to match U.S. numbers by 2020, at 78 vessels each. Many of the Chinese submarines will be stationed at a giant underwater base on Hainan island, which juts into the South China Sea.
China’s moves have spurred a submarine shopping spree across Asia. This year, Vietnam received the third of six submarines it ordered from Russia plus maritime patrol aircraft capable of hunting down Chinese subs. Russia is the top continued…

Head of Institutional Equities  Prabhudas LilladherDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

BlackBerry acquires MovirtuNew Delhi, September 11, 2014
Updated: September 11, 2014 20:36 IST
BlackBerry acquires Movirtu
Canadian handset maker BlackBerry has acquired virtual identity solutions provider Movirtu to beef up its offerings for enterprise customers.
Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
The Waterloo, Ontario-based firm said Movirtu’s virtual SIM technology allows an individual to have both a personal and business number on a single mobile device, with separate billing for voice, data and messaging usage on each number.
Therefore, employees can switch between business and personal profiles easily without carrying multiple devices or SIM cards, and charges are appropriately billed to the company and the employee, BlackBerry said in a statement.
This improves device management in bring-your-own device (BYOD) and corporate owned personally enabled (COPE) environments, it added.
“In conjunction with the BlackBerry Enterprise Service (BES) platform, enterprise customers will be able to apply IT policies to the business number without impacting the usability of the device for personal use,” it said.
The new Virtual SIM capabilities will be offered by BlackBerry through mobile operators to provide customers with multiple identity based service offerings on all major smartphone operating systems.
“The acquisition of Movirtu complements our core strategy of providing additional value added services, and it will leverage our key assets, including our BES platform, along with our existing global infrastructure which is connected to a large number of mobile operators around the world,” BlackBerry Executive Chairman and CEO John Chen said.

FDI in online retail will help in aggressive growth: AmazonSep 11, 2014, 08.42 PM IST  | Source: PTI
FDI in online retail will help in aggressive growth: Amazon
Global retail giant Amazon today said allowing foreign direct investment in eCommerce will help in accelerating further growth in the USD 3 billion Indian online retail market.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FDI in online retail will help in aggressive growth: Amazon
Global retail giant Amazon today said allowing foreign direct investment in eCommerce will help in accelerating further growth in the USD 3 billion Indian online retail market.
Post your opinion here
 
Global retail giant Amazon today said allowing foreign direct investment in eCommerce will help in accelerating further growth in the USD 3 billion Indian online retail market.
"We are already very successful but FDI would make possible to spin it more aggressively," Amazon Vice-President and Managing Director India Amit Agarwal told reporters on the sidelines of the Economist India Summit here.
Amazon, which operates on a marketplace model in India, is betting big on the country and has announced investment of USD 2 billion to expand its operations here.
Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) norms in India do not allow FDI in e-commerce. Most e-tailers like Flipkart and Snapdeal follow the online marketplace model, where they connect sellers and buyers.
Amazon, which launched its marketplace in India last year, counts India among its fastest growing markets and has said it is on track to touch USD 1 billion in gross sales here.
In India, Amazon sells over 17 million products across categories like books, apparel and electronics from a growing base of thousands of small and medium-sized businesses. It also plans to open 5 new centres across India in addition to its two fulfilment centres (FCs) in Mumbai and Bangalore.
Apart from foreign players like Amazon, industry bodies like Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) are also supporting the move saying it will help e-commerce firms grow Internet usage in the country and provide players access to funds for investing in technology and back-end operations.
According to IAMAI, only 25 million of over 231 million Internet users in India transacted online (as of December 2013), taking the Indian e-Commerce market to Rs 62,697 crore.
RELATED NEWS

Don t follow straightjacket approach on inflation: RBI#rbi #indira rajaraman #raghuram rajan #cpi #cpi inflation #inflation
New Delhi: Reflecting differences within the Reserve Bank, noted economist and RBI's independent director Indira Rajaraman on Thursday said that the central bank should not follow a straightjacket approach of controlling inflation.
"I think the RBI made things harder for itself by this straightjacket approach of committing themselves to inflation targeting when whole world has abandoned this and has adopted financial stability as the objective of monetary policy," Rajaraman said at an event.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan, who has been under fire for keeping the interest rates high for long, is targeting to keep CPI inflation at 8 per cent in January 2015 and reduce it further to 6 per cent by 2016.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan is targeting to keep CPI inflation at 8 per cent in January 2015 and reduce it further to 6 per cent by 2016.
The Central Bank in its third bi-monthly review of the monetary policy last month left all the key policy rates unchanged citing inflationary pressure, but cut SLR by 0.50 per cent to 22 per cent.
India's economic growth has slipped to sub-5 per cent in 2013-14 and 2012-13 fiscals. In the current financial year, RBI estimates the growth to be 5.5 per cent. In the first quarter of 2014-15 fiscal, the GDP improved to 5.7 per cent, from 4.6 per cent in the corresponding period a year ago.
Food inflation in July stood at 8.43 per cent. The retail inflation was 7.96 per cent and WPI inflation was 5.19 per cent.

Briton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess  sex slaveBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Buy ONGC  CIL  NHPC during govt stake sale: AnalystsPuneet Wadhwa |  New Delhi Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 10:50 PM IST
Buy ONGC, CIL, NHPC during govt stake sale: Analysts
Given that the government has refrained from giving a time frame as to when the issues will hit the market, how should you play ONGC, NHPC and Coal India?
A day after the Union Cabinet paved the way for the government reducing its stakes in Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), Coal India Ltd (CIL) and NHPC, the shares of these companies fell 3.4-5.2 per cent on bourses.
By comparison, the benchmark Sensex ended 0.2 per cent lower, while the BSE public sector undertakings index closed down 0.4 per cent.
The fall in the ONGC, CIL and NHPC stocks comes amid expectations that these issues will be at a discount to their prevailing market price.
In his 2014-15 Budget speech, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had announced a disinvestment target of Rs 58,425 crore for this financial year. Since then, the ONGC stock has rallied eight per cent, while CIL and NHPC have lost ground.
Given the government has refrained from specifying when the three issues will hit the market, many are wondering how they should play these stocks.
Analysts suggest though these stocks remain good long-term bets, one must treat each company on own merits. The possibility of a discount to retail investors in the share sales, however, could be a near-term dampener for these stocks, they say.
“Each stock has its own strengths and weaknesses. While oil prices, production ramp-up and gas price reforms could prove triggers for ONGC, CIL has its own set of dynamics, both for and against it. Since the past few years, NHPC has faced cost overruns, deployment of capital in setting up a hydel plant, securing environmental clearances, etc,” said Mayuresh Joshi, vice-president (institutional), Angel Broking.
Recently, CIL worker unions served a notice to follow ‘work–to–rule’ (doing no more than the least work required) during September 18-20 to protest against several issues, including the move to disinvest stake in the company. Last year, a stake sale in the company had to be deferred, following stiff opposition from trade unions. As a result, the company paid Rs 19,000 as dividend to bridge the shortfall in the government’s coffers.
This time, the government is more resolute and focused on augmenting coal production (which bodes well for CIL’s volume-led earnings growth), analysts say.
The Securities and Exchange Board of India has mandated all listed entities to have free float of at least 25 per cent within three years (currently, CIL’s is 10.35 per cent).
“Worker opposition is likely to persist and the Centre is arguably aware it has a fall-back option for securing the targeted proceeds by asking CIL to dole out a special dividend again. Hypothetically, if the issuance is at Rs 300-350/share, the Centre’s gross receipt will be Rs 18,900-22,100 crore. If this consideration was to be recovered through a special dividend plus dividend tax thereon, the required special dividend will be Rs 28-32.75/share,” Anirudh Gangahar and Archit Singhal of Nomura said in a recent report on the company.
“Overall, the risk of disinvestment overhang does go up, but disinvestment materialising might not be a done deal. We maintain a ‘buy’ rating on the stock,” they added.
Joshi of Angel Broking believes the ONGC issue will see investor appetite, as the government is focusing on the oil & gas sector. For NHPC and CIL, one should have a horizon of two-three years, he says, suggesting retail investors will be better off buying these three stocks through the divestment/offer-for-sale routes, instead of secondary markets, given the possibility of a discount.
 Advertisements

Sundaram Clayton elevates Venu siblings as joint MDsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Love jihad in UP; ban on Muslims entry in garbha venues in MP: Are we sitting on a communal tinderboxDress report row: Hyderabad stands up for Deepika Padukone
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Rupee ends 3 paise higher at 60.93Press Trust Of India |  Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 11:40 PM IST
Rupee ends 3 paise higher at 60.93
At the forex market, the rupee resumed better at 60.87 a dollar and immediately touched a low of 60.9450
Snapping a two-day declining trend, the rupee on Thursday managed to end three paise higher at 60.93 against the greenback. Dollar demand from importers and some banks on hopes of a further rise in dollar value tracking talk of an early interest rate hike by US Fed, mainly led the rupee to veer near its previous closing level of 60.95. At the forex market, the rupee resumed better at 60.87 a dollar and immediately touched a low of 60.9450.
 Advertisements

Govt nudges bankers to skip big private issues for a whileSamie Modak |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:58 AM IST
Govt nudges bankers to skip big private issues for a while
Move aimed at avoiding crowding of public issues during the Centre's mega disinvestments in coming months
The central government has informally asked investment bankers brought in to manage share sales to abstain from taking big private-sector mandates in the coming months.
This is to avoid a glut of new paper at a time when the government wants to dilute its holding in select state-run enterprises. The Centre is aiming to raise about Rs 40,000 crore by divesting holdings in public-sector undertakings. On the list are Steel Authority of India (SAIL), Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), Coal India Ltd and NHPC.
The bulk of the disinvestments were planned during October and November and the department of disinvestment (DoD) wanted to avoid any other big share sale during that period, to ensure smooth sailing, two people with knowledge of the matter said. “The amount the government is planning to raise is unprecedented and bankers have been asked not to crowd the market,” said a source.
Most investment bankers working with the government on the disinvestment programme didn’t want to comment, given the ‘sensitivity’ of the issue.
A DoD official denied having asked bankers not to take private-sector mandates but admitted to have told them to ensure no “clutter”. “We will ensure the issues don’t get cluttered. We have appointed bankers, whose job will be to advise us,” said a senior official in the department.
Experts say market conditions are currently conducive for big share sales. However, the issues have to be properly spaced to ensure healthy participation from institutional investors.
Although there are no big initial public offerings in the immediate pipeline, there have been continuous share sales by listed companies, through qualified institutional placements (QIPs) and block trades, thanks to the market’s buoyancy.
India’s benchmark indices have gained nearly 30 per cent so far in 2014, the highest among major global markets. Equity capital raising of at least Rs 50,000 crore, predominately through QIPs and block trades, has taken place this year. On an average, a little over Rs 6,000 crore has been mobilised every month through equity issuances in listed companies, data from Bloomberg show.
The government is likely to begin the 2014-15 disinvestment programme, where it aims to raise Rs 43,000 crore, by selling five per cent in SAIL later this month.
This could be followed by disinvestments in ONGC and then Coal India, where it could raise about Rs 15,000 crore and Rs 20,000 crore, respectively.
If all these go through in October, considered a good month for institutional flows, it will be a record for fund raising.
Most of the leading investment banking firms are working on share sales of SAIL and ONGC.
Incidentally, in 2011, four investment bankers had come under fire from the government for taking up the mandate for the Tata Steel follow-on public offering (FPO) after being selected to manage the SAIL offering. The timing of both had coincided.
Interestingly, Tata Steel had successfully managed to raise Rs 3,500 crore through its FPO, while SAIL’s planned Rs 8,000 crore offering failed to hit the market.
 Advertisements

Ex-CAG Vinod Rai embarrasses Cong  says Manmohan cant wash hands of 2G  coal scamsComments
Former prime minister Manmohan Singh was aware of the controversial decisions made around the allocation of coal blocks and 2G spectrums that led to massive losses to the state exchequer, Vinod Rai, the former chief auditor of India, said on Thursday.
In an interview to Times Now, Rai also alleged some Congress leaders had sought to apply pressure on him to keep the PM's name out of audit reports.
 
Rai’s comments are his first direct attack against Singh who has so far denied knowledge of the decisions made by his ministers, scandals that rocked his premiership and contributed to the ouster of the Congress party-led UPA government in the April-May Lok Sabha elections.
His allegations are completely baseless and untrue,I challenge his memory-Sanjay Nirupam,Cong on former CAG Vinod Rai pic.twitter.com/W79pAQ3ScW
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 11, 2014
 
“In 2G and coal there is no way he can shirk responsibility,” Rai told the Outlook magazine in an interview published ahead of the September 15 launch of his tell-all book ‘Not Just An Accountant’.
 “In 2G all the letters written by A Raja were to him and he was replying to those letters. I got no reply to any letter I wrote to him.
 
“On one occasion when I called on him, the PM said I hope you don’t expect a reply from me, whereas he was replying to Raja twice a day. So how can he be not held responsible for the onus of that decision?”
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Manmohan Singh and suggested that the former PM was more interested in remaining in power.
Last month, Rai had said political exigency led the former PM to acquiesce to the controversial decisions which have since been ruled as illegal by court. The award of 2G spectrums has been cancelled by the Supreme Court, which is still hearing the case for scrapping the allocation of more than 200 coal blocks.
 
So far, the 81-year-old Singh, prime minister between 2004 and 2014, has been largely seen as a well-intentioned man of high personal integrity but one often unable to assert his authority.
 
Rai’s comments blow a hole into that image.
 
“Integrity is not just financial; it is intellectual integrity; it is professional integrity. You have an oath of allegiance to the constitution and that is important,” the former Comptroller and Accountant General (CAG) said.
 
“You cannot sacrifice everything at the altar of trying to ensure the coalition remains in power. That was his worry.”
 
Rai said Singh told him on 16 November that the CAG’s method of computation of the multi-billion dollar losses was wrong.
 
“I told him ‘Sir, these are the econometric methods that you have taught us’. This was sitting on the stage of Vigyan Bhavan.”
Read: Ex-CAG Rai claims 'outright lie', says Nirupam
Asked if at any stage he was offered support by the Gandhi family or the political establishment, Rai said: “I did not get a single reassuring signal either from the political machinery or the government, except one or two statements from Pranab Mukherjee.” He, however, hinted that the opposition supported the CAG.
 
As CAG, Rai issued a series of audit reports that upbraided Singh’s government for wasteful management or mismanagement of public resources and funds even as they brought corruption to light.
 
In the hands of the media and civil society, the audits became the most potent weapon for an overhaul in the way business is done in India, including spotlighting a shoddy method of governance that enriched the elite at the expense of the state.
Asked if he believed he rocked the UPA government, Rai said: “Yes, but that is okay. I am asking you a direct question – if the figure of Rs. 176,000 crore had not been there how many of you would have taken note of the report?
 
So was the intention to put out a sexy figure?
 
“No, I wanted to put out an alarm signal that this was just a tip of the iceberg,” Rai said.

Will mimicking MFs make money for retail investorsAshok Leyland
(In the past 10 days, asset…)
For years, local fund managers have picked up more winners from a mixed bag of mid- and small-cap stocks than their foreign counterparts. What possibly helped the former lot was continuous monitoring of these companies, regular interactions with managements and a conscious decision to go beyond the balance sheets.
In the past 10 days, asset management companies of HDFC, IDFC, Reliance and UTI have bought shares of some small and little-known companies such as Cigniti Technologies, BL Kashyap & Sons, Automotive Axles, Carborundum Universal and Sanghi Industries. But, should retail investors ape them? ET's Rajesh Mascarenhas analyses...
Automotive Axles
Automotive Axles, the country's largest independent manufacturer of rear drive axle assemblies, is a joint venture of the Kalyani Group and Meritor Inc, US. Ashok Leyland, Tata Motors, Volvo India and SML Isuzu are some of its clients. A week ago, UTI Mutual Fund bought 76,369 shares of the company for Rs 655 a piece. The stock has risen 173 per cent since January. The company has posted a 16 per cent growth in sales at Rs 187 crore for the quarter ended June 2014, while its profit doubled to Rs 5.67 crore. Though valuations remain expensive at 70 times, its trailing 12-month earnings, investors with higher risk appetite may buy this stock.
Cigniti Technologies
Cigniti is an independent software testing services company with a market-cap of Rs 838 crore. In the past 16 years it has worked with Indian and US companies to deliver software through a combination of onsite consulting and offshore delivery. The shares of the company doubled since January to Rs 403 on Thursday. The company's revenue jumped 71 per cent to Rs 259 crore for the year ended March 2014 from Rs 151 crore in the previous year. Net profit grew 411 per cent to Rs 25.55 crore from Rs 5 crore in the previous year. Its reported earnings per share was Rs 12.27, a growth of 361 per cent over the previous year. IDFC Mutual Fund has bought 3 lakh shares of Cigniti at Rs 365. This is a counter for high-risk investors.
Carborundum Universal
HDFC Mutual Fund has purchased 10 lakh shares of Carborundum at Rs 188 per share. Carborundum is currently trading at 19 times oneyear forward P/E, a 45 per cent premium to its eight-year historical average and a 39 per cent premium to its fouryear historical average. The company is facing headwinds across segments due to weak demand and high input costs. However, analysts expect EBITDA margins of the company to improve from FY15, resulting in higher EPS and RoE. Further, the pace of industrial recovery and operating leverage should lead to sharp earnings upgrade for FY16. The stock has risen 33 per cent so far this year. It may be a long-term buy.
 
BL Kashyap & Sons
BL Kashyap is a design and construction company focused on civil and industrial projects. The company has two subsidiaries in the furnishings and real estate development space. The stock has doubled since the beginning of the year, but revenues for the quarter ended June 2014 halved to Rs 174 crore from Rs 336 crore in the yearago period. Its losses widened to Rs 15.40 crore for the quarter ended June 2014 against Rs 2 crore in 2013. HDFC MF recently acquired 14.21 lakh shares at Rs 9.2 per share. ICICI Prudential owns 2.43 per cent stake in the company. Huge debt and pressure on profitability are major concerns. Investors should avoid this stock as there are other companies in this space with better balance sheet and lower valuations.
Sanghi Industries
On Tuesday, Reliance Mutual Fund bought 32.66 lakh shares of Sanghi Industries (a manufacturer of clinker and cement) at Rs 44.50 a share. The promoters' holding as on June 30, 2014, was 71.03 per cent with institutions owning 3.5 per cent as on June 30, 2014. Despite a 187 per cent surge since January, the stock is currently trading at a fair valuation of 22 times its 12-month earnings. Cement stocks in the mid-cap space have certain potential amid expectations that demand would rise with a pick-up in infrastructure projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Why revival of maritime silk route high on Xi Jinping s agenda | Full coverageChina President Xi's India Visit
(During his summit meeting…)
FUJIAN: Revival of the over 4,000-year-old maritime silk route is high on Xi Jinping government's agenda as it tries to enhance trade and business with countries along the sea route in Southeast Asia and South Asia , including India.
During his summit meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi next week in Delhi, Xi is likely to discuss how India will be a key country in this Chinese strategy for exports both via land and maritime silk routes. Fujian will play a significant part in the grand strategy, sources in Fujian provincial government told a select group of reporters, days ahead of Xi's visit. Sources said firms from Fujian-based enterprises could also be part of landmark industrial parks that China is planning in Gujarat and Maharashtra. Announcement for these parks will be made during Xi's trip.
It is not without any reason that Fujian will be the starting point of maritime silk route. It was the starting point of the ancient maritime silk route.
Also, the Chinese president had spent 17 years from 1985 to 2002 in this coastal province when he undertook major economic reforms, pushed foreign investments and launched poverty alleviation programmes as a Communist Party leader and then governor. Fujian is close to Xi's heart and is one of the hubs for foreign investments. Sources said further strengthening business links between India and Fujian will be on Xi's agenda when he is India.
Fujian is one of the first provinces in China to open up to investments from South Asia, Southeast Asia, Asia-Pacific South Asia. Located the along coast, Fujian has inherent advantages. Many Chinese in Southeast Asian nations and Taiwan have their origin in Fujian.
Besides it has a profound marine culture involving shipbuilding, maritime industry, deep sea shipping and sea food processing industry for 4,500 years. Sources pointed out that there is industrial complementary between Fujian and countries along maritime silk route. IT industry, which is strong pillar of Fujian province, is keen to tie-up with Indian software industry. Star-net Communications, a hardware firm headquartered in Fujian exports routers and advanced switches to India. Also, the province boasts of a very developed textile industry that has international markets. ASEAN countries are natural markets for products in Fujian for their geographical proximity. At present, there are 11 enterprises from Fujian in India and it has invested $67 million in wholesale items, shoes, hydropower and telecommunications.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Make in India  to now ring true for Ship bu...Shipping Ministry to soon propose measures to promote 'Made in India' ships
Ruchika Chitravanshi, ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(FM Arun Jaitley in his Budget…)
NEW DELHI: India has so far been a destination for breaking up ships that were done with their duty on the high seas, but the country now wants to become a hub to make them as well. The shipping ministry will soon propose a string of measures to promote shipbuilding, including financial assistance in the range of 5% to 25%, to shipbuilding companies to spur local ship making industry, a senior government official has told ET. The final financial incentive will depend on the extent of indigenous goods used. A Cabinet note detailing the proposal will be moved soon."Shipbuilding sector has a huge multiplier effect on the economy.
We want to promote all the other related industries by encouraging usage of domestic components," the official said. Finance minister Arun Jaitley in his Budget speech in July had said a "comprehensive policy to promote Indian ship building industry" will be announced soon.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi too has emphasised India's underutilised potential in this sector and said that the country should occupy a place in the global shipbuilding market, citing examples of countries such as South Korea. Elaborating his Independence Day speech theme of "Come, make in India" Modi also said that his government would encourage foreign investment in shipbuilding.
He has also said how the sector would help in mobilising skilled manpower. Besides the financial assistance, the shipping ministry is also planning to start a Shipbuilding Development Corporation , which will aggregate all the ship orders of public sector units and bargain for best pricing with the ancillary units to bring down the cost. The Cabinet note will also include setting up of a Centre for Excellence in Ship Design and Research with an initial funding of Rs 10 crore.
The ministry has also been in talks with Infrastructure Finance Corporation of India and Industrial Development Bank of India for setting up a fund of Rs 15,000 crore to extend low-cost loans to shipbuilders.The proposal to extend the shipbuilding subsidy, which came to an end in March 2014, for another 10 years is also in the offing.
The government had extended the shipbuilding subsidy scheme from 2002 to 2007. During this period India's order book went up from from 0.3 million DWT (dead weight tonnage) to nearly 1.3 million DWT. Thereafter, due to the global recession, new ship orders fell significantly. Shipyards have blamed the government for not providing fiscal incentives and assistance towards having a level playing field with the competitors.
"Countries like China and Korea have done well even in the recession years because of both direct and indirect support from their governments," a shipyard association member said. The government has also called for long term cargo support from sectors like petroleum, steel and fertilisers to Indian shipping companies, so that order of vessels pick up. The shipbuilding sector has been reeling under pressure due to oversupply of vessels in the industry and the falling demand for cargo due to the global economic crisis. Most companies have either cancelled their new orders or put them on hold.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K floods: Lakhs still stranded; landslides wreak havoc in Jammu  leave an entire village buried#jammu and kashmir floods #jammu #landslide #srinagar #indian army #ndrf #rescue operations
Jammu/Srinagar: More than 1,10,000 people have been rescued from different parts of the flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir, but the death toll has crossed 200. Lakhs still remain stranded with many of them refusing to leave their homes. Rescuers want all people evacuated as there are concerns about the potential spread of water-borne diseases.
Over 20,000 Army personnel have been carrying out relief operations. 800 tonnes of relief material has been air dropped. The rain has now stopped and the water is receding in some areas. Where it has not receded, the Army is pumping water out to reach those trapped.
Restoring communication and connectivity is a priority. While communication lines have been restored to some extent, the Border Roads Organisation is working on restoring road links.
Meanwhile, the big fear in Jammu after the floods is that of landslides. More than 40 people lost their lives in a landslide in Sadal, a village near Udhampur. The village has been completely submerged by a landslide and has been buried under the debris. Rescue operations continue with the Army, National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) personnel deployed in the area.
The Sadal village was home to 53 families. The entire village slid down in a matter of minutes, burying all houses under tonnes of rock and mud. The villagers had no time to run to safety.
The Army rushed in 200 of its soliders to assist with rescue operations being carried out by the civil administration. The Army has been providing food to the villagers and arranging temporary shelter for them even as efforts are on to extract the bodies from the rubble. The site of the landslide is 4 km away from the nearest road, making it impossible to move heavy machinery to assist in the rescue operations.
For the families of the villagers who survived the landslide, it is a harrowing wait. Officers and men of the Udhampur Garrison say they will not vacate the area till the very last body has been pulled out. The Army stepped in after the civil administration said that a rescue operation of this scale was beyond their means. So much so the civil administration is now conspicuous in its absence and the rescue and relief operations are now being carried out single-handedly by the Army.

Rajasthan lawyers  strike: All Additional Advocate Generals resign#rajasthan lawyers strike #governor #high court #judiciary #lower court
Jaipur: All the 15 Additional Advocate Generals in Rajasthan have resigned from their posts after the High Court questioned the government on its lawyers' absence from the court.
Lawyers of the High Court and lower courts in the state have been on strike for more than two months over various demands, including corruption-free judiciary, misuse of contempt provisions, disposal of pending cases against judges, probe into legal aid funds, and irregular appointment in judiciary.
The move by the AAGs comes after the High Court questioned the government on the absence of its lawyers from court and summoned the Principal Secretary, Law.
All the 15 Additional Advocate Generals in Rajasthan have resigned from their posts.
Fourteen AAGs tendered their resignations to the Advocate General N M Lodha while one AAG, Dr Abhinav Sharma submitted his resignation to the High Court and requested the court to forward it to the Governor.
Dr Sharma, appearing in a habeas corpus matter before the division bench of the court comprising Justice Ajay Rastogi and Justice J K Ranka, which asked Law Secretary to appear in person, argued that the comments by the court were unwarranted and that the High Court was not justified in passing remarks against a Constitutional office.
He insisted that if no such comments were made then the High Court must get a corrigendum published.
He argued that the AG is not on payrolls of the state and he is discharging constitutional duties and still the court made observation that the AG is not discharging duties.
The court was transgressing its limits which is highly unconstitutional, Sharma said and tendered his resignation to the bench and requested it to forward the resignation to the Governor.
However, the bench refused to accept his resignation. It, then exempted Principal Secretary, Law from appearing before it in the matter.

Express 5: Mamata displays power ; an insight into the DharavishowcaseWe recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 9:06 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 11:01 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
1. FLEXING MUSCLE:
Law Minister Chandrima Bhattacharya (2nd from left) at the protest outside CBI office in Kolkata, on Thursday.
On Thursday, the law minister of West Bengal squatted with placards outside the CBI’s office in Kolkata, carrying out a dharna against the “process of investigation” in the Saradha chit fund scam.
As CBI’s Saradha net closes in on her party, Mamata flexes her cadre muscle , reports Madhuparna Das
2. DHARAVI SHOWCASE:
When 65-year-old Ranjana Kamble, who has lived for over two decades in a tiny shanty in Dharavi, moves into a brand new ‘1 BHK’ flat in a multi-storey building, Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan will no doubt want to present the relocation as a feather in the cap of the beleaguered Congress-NCP government.
Cong-NCP Dharavi showcase touches less than 1% of target , exclusive report by Manasi Phadke
3. EX-CAG ON PM:
“Had the Prime Minister (Manmohan Singh) insisted on transparency, the course of political history of this country would have been different… Had he stood steadfastly by his beliefs, the fate of the Indian economy would have been very different.’’
Had Manmohan put foot down, history would have been different : Ex-CAG Vinod Rai
4. TACKLING CORRUPTION:
Effective anti-corruption and grievance redressal framework do not seem to be a top priority for the Modi government.
For a government that won office on the plank of fighting corruption and promising ‘‘achhe din’’ to citizens disgruntled by poor service delivery, one would have thought putting in place an effective anti-corruption and grievance redressal framework would be a top priority.
5. CRICKET:
Indian batsman had a tough time negotiating Anderson this English summer. (Source: AP)
As India’s fortunes plummeted dramatically during the 3-1 Test series defeat in England, so would the stocks of the talented trio as they found no answers to the relentless inquisition posed by James Anderson and Stuart Broad.
Technical, knock-out , special report by Siddhartha Sharma

Steinberg India buys 5.75 lakh shares of Hindustan MediaSep 12, 2014, 08.40 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Steinberg India buys 5.75 lakh shares of Hindustan Media
Steinberg India Emerging Opportunities Fund Limited bought 5,75,000 shares of Hindustan Media Ventures.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Steinberg India buys 5.75 lakh shares of Hindustan Media
Steinberg India Emerging Opportunities Fund Limited bought 5,75,000 shares of Hindustan Media Ventures.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 11, 2014 Steinberg India Emerging Opportunities Fund Limited bought 5,75,000 shares of  Hindustan Media Ventures at Rs 163.96 on the NSE.
In the previous trading session, the share at Rs 165.10, up Rs 4.85, or 3.03 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 179.95 and 52-week low Rs 93.00 on 07 July, 2014 and 07 October, 2013, respectively.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 15.64 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 10.56. The latest book value of the company is Rs 83.00 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 1.99. The dividend yield of the company was 0.73 percent.
 

IITs  others to develop technologies for rural development#india #iit #rural development
New Delhi: A network of IITs and other institutes will evolve appropriate technologies for rural development under the 'Unnat Bharat Abhiyan' scheme, it was announced on Thursday.
The venture is coordinated by the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Delhi and will be launched as a "network of IITs and other professional and academic institutes to evolve appropriate technologies converging for rural development, with focus on water management, organic farming, renewable energy, frugal technology, infrastructure, rural livelihood and employment".
It will be launched in 2014.
A three-day workshop on the issue was held at the IIT from September 7.
"Whatever research is taking place should eventually be converted into socially useful capital and in that connect, the 'abhiyan' was launched," R.P.Sisodia, joint secretary, higher education said at a press conference to highlight the human resource development ministry's initiatives here.
A three-day workshop on the issue was held at the IIT from September 7.
Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani said, "Efforts are being made to scale it up nationally."

Industry output data to signal stuttering economic revivalJuly industrial output data to signal stuttering economic revival
Rajesh Kumar Singh     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 11:13 IST
Output from mines, utilities and factories is forecast to grow 1.8 per cent year-on-year (Photo: Reuters)
The country's industrial output growth likely slowed for a second straight month in July, while inflation probably remained high, with the domestic economy struggling to make a sustained recovery from its longest stretch of sub-par growth in decades.
Output from mines, utilities and factories is forecast to grow 1.8 per cent year-on-year, slower than June's 3.4 per cent rise, according to a Reuters poll of economists. Output growth had hit a 19-month high of 5 per cent in May.
Retail inflation, which the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) tracks for setting its lending rates, probably edged down marginally to 7.80 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent a month ago, the poll showed.
The numbers come weeks after the economy posted its fastest growth in two-and-a-half years, helped by a revival in industrial activity, prompting Prime Minister Narendra Modi to paint a rosier outlook for coming quarters.
However, high inflation would make it tougher for Modi to encourage consumers, who power nearly 60 per cent of the economy, to loosen their purse strings. It would also make the central bank wary of lowering interest rates later this month.
The central bank, which wants to reduce retail inflation to 6 per cent by 2016, left interest rates steady last month, citing inflationary risks from late monsoon rains.
While falling global crude prices, moderating vegetable prices, a stable rupee and a favourable statistical base will likely ease inflation, the RBI is widely expected to keep rates on hold when it reviews its monetary policy on Sept. 30.
Radhika Rao, an economist at DBS Bank, said the prospect of a revival in demand-driven price pressures following a pick-up in economic activity could ensure a status quo on interest rates at least until end-March.
"The RBI is expected to maintain a cautious stance and keep the benchmark rate on hold in 2014/15," she said.
Modi won the country's strongest electoral mandate in 30 years in May, vowing to lift sliding economic growth, cool inflation and create enough jobs for its young workforce.
The optimism fanned by Modi's rise to power has already brought inflows of nearly $14 billion of foreign funds into Indian equities this year as investors bet that his drive to cut red tape would revive stalled projects and underpin the economic recovery.
To sustain this euphoria, economists say, Modi must overhaul India's strained public finances, stringent land acquisition laws, chaotic tax regime and rigid labour rules.
During his first 100 days in office, the new prime minister showed little appetite for such structural changes, and there is concern that sharply higher growth in the last quarter could obviate the urgency to press ahead with them.
"... The pro-business government has facilitated the investment climate and boosted confidence, but more needs to be done to get back to a period of high growth and low inflation," said Rohini Malkani, an analyst at Citi.
(Reuters)

Sliding gold prices may dent investment in bullionRajendra Jadhav and Indulal PM     Vangal   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 10:02 IST
If the national obsession with gold does fade that would help curb India's external deficits(Photo: Reuters)
Kiran Laxman Salunkhe used to buy jewellery during religious festivals, but sliding gold prices have led the young farmer to break with his family's traditional investment.
This year Salunkhe has deposited his hard-earned savings at the bank for the first time in a decade and bought farmland.
"I bought jewellery when gold price was Rs 32,000 (per 10 grams) last year. Now jewellers won't pay me more than Rs 27,000 if I want to sell. Why should I invest in gold," said Salunkhe, who farms 15 acres of sugar cane in Vangal, a village 250 km (160 miles) south of Mumbai.
"Nowadays it is risky to keep jewellery. Burglaries are rising," he said. "With a fixed deposit there is no risk."
A one-quarter drop in local gold prices over the past year has shaken the confidence of Indians in the precious metal as a store of value and dented demand in the country, which is also the world's second-biggest buyer.
The main beneficiary has been stocks, which have been clocking up records on hopes that Prime Minister Narendra Modi can deliver on the promise of "better days" ahead that swept him to power in May's general election.
Beyond short-term sentiment, a major push by Modi for every household to get a bank account, better education and living standards, and falling inflation expectations, could herald a more secular change in investing habits.
Referring to gold's culturally embedded role in dowry gifts or decorating Hindu temples, Harish Galipelli, head of commodities and currencies at Inditrade Derivatives and Commodities said, "The attachment of Indians to gold will remain.
But as the banking network expands and literacy rises, people in rural areas will explore other investment products like mutual funds or bank deposits. The mindset is slowly changing."
If the national obsession with gold does fade that would help curb the country's external deficits - gold is the second biggest item on the import bill after oil - and cap world gold prices that are trading sideways in 2014.
BACK TO EQUITIES
If the crowds selling scrap gold to Kapil Parekh at his shop in Mumbai's Zaveri Bazaar are anything to go by, the shift by small-time speculators out of gold is continuing unabated.
"Many investors who came after 2008's stock market crash were short-term investors," said Parekh.
"They came when the stock market wasn't giving returns. Now, since shares are rallying, they are liquidating gold and going back to equities. They may come back."
One customer, Dinesh Jain, said he had sold 64 grams of gold bought since 2011 and was investing the proceeds - now worth nearly $3,000 - in information technology stocks.
The country's investment demand for gold slumped by 67 per cent in the June quarter from a year ago to 49.6 tonnes, World Gold Council (WGC) data showed. Based on industry and WGC estimates, investment demand could nearly halve to 190 tonnes this year.
Investment demand was 37 per cent of total 2013 gold sales.
Domestic gold exchange-traded funds , a financial product that sophisticated investors use to gain exposure to the metal, have suffered 15 straight months of outflows.
In contrast, turnover on the National Stock exchange (NSE) is up by 61 per cent, while $50 billion has flowed into mutual funds in the financial year starting April 1 - up sixfold from the entire previous year.
Term deposits in banks have also risen but by a more modest $3.6 billion since April, compared to a drop of $2.9 billion last year, central bank figures show.
SHIFTING SENTIMENT
A decade-long surge in gold prices to 2013 led investment buying of bars and coins to quadruple. Over the same time, sales of traditionally more popular jewellery rose by just a quarter.
But since hitting a record high of Rs 35,074 per 10 grams in August 2013, local gold prices have fallen steadily, tracking weakness in overseas prices and a strengthening rupee.
In the past, such price falls would have attracted bargain hunters. Not now.
"The 11-year rally in gold prices created a perception that they will only go up. This price fall has broken that conviction," Prithviraj Kothari, vice president of the India Bullion & Jewellers' Association, told Reuters.
"Now people are diversifying their investments. This trend will increase in the coming years," added Kothari, cautioning that expectations of a tightening in super-loose US monetary policy would weigh on gold.
"During uncertainly people chase gold. Now, since we have stability, economic growth will revive. It will ultimately push up the stock market and real estate prices."
But for some India's love affair with gold will endure.
"Last year, despite a premium of over $100 (per ounce over London prices), buyers were crowding my counter," said a Mumbai-based dealer at a state-run bank.
"Now, the premium is just $5. The peak festive season is ahead. But I am waiting for customers. There is no hysteria."
(Reuters)

India s love affair with gold may be overIndia's love affair with gold may be over, as prices slide
Reuters Sep 12, 2014, 09.20AM IST
Tags:
equities
(Indian gold ETFs, a financial…)
VANGAL: Kiran Laxman Salunkhe used to buy jewellery during religious festivals, but sliding gold prices have led the young Indian farmer to break with his family's traditional investment.
This year Salunkhe has deposited his hard-earned savings at the bank for the first time in a decade and bought farmland.
"I bought jewellery when gold price was 32,000 rupees (per 10 grams) last year. Now jewellers won't pay me more than 27,000 rupees if I want to sell. Why should I invest in gold," said Salunkhe, who farms 15 acres of sugar cane in Vangal, a village 250 km (160 miles) south of Mumbai.
"Nowadays it is risky to keep jewellery. Burglaries are rising," he said. "With a fixed deposit there is no risk."
A one-quarter drop in local gold prices over the past year has shaken the confidence of Indians in the precious metal as a store of value and dented demand in the world's second-biggest buyer.
The main beneficiary has been Indian stocks, which have been clocking up records on hopes that Prime Minister Narendra Modi can deliver on the promise of "better days" ahead that swept him to power in May's general election.
Beyond short-term sentiment, a major push by Modi for every household to get a bank account, better education and living standards, and falling inflation expectations, could herald a more secular change in investing habits.
"The attachment of Indians to gold will remain," said Harish Galipelli, head of commodities and currencies at Inditrade Derivatives and Commodities Ltd., referring to gold's culturally embedded role in dowry gifts or decorating Hindu temples.
"But as the banking network expands and literacy rises, people in rural areas will explore other investment products like mutual funds or bank deposits. The mindset is slowly changing."
If the national obsession with gold does fade that would help curb India's external deficits - gold is the second biggest item on the import bill after oil - and cap world gold prices that are trading sideways in 2014.
Back To Equities
If the crowds selling scrap gold to Kapil Parekh at his shop in Mumbai's Zaveri Bazaar are anything to go by, the shift by small-time speculators out of gold is continuing unabated.
"Many investors who came after 2008's stock market crash were short-term investors," said Parekh.
"They came when the stock market wasn't giving returns. Now, since shares are rallying, they are liquidating gold and going back to equities . They may come back."
One customer, Dinesh Jain, said he had sold 64 grams of gold bought since 2011 and was investing the proceeds - now worth nearly $3,000 - in information technology stocks.
India's investment demand for gold slumped by 67 percent in the June quarter from a year ago to 49.6 tonnes, World Gold Council (WGC) data showed. Based on industry and WGC estimates, investment demand could nearly halve to 190 tonnes this year.
Investment demand was 37 percent of total 2013 gold sales.
Indian gold exchange-traded funds , a financial product that sophisticated investors use to gain exposure to the metal, have suffered 15 straight months of outflows.
In contrast, turnover on Mumbai's main NSE bourse is up by 61 percent, while $50 billion has flowed into mutual funds in the financial year starting April 1 - up sixfold from the entire previous year.
Term deposits in Indian banks have also risen but by a more modest $3.6 billion since April, compared to a drop of $2.9 billion last year, central bank figures show.
Shifting Sentiment
A decade-long surge in gold prices to 2013 led investment buying of bars and coins to quadruple. Over the same time, sales of traditionally more popular jewellery rose by just a quarter.
But since hitting a record high of 35,074 rupees per 10 grams in August 2013, local gold prices have fallen steadily, tracking weakness in overseas prices and a strengthening rupee.
In the past, such price falls would have attracted bargain hunters. Not now.
"The 11-year rally in gold prices created a perception that they will only go up. This price fall has broken that conviction," Prithviraj Kothari, vice president of the India Bullion & Jewellers' Association, told Reuters.
"Now people are diversifying their investments. This trend will increase in the coming years," added Kothari, cautioning that expectations of a tightening in super-loose U.S. monetary policy would weigh on gold.
"During uncertainly people chase gold. Now, since we have stability, economic growth will revive. It will ultimately push up the stock market and real estate prices."
But for some India's love affair with gold will endure.
"Last year, despite a premium of over $100 (per ounce over London prices), buyers were crowding my counter," said a Mumbai-based dealer at a state-run bank.
"Now, the premium is just $5. The peak festive season is ahead. But I am waiting for customers. There is no hysteria."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty open in green; tech  metals  power stocks gainYou are here: Home > Collections
Sensex, Nifty open in green; tech, metals, power stocks gain
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 09.38AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The Nifty was at 8,098.05,…)
MUMBAI: The S&P BSE Sensex has opened on a positive note led by gains in IT, metals and power stocks. According to analysts, the market is expected to consolidate around current levels with positive bias in the near term.
At 09:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 27049.65, up 53.78 points or 0.20 per cent. It touched a high of 27,059.60 and a low of 27,010.65 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8,098.05, up 12.35 points or 0.15 per cent. It touched a high of 8,100.40 and a low of 8,086.25 in early trade.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was up 0.53 per cent and the S&P BSE Smallcap Index gained 0.64 per cent.
"The Nifty corrected towards the 8050 level and managed to recover after posting a low of 8057.30 post the mid-session. Going forward, we maintain our positive stance on the market as long as the 8050 level remains intact on a closing basis. The hourly chart of the Nifty now displays an immediate intraday resistance around 8110, which coincides with the '20 EMA' as well as the 'Downward Sloping Trend Line'," said Angel Broking note.
"Going forward, the intraday momentum on the upside may get stronger once the index managed to surpass this level on a sustainable basis. In this scenario, we expect the Nifty to retest 8140 - 8180 levels," the report added.
Among the sectoral indices, the S&P BSE IT Index was up 0.51 per cent, the S&P BSE Metal Index was 0.37 per cent higher and the S&P BSE Power Index gained 0.34 per cent.
The S&P BSE Healthcare Index was 0.46 per cent lower.
Maruti (up 0.97 per cent), ONGC (up 0.77 per cent), ITC (up 0.74 per cent), GAIL (up 0.71 per cent) and Bharti Airtel (up 0.67 per cent) were among the top Sensex gainers.
Sun Pharma (3.69 per cent), Hero MotoCorp (0.58 per cent), Bajaj Auto (0.53 per cent), Reliance Industries (0.47 per cent) and HDFC Bank (0.40 per cent) were among the top losers.
The market breadth was positive on the BSE with 1183 gainers against 615 losers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sun Pharma shares fall over 2%; slips for second day in a row on US FDA concernsSun Pharma shares fall over 2%; slip for second day in a row on US FDA concerns
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 09.33AM IST
Tags:
debt
(The stock has fallen on reports…)
NEW DELHI: After falling 4 per cent in the previous session, shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals plunged as much as 2.3 per cent in trade on Friday amid reports that its Halol manufacturing plant in Gujarat has been subjected to surprise inspection by the American drug regulator United States Food and Drug Administration ( USFDA ).
At 09:20 a.m.; Sun Pharmaceuticals was trading 2.1 per cent lower at Rs 805.25. It has hit a low of Rs 802.45 and a high of Rs 815.95 in trade today.
This is the third such recall for Sun which agreed to buy troubled fellow drug maker Ranbaxy in March this year to create the world's fifth largest generic drug maker, ET reported.
Sarabjit Kour Nangra , VP- Research (Pharma), Angel Broking said it is learnt that Sun Pharma's manufacturing facility in Halol (Gujarat) is undergoing a surprise inspection by the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA). The move may have been triggered by a number of recent recalls from the plant, sources, familiar with the development."
The firm also announced plans to introduce an enabling resolution at its forthcoming shareholders meet to raiseRs 12,000 crore through a qualified institutional placement.
There are no plans to raise equity or debt and that this is just an enabling resolution as a similar permission from shareholders last year had lapsed, ET reported quoting Uday Baldota, the chief financial officer of Sun.
A QIP of the size mentioned in the resolution would be one of the largest in recent times, if it were to happen. Baldota declined to comment on the drug recall.
Warfarin is a significant drug for Taro which contributes onethird to Sun's revenue of Rs 3,927 crore and 4.5 per cent to Taro's sales of $130 million.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Trade Unions Against 10% Divestment in Coal IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
Trade Unions Against 10% Divestment in Coal India
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 18:17 (IST)
Hero MotoCorp Plans to Invest Rs 1,600 Crore in New Plant: Report
Kolkata:
Central trade unions have decided to oppose another 10 per cent divestment in Coal India, vowing to mobilize coal workers to "fight back" the decision.
The general secretary of the the All India Coal Workers Federation, Jibon Roy, said, "We condemn the government decision to disinvest 10 per cent more in CIL shares to private hands. We will call the coal workers to fight back."
SQ Zama, secretary-general of the Indian National Mine workers' Federation, also criticised the stake sale.
"We all will oppose the disinvestment," he said.
The Union government is targeting to mop up around Rs 45,000 crore by selling shares in blue chip public sector companies -- Coal India, ONGC and National Hydroelectric Power Corporation.
Coal India, the world's largest coal mining company, alone could raise around Rs 23,000 crore based on its current share price.
SQ Zama said that five central trade unions had already served a notice recently for a three days' "work to rule" agitation from September 18 to 20 to the coal secretary in support of various demands including no further divestment in Coal India.
The BJP-affiliated trade union BMS is also among the trade unions calling for the "work-to-rule" agitation, he said.
Central coal trade unions' meeting is slated on September 21 where a joint action plan is likely to be adopted to oppose divestment.
Zama said a discussion is being held between the unions on whether they would attend a meeting called by Coal India in Delhi on September 15 on the 'work to rule' notice.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA), chaired by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, on Wednesday approved the disinvestment of 10 per cent paid-up equity capital in Coal India (CIL).
Presently, the Government shareholding in the coal mining company is 89.65 per cent.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 18:16 (IST)

Snowman IPO lists today: 30% returns guaranteedSep 12, 2014, 10.01 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Will Snowman Logistics give you 30% returns today?
After looking at great response to the issue, which got oversubscribed 60 times supported by QIBs, HNIs as well as retail, expectations for listing price are very high now.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Will Snowman Logistics give you 30% returns today?
After looking at great response to the issue, which got oversubscribed 60 times supported by QIBs, HNIs as well as retail, expectations for listing price are very high now.
Post your opinion here
Sunil Shankar Matkar
moneycontrol.com
Snowman Logistics  shares will list on Friday. It has fixed the issue price at higher end of the price band of Rs 44-47 apiece as majority of the bids were at the higher band.
After looking at great response to the issue, which got oversubscribed 60 times supported by QIBs, HNIs as well as retail, expectations for listing price are very high now.
According to sources, the grey market premium is around Rs 15-23 over the issue price of Rs 47, but experts' range for listing price is 5-45 percent.
Experts that moneycontrol.com spoke to are very bullish on the stock in the long term as it is going to be the listed company in cold chain industry with excellent fundamentals. However, their debut price range for the stock is very high.
Prabhat Anantharaman of Nirmal Bang has minimum listing premium expectations. He sees 5-10 percent listing gains on the stock on Friday due to strong response to the issue, while Astha Jain of Hem Securities expects the stock to list at 10-20 percent premium.
Two other experts are extremely optimistic about the opening price. Manish Bhatt of Prabhudas Lilladher sees opening premium of Rs 59-70, while SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com expects the stock to begin with Rs 70 apiece.
Strategy on debut day
According to Astha Jain, one can still buy the stock at 10 percent premium if one wants to. She advises investors, who got allotment in IPO or will buy at 10 percent premium on listing day, to hold the stock for medium to long term.
She sees 30-40 percent returns over the next one year as she expects strong results from the company.
Anantharaman too said the fundamentals are excellent and as the proxy to growth in Indian economy, the company has huge potential to grow strongly going ahead.
Meanwhile, Manish Bhatt advises buying the stock below Rs 59 or below the equilibrium price arrived in pre-opening session. He expects double the stock price in next one year.
About issue and company
The 4.2 crore publis issue of Snowman, an integrated temperature-controlled logistics services provider, was opened for subscription on August 26-28.
The largest cold chain solutions provider raised Rs 197 crore through the issue, which will be used for setting up new temperature controlled and ambient warehouses, and long term working capital.
The company, which operates 23 temperature-controlled warehouses across 14 locations in India (including Kolkata, Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Bengaluru), proposes to set up another such 6 and 2 ambient warehouses at 6 cities at the cost of around Rs 140 crore.
It has a pan-India presence with warehousing capacity of 58,543 pallets and 3,000 ambient pallets, which is expected to increase to 85,000 pellets in current financial year (FY15) and further to 1 lakh pellets by FY16, said the company in its prospectus.
Brokerages believe its big expansion plan (of raising capacity to 1 lakh pallets by next financial year) is expected to boost the operating performance of the company over the next two years.
Promoter and largest shareholder Gateway Distriparks (GDL) reduced its shareholding to 40.4 percent from 54.04 percent. Other major shareholders include Mitsubishi Corporation, Mitsubishi Logistics Corporation, International Finance Corporation and Norwest Venture Partners VII-A Mauritius.
Revenue and profit growth of the company in last four financial years was very strong, up 40-50 percent on compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) basis. Total income from operations and reported profit after tax in FY14 grew by 35 percent to Rs 153.41 crore and 18 percent to Rs 22.48 crore while operating profit margin expanded to 24.7 percent from 22.4 percent year-on-year.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Moschip Semiconductor Technology: Outcome of AGMSep 12, 2014, 09.27 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Moschip Semiconductor Technology: Outcome of AGM
Moschip Semiconductor Technology Ltd has informed BSE that the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 11, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Moschip Semiconductor Technology: Outcome of AGM
Moschip Semiconductor Technology Ltd has informed BSE that the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 11, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Moschip Semiconductor Technology Ltd has informed BSE that the 15th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 11, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Pramada Finvest: Outcome of board meetingSep 12, 2014, 09.27 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Pramada Finvest: Outcome of board meeting
Pramada Finvest considered and recommended the name of Director of the Company whose office is liable to retire by rotation and being eligible offer himself for reappointment.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Pramada Finvest: Outcome of board meeting
Pramada Finvest considered and recommended the name of Director of the Company whose office is liable to retire by rotation and being eligible offer himself for reappointment.
Post your opinion here
 
Pramada Finvest Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors was held on September 05, 2014 for the following purpose:1. Considered and recommended the name of Director of the Company whose office is liable to retire by rotation and being eligible offer himself for reappointment.2. Consider and Recommended the name of independent director3. Fixed the date of e-voting.4. Approved the Appointment of scrutinizer for conducting e-voting in the ensuing Annual General Meeting.Source : BSE

Ambuja Cements: Outcome of EGMSep 12, 2014, 09.24 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ambuja Cements: Outcome of EGM
Ambuja Cements Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 11, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ambuja Cements: Outcome of EGM
Ambuja Cements Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 11, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Ambuja Cements Ltd has informed BSE that the Extra Ordinary General Meeting (EGM) of the Company was held on September 11, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sensex reclaims 27 000  macro data in focusHi Guest
Sensex gains 65 points; Nifty ends above 8,100
Benchmark share indices snapped their three-day losing streak to end marginally higher as investors adopted a wait-and-watch stance ahead of macro economic data due for release later on Friday. The government will release data on consumer price inflation for August 2014 and industrial production for July 2014 later today. The 30-share Sensex ended higher by 65 points at 27,061 and the 50-share Nifty gained 20 points at 8,106. The market breadth in BSE ended positive with 1,736 shares advancing ...

A look at how Barack Obama s 9/11 message has varied across the yearsA look at how Barack Obama s 9/11 message has varied across the years
FIR filed against Yogi AdityanathFIR filed against Yogi Adityanath
Spentex Industries: Outcome of AGMSpentex Industries: Outcome of AGM
Delhi govt approves projects worth Rs 99.98 croresDelhi govt approves projects worth Rs 99.98 crores
Crude oil prices down as IEA cuts demand forecastBrent heads for worst week in six at below $98 on weak demand
Reuters/PTI
Reuters Both WTI and Brent traded at multi-month lows on September 11, 2014, before bouncing back to close higher.
Singapore, Sept 12:  
Brent crude fell below $98 a barrel on Friday, heading for its worst week in six, as concerns over weak demand outweighed geopolitical worries in the Middle East and Ukraine.
Weaker oil demand in China and Europe had caused growth in global oil demand to soften at a remarkable pace, the International Energy Agency said in its monthly report released on Thursday.
The West's energy watchdog cut its demand growth projections by 150,000 barrels per day (bpd) to 900,000 bpd for 2014 and by 100,000 bpd to 1.2 million bpd in 2015.
Brent is down 3 per cent for the week so far, headed for its biggest weekly loss since the week to August 1. The October contract fell 28 cents to $97.80 by 0316 GMT after a 4-cent gain in the previous session snapped a 5-day losing streak.
Bearish outlook
Singapore’s United Overseas Bank said oil prices were under pressure due to the bearish outlook for global demand growth by the IEA.
The IEA, which advises on energy policy to industrialised nations, had yesterday said that crude demand will likely grow 1.0 per cent this year, or 900,000 barrels per day, down from a previous estimate of 1.0 million barrels a day.
It said the slowdown was due to “ongoing weakness in both European and Chinese economies, coupled with lower-than-expected oil deliveries in Japan and Brazil’’.
Geopolitical fears still linger
Both WTI and Brent traded at multi-month lows yesterday before bouncing back to close higher. WTI closed $1.16 higher in New York, while Brent gained four cents in London.
Brent bounced from a 2-year low on Thursday after Russia warned the US that air strikes in Syria against Islamist militants would be an act of aggression without a UN security mandate. This raised the spectre of a new confrontation between Moscow and the West.
"I would like to see more risk premium priced in but the market doesn't want to," said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at CMC Markets in Sydney.
"There is still a lot of potential concerns, but the market seems relaxed by it all."
Geopolitical worries included Russia, which is facing fresh sanctions from the European Union and the US over the Ukraine crisis, McCarthy said.
The EU will implement tougher sanctions against Russia later on Friday, although they could be removed if Moscow abides by a ceasefire between Kiev and pro-Russian separatists. However, Russia called the new measures anti-peace.
The United States will also release details later on Friday of its own new sanctions against Russia which are expected to target Sberbank, Russia's largest bank, and further limit Russian banks' access to U.S. capital.
Investors are waiting for industrial and retail sales data from China on Saturday to assess whether a recovery in the world's second largest economy is picking up steam.
The market is also keeping an eye on Iran which faces a "difficult road" to reach an agreement with six world powers over Tehran's nuclear programme by a late November deadline, a senior Iranian negotiator said on Thursday.
Snapshot
Oil demand growth slows at remarkable pace on China, Europe - IEA
IEA cuts global oil demand growth forecast for 2014, 2015
Geopolitical tensions ratchet up over Syria
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Centre set to revise GDP measurement next yearNEW DELHI, September 10, 2014
Updated: September 10, 2014 00:40 IST
Centre set to revise GDP measurement next year
Reuters
economic indicator
The planned adjustment will likely reveal that the Asia’s third-largest economy is bigger than previously reckoned in absolute numbers
The Centre will soon revise the way it measures the gross domestic product to reflect under-represented and informal economic sectors, two government sources said, in an initiative that is expected to show the economy is larger than previously thought.
The government usually revises the method of calculating national accounts and other macro data every five years, bringing in a newer base year and adjusting for changes in the economy.
The new government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, which is committed to raising economic growth and slashing the fiscal deficit, plans to adjust the measurement early in 2015, a senior official at the Ministry of Statistics said.
“We plan to release GDP data based on the 2011-12 base year by early next year, that could theoretically revise up the growth estimates,’’ the official said, requesting anonymity as he was not authorised to speak to media.
The Ministry now takes 2004-05 as the base. India’s informal economy and service sector accounts for over three-fifths of its $1.8 trillion economy. But precise data are unavailable for these segments, and the government relies on surveys and samples to calculate their growth.
This is combined with actual output numbers for mainstream industry to produce the GDP data.
In March, 2010, when the government last revised the national accounts, annual economic growth estimates were upwardly adjusted by 0.8 to 1.7 percentage points for four years, allowing the previous government to take credit for the country’s highest-ever stretch of economic growth.
Pronob Sen, former chief statistician and current chair of the National Statistics Commission, said the planned adjustment would likely reveal that the Asia’s third-largest economy is bigger than previously reckoned in absolute numbers.
“Basically, we have an upward revision because some sectors are not included in the current data,’’ he said, mentioning higher productivity among informal manufacturing and services firms as well as the advent of new sectors.
Mr. Sen predicts that the country’s economy, which grew by a stronger-than-expected 5.7 per cent in the quarter ending in June, will grow 6 per cent this fiscal year even without the planned revision.
The 2010 revision almost doubled the estimated contribution to the economy made by coaching and tuition and gave substantially more weight to the construction, trade and hotel industries.
The importance ofbeauty salons, communication and railways declined.
Big boost
Any upward revision this time will be a big boost for Mr. Modi and his Finance Minister Arun Jaitley, who is trying to meet a fiscal deficit target of 4.1 per cent of the GDP and convince global rating agencies to upgrade India’s sovereign ratings.

Barack Obama vows to  degrade and ultimately destroy  ISISBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Government Looking at Extending Excise Duty Concessions to Auto SectorYou are here: Home Industries
Government Looking at Extending Excise Duty Concessions to Auto Sector
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 14:21 (IST)
Finding Fanny Off to Steady Start at Box Office
New Delhi:
The government is looking at the proposal for extending excise duty concessions to the automobile sector beyond December, a move that would provide further relief to automakers.
"We have already discussed the proposal (to extend excise duties beyond December) that the incentives provided (to the auto sector) should be continued. The government will take a decision in this regard at the appropriate time," Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete said at the sidelines of an event.
Meanwhile, government sources said the Heavy Industry Ministry is likely to send a proposal to Finance Ministry regarding extension of excise duty concession till March 31, 2015.
In a relief to the automobile and consumer durable sectors, the government in June this year extended the excise duty concession by six months to December 31. The concessions were earlier valid till June 30.
The government had cut excise duty on cars, SUVs and two-wheelers as well as consumer durables in the interim Budget in February to help the industry tide over a demand slump.
The extension of duty concession will enable continuation of excise duty on small cars, scooters, motorcycles and commercial vehicles at the current level of 8 per cent from 12 per cent previously. The factory gate duty on SUVs stands at the reduced rate of 24 per cent as against 30 per cent.
The duty on large cars will continue at 24 per cent compared with 27 per cent earlier, while the duty on mid-sized cars will stand at 20 per cent from 24 per cent.
Excise duty on capital goods and consumer durables will continue to attract a lower duty of 10 per cent as against the pre-budget rate of 12 per cent.
Most carmakers had passed on the benefit of excise duty reduction to customers by cutting prices. The auto industry body had been lobbying for extension of the reduced rates.
Automobile sales in India fell for the second consecutive year in 2013-14 and were 4.65 per cent lower at 17,86,899 units. In 2012-13, car sales fell 6.69 per cent, the first drop in a decade.
Asked about the auto recall policy, Mr Geete said: "We are taking all steps to boost the automobile sector and the (auto recall) policy will be framed with that objective".
The Heavy Industry Ministry is mulling over a policy of mandatory recalls, which will do away with the current system of voluntary recalls by auto companies.
Regarding the National Electricity Mobility Mission Plan, for electric vehicles, Mr Geete said: "We want to start the plan from Delhi. We will soon roll out the Plan from Delhi".
The Mission Plan projects a potential for 6-7 million units of new vehicles sales of Electric Vehicles (EVs), along with resultant fuel savings of 2.2-2.5 million tonnes that can be achieved by 2020.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 14:19 (IST)

Gold prices plunge on fall in demand  global cuesGold prices plunge on fall in demand, global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 17:57 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After Wednesday's rise, gold prices drifted by Rs 190 to close at Rs 27,610 per ten gram in the national capital on Thursday on easing demand from jewellers and retailers amidst a weak global trend .
Bullion traders said besides fall in demand, ongoing "Sharads", an inauspicious fortnight in Hindu mythology for making fresh purchases, mainly pulled down the precious metals.
Traders said weak global trend where gold traded at almost three-month low as strengthening dollar reduced demand for the bullion as an alternative investment amid easing tensions in Ukraine, also dampened the sentiment.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front , fell by 0.3 per cent to US $1,246.53 an ounce and silver by 0.3 per cent to US $18.91 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs 190 each to Rs 27,610 and Rs 27,410 per ten gram respectively. It had gained Rs 200 yesterday.
Sovereign, however, continued to be traded at last level of Rs 24,500 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
Silver also declined by Rs 270 to Rs 41,900 per kg due to slackened demand from industrial units. Silver ready fell by Rs 270 to Rs 41,900 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs 310 to Rs 41,890 per kg.
On the other hand, silver coins spurted by Rs 1,000 to Rs 74,000 for buying and Rs 75,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Market price for diesel can become realityMarket price for diesel can become reality
Richa Mishra/Debabrata Das
Poll compulsions will weigh on Govt’s decision
New Delhi, September 11:  
The stage is set for the Government to take the risk of giving complete freedom to public sector oil retailers in deciding diesel prices. But, whether the Government will take the final plunge or not is anyone’s guess.
The Government’s Fiscal Policy Strategy statement tabled in Parliament on July 10 said, “the Government will continue with the policy of calibrated correction in prices…it is expected that the gap between administered and market price of diesel would be eliminated by early financial year 2014-15. Thereafter, both petrol and diesel would be deregulated and linked to market prices…”
However, the mood in the Ministry for Petroleum & Natural Gas is still cautious, and it would rather have the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs take a final call when the need arises.
OMCs’ view
Oil retailers – Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum Corporation and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation – have said that there are still about 20 days to go before the month ends and before retail prices are reviewed.
“We can’t get ecstatic about the situation, as, in October, the current declining trend in global crude prices can change due to rise in winter demand,” said an official from a public sector oil company. Asked if the revenue loss, which the oil retailers incurred on sale of retail diesel at controlled prices has been wiped out with the monthly increase of up to 50 paise a litre, another official said, “We will know only at the end of the month. Currently, it is difficult to say whether it (under-recovery) is eight paise or five paise a litre.”
Industry observers said that the BJP-led Government has nothing to lose by taking this decision, as it already enjoys a majority in Parliament. Besides, sentiments in Maharashtra, one of the key States going to polls, also appear favourably inclined towards the BJP-led alliance.
Raju Kumar, Tax Partner, Oil & Gas practice, EY, said, “The Government has allowed linking of diesel prices with global prices in a phased manner. As the crude oil prices have remained range-bound in the last few months, timing could not be better to consider complete de-regulation of diesel prices.”
Echoing a similar sentiment was Dhaval Joshi, Research Analyst, Emkay Global Financial Services Ltd. He said, “We don’t see any issues for the Government to officially come up with the clear announcement (release or circular), as at the current level of crude oil, diesel price is already market linked (or no under recovery on diesel).”
Another industry observer said that the Government can adopt a similar mechanism like it did for petrol – continue with an artificial/indirect Government control for increase in diesel prices (if crude goes up) for the time being, and subsequently leave it to the oil companies.
This will help reduce the country’s subsidy burden and improve the financial health of the oil retailers, thereby giving thrust to overall development of the sector and encouraging competition in the retail market, said Kumar. 
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Inflight texting coming soon for some T-Mobile customersInflight texting coming soon for some T-Mobile customers
Gogo inflight internet
CARLO ALLEGRI / REUTERS
A passenger uses a wireless tablet on an American Airlines airplane, which is equipped with Gogo Inflight Internet service.
A passenger uses a wireless tablet on an American Airlines airplane, which is equipped with Gogo Inflight Internet service. (CARLO ALLEGRI / REUTERS)
By Ellen Jean Hirst, Tribune reporter
Texting on an airplane? It's coming, but only for certain people
Texting while inflight? Some T-Mobile customers to start next week
Itasca-based inflight Internet company Gogo is rolling out Wi-Fi texting in the air, but only for select customers.
Those with T-Mobile’s new “Un-carrier” service will be able to text on Gogo’s Wi-Fi at no additional charge starting Sept. 17. People without T-Mobile will not be able to text in-flight.
Cell phone users will have to keep their phones in airplane mode and connect to Gogo Wi-Fi. When they launch a browser, they’ll be prompted to verify that they’re a T-Mobile customer.
T-Mobile said in a release that all of its smart phones moving forward will be Wi-Fi calling and texting enabled. A spokesman declined to say when customers with other cell phone service providers might be able to text in-flight.
Gogo stock was up 10 percent, or $1.70, Thursday afternoon.

An anxious search and a reunionUpdated: September 12, 2014 12:12 IST
First Person
An anxious search and a reunion
Zahid Rafiq
The Hindu People call for help from atop their house, part of which is submerged in flood water, in Srinagar on Thursday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
Jammu and Kashmir
For the last three days as I went around this shocked city with my trousers hitched up and a notebook in my hand speaking to desperate people whose families were trapped in the flooded parts of the city and then with those rescued from their cracking and crumbling houses, my own anxiety was rising. My grandmother, my uncle, two aunts, three young cousins including a three month old baby were in Batamaloo at my aunt's house. We had no news of them except that the house was in water and it was no one's priority to rescue people from that armpit of the city.
I chose to believe that they must be fine until last night when someone mentioned that three dead bodies were floating in the waters of Batamaloo. I immediately discarded it as a rumor, but rumors in Kashmir are never entirely untrue and at times they are the truth.
With the water levels receding across the city and my own anxiety rising, I decided to go in and find them, and joined a ragtag rescue team of young boys from the city. They had already been rescuing people over the last three days and today they were going in with a supply of essential stuff --boxes of baby milk, biscuits, diapers, candles and match boxes, and hundreds of water packets.
The dry land ended at Bypass Srinagar, a national highway, where the dividing parapet today was home to hundreds of people who had left their submerged homes behind or had been rescued over the last four days. They were huddled there in small tarpulin tents. No Government aid had reached them, they said, and they were being helped by the locals who came in trucks and and trolleys with vegetables and rice and bread. The Army yesterday brought the lentils and chappatis and though, they said, they didn't want to take food from them, the absence of help from the local government and the hunger inside their bellies made them fight for the food.
We placed the relief material on a thermacol that sailed smoothly on the dirty water through which we started to wade in. With each step it rose higher and within five meters we were hip-deep in the flood. People looked out from the second and third floors of their houses hanging out buckets and baskets tied to ropes. They were the ones off the main road and help passed by their houses often. We had to go deeper inside, and I had to go even deeper to the Rek Chowk mohalla to find my family.
My grandmother, my aunt, my uncle, his wife and their three month old baby had left their house in a hurry on Saturday evening when announcements rang out from the mosque at dusk that water was coming toward their house in Natipora area. They had thought my aunt's house in Batamaloo would be safe.
But the water was five feet high in Batamaloo today and had been around 12 feet on Sunday and Monday.
From the windows, women with babies slung over their shoulders begged for water, baby food and medicine: for infection, diaharrea, vomiting and tension. No relief had come there either.
As we kept getting closer to my aunt's home I grew more silent, afraid that bad news awaited me.
Finally I saw a familiar lane. It took me a while to recognize the house. It looked unfamiliar with its broken walls and windows, the flower pots floating sideways. It looked empty at first and then they rushed out suspecting someone had come.
“No one came here from the government. No one brought us any water or food or anything at all,” my aunt cried. “We felt so far from the world and believed that we were going to die.”
The Army had airdropped packets of chips and biscuits. “They are all past expiry date,” my uncle shouted. “We waited for them to float to us for an hour and then everything was expired.”
I was too happy to see them alive to care about the expiry dates on the packets. The walk back to the dry land was shorter, easier and waters were less cold.

Jammu and Kashmir floods:  I had no government   says Omar AbdullahBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

How Google will grow Facebook population in India | Samsung targets iphone 6Google's Android One smartphones to help bolster Facebook's growth in India
By Shelley Singh , ET Bureau | 12 Sep, 2014, 07.01AM IST
Facebook will benefit as much as Google as new smartphone users will also log into the former's popular social networking and messenger applications.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Even as Google prepares to pry open larger chunks of the Indian market with an array of cheap smartphones as part of its Android One programme, it will also willy-nilly help rival Facebook grow its India numbers.
Next Monday, Google is widely expected to launch a range of Android One smartphones, mostly priced under Rs 6,000 ($100). These have been developed in partnership with local mobile phone manufacturers including Micromax , Karbonn and Spice . They are expected to be loaded with topend features such as dual core chip, 5 MP camera and 4.5-inch display.
But, as these cheap and powerful smartphones flood the market, Facebook will benefit as much as Google as new smartphone users will also log into the former's popular social networking and messenger applications.
Facebook has 108 million users in India active monthly, of which 94 million access it on a mobile.
"A low-cost smartphone which allows a good user experience will accelerate adoption of Facebook," says Jessie Paul, CEO, Paul Writer Strategic Advisory, a marketing consultancy. "In fact, it could take Facebook's access on mobile devices to 100 per cent from about 93 per cent at present."
"We
are now looking forward to one billion users in India. That is a different focus and challenge," Javier Olivan, vice-president, growth & analytics, Facebook, had told ET in a March interview. Google's Android One will make the challenge easier.
Google, Facebook and much of the Internet companies ecosystem are often referred to as 'frenemies'. They are friends in the sense that the success of any one company invariably yields spin-off benefits for others; enemies because all of them compete for the same users and online advertising dollars.
Google's Android One program will not only benefit Facebook, but the entire gamut of social networking companies including Twitter, Instagram etc, all of which will gain more smartphone users. But Facebook could gain more than others, since it has the largest user base in India. CEO Mark Zuckerberg has crafted a mobile first strategy for Facebook and has publicly admitted the company's biggest mistake was "we burned two years not working on mobile."
"Every service will benefit, be it Facebook, Whatsapp or Skype ," says Katyayan Gupta, analyst, eBusiness & Channel strategy, Forrester Research. Google and Facebook declined to comment on this story.
Android One is tipped to be a game changer in the smartphone market, delivering a better experience to users.
"Low-cost Android smartphones have poor touch screen, poor camera and poor memory. This impacts user experience be it Facebook or Google docs," says Forrester's Gupta.
"But Android One will provide a consistent user experience across all devices," he adds. Adds Mohammad Chowdhury, leader, telecom, PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC): "Android One will shake up the low-end to midtier smartphone market," Google finished the second quarter with $14.3 billion in advertising revenues compared to Facebook's $2.68 billion.
Facebook's mobile ad revenues accounts for more than 60 per cent of its overall ad revenues, while Google's earns only 12 per cent of its advertising dollars from mobile.

Shale gas tops PM Narendra Modi s agenda for US visitBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

General Motors chief reveals her plan to make it big in IndiaHi Guest
General Motors chief reveals her plan to make it big in India
On her maiden visit to India as chief executive officer of General Motors, Mary Barra visited the company’s facility in Talegaon, Pune, drove cars, and met suppliers, dealers and the business community to understand the needs of the Indian customer. In conversation with Business Standard, Barra says GM is working on putting out the right products here because it will be difficult to make a mark globally without India. Edited excerpts:GM has been in India for nearly two decades, yet sales ...

Today s picks- 11 September 2014Today s picks- 11 September 2014
India will be made  generator and inverter free : Power MinisterIndia will be made  generator and inverter free : Power Minister
Rupee opens weak at 60.98Rupee ends stronger at 60.66
Beena Parmar
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
Marking its biggest single-day gain in nearly a month, the rupee jumped 27 paise end higher at 60.66 against the dollar as banks and exporters sold the American dollars aggressively.
The domestic unit snapped its two-day losing streak to end at 60.93 on Thursday.
Friday, the unit opened weaker at 60.98 and further surpassed 61 levels to 61.02 per dollar maintaining caution ahead of retail inflation data that released after market hours.
India's annual consumer price inflation eased to 7.80 per cent in August. According to experts, this is a positive direction for the economy, however, does not provide enough room for RBI to cut interest rates.
Towards the end of the trading session, the rupee strengthened to 60.64 per dollar on dollar selling by banks and exporters.
Call rates rise; G-Sec yields flat
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short term funds from one another, ended higher at 7.95 per cent from the previous close of 7.70 per cent.
The 8.40 per cent government security maturing in 2024, rose a tad to Rs 99.31 from Thursday’s close of Rs 99.28, while its yield remained unchanged at 8.50 per cent.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Market remain rangebound; Sun Pharma down 3%SI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 10:30 AM IST
Sensex hovers around 27,000; metal, pharma shares drag
Gains in FMCG majors helped offset losses in Sun Pharma and shares of private banks
Markets continued to trade flat after the first hour of trade as gains in FMCG majors helped offset losses in Sun Pharma and shares of private banks.
At 10:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 22 points at 27,022 and the 50-share Nifty was up 4 points at 8,090.
ITC edged higher and was up 1% after the recent correction while Hindustan Unilever was up 0.7%.
Other Sensex gainers include, TCS, HDFC and ONGC among others.
Shares of private banks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank were down 0.2-0.4% each.
Sun Pharma was down 2.6% after the USFDA conducted a surprise inspection at its Halol unit in Gujarat.
Among other shares, Atul Auto was trading higher by 3% at Rs 413 after the stock was quoted ex-stock split from today.
Shares of Snowman Logistics have listed at Rs 76, a huge 62% premium against its issue price of Rs 47 per share, on National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock is currently trading at Rs 78.
Market breadth was strong with 1,443 gainers and 952 losers on the BSE.
______________________________
(Updated at 9:40AM)
Markets remained range bound in early trades as investors adopted cautious stance ahead of August CPI and July industrial production data to be released later today.
At 9:40AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 52 points at 27,048 and the 50-share Nifty was up 11 points at 8,097.
The Indian rupee was trading marginally lower at Rs 60.97 against the US dollar compared to the previous close of Rs 60.92.
Further, foreign funds were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 433.55 crore on Thursday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
Meanwhile, India recorded its heaviest spell of monsoon rains in 2014 in the past week, logging in surplus for the second straight week, raising hopes of a delayed retreat of the four-month season.
Asian markets are trading mixed on the final trading day of the week, following an uninspiring US lead. The Nikkei extended gains and was up 0.4% while Straits Times and Shanghai Composite were up 0.1% each. However, shares in Hong Kong witnessed profit taking after sharp gains recently. The benchmark Hang Seng was down 0.4%.
ITC which had corrected after media reports that the government might announce stringent measures on cigarettes was up nearly 1%.
IT majors Infosys and TCS were also among the Sensex gainers up 0.6% each.
ONGC which had corrected yesterday on government's plan to divest partial stake in the company was up nearly 1%.
In the capital goods segment L&T and BHEL were marginally up ahead of July IIP data.
Sun Pharma extended losses and was the top Sensex loser after the USFDA conducted a surprise inspection at its Halol unit in Gujarat. Further, is the company is looking to get shareholders' approval to raise qualified institutional placement (QIP) worth Rs 12,000 crore at its 27th annual general meeting to be held by the end of September.
Other Sensex losers include, Reliance Ind and private banks such as Axis Bank, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up 0.4-0.6% each.
Market breadth was strong with 1,400 gainers and 488 losers on the BSE.
 Advertisements

Rupee depriciates in early trade on increased dollar demandForex Update: Rupee logs sixth weekly rise, ends at 60.65 against dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 13, 2014  | 11:54 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Friday gained 28 paise, notching up its best daily gain in a month, to end strong at 60.65 against the American currency on heavy dollar selling by banks and exporters amid positive cues from equity markets .
A weak US dollar overseas and capital inflows also helped the rupee rally for the second straight day, forex dealers said. This helped the domestic unit to end with gain of 26 paise for the week, the sixth straight weekly rise.
Against its major global rivals, the dollar index was trading lower by 0.03 per cent. This was ahead of some economic data and the US Federal Reserve's meeting on rates early next week.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.97 a dollar from last close of 60.93 and immediately touched a low of 61.03.
It later rebounded on dollar selling by exporters and some banks amid better domestic stocks to a high of 60.6450, settling finally at 60.65, with a rise of 28 paise (0.46 per cent).
The rupee recorded its best daily gain since the 45-paise rise on August 14, 2014.
Trading range  for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.10 to 61.00, said Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday recouped 65.17 points, or 0.24 per cent, ahead of the announcement of key macro economic data later in the day today. FPIs/FIIs had picked up shares worth US $77.48 million on Thursday, as per provisional data.
The government released industrial production (IIP) data for July , which showed industrial output grew 0.5 per cent, and August inflation based on consumer price index (CPI), which eased to 7.08 per cent on year-on-year basis.

Pakistan evacuates thousands as floods hitplainsFlash floods have damaged tens of thousands of homes and affected over a million people since September 3.
Associated Press | Islamabad | Posted: September 12, 2014 9:57 am
Pakistani troops used helicopters and boats to evacuate thousands of marooned people from the country’s plains where raging monsoon floods inundated more villages on Thursday, as the Indian military dropped food for hundreds of thousands of people marooned in flood-hit areas of Indian-held Kashmir.
Pakistani and Indian officials said the death toll had reached 461 in the two countries.
Flash floods have washed away crops, damaged tens of thousands of homes and affected over a million people since September 3, when heavy monsoon rains lashed Pakistan’s eastern Punjab province and Kashmir the Himalayan region claimed by both India and Pakistan.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif visited the Pakistan-administered portion of Kashmir on Thursday and told flood victims that his government would do whatever it can to rebuild their damaged homes. “I am grieved over the deaths caused by the floods,” he said in a televised speech.
Ahmad Kamal, a spokesman for Pakistan’s National Disaster Management Authority, said 261 people have been killed and 482 injured in Pakistan. “The situation is still alarming as flood waters are entering the country’s plains in the Jhang district, inundating more villages and affecting thousands,” he said.
The military said it was expanding relief operations in Punjab, where the Chenab River overflowed. Troops in helicopters and boats evacuated 4,000 more people from Jhang, it said.
Kamal said high floods were likely to reach the southern Sindh province later this week.
Authorities were supplying tents, food and other items to survivors, but many complained that the government was not doing enough. “I feel as If I am a beggar, as I have to wait for hours to get free food,” a survivor told a Pakistani news channel.

Opinion: How Modi can realise his IT + IT = India Tomorrow dreamModi government's approach to internet governance position and regime must be strengthened
Sep 12, 2014, 09.52AM IST
Tags:
(To realise Indian Talent…)
By Subimal Bhattacharjee
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's government has signalled the policy direction and future roadmap in many sectors. It has announced a comprehensive Digital India initiative that would cater to digital infrastructure capacity building, governance and services on demand and digital empowerment of citizens. What remains untouched is the approach to internet governance position and regime.
The realisation of Digital India will happen through the media of internet and its availability and, hence, have a significant impact on the direction that the global internet governance deliberations take. To realise Indian Talent (IT) + Information Technology (IT) = India Tomorrow (IT), India has to be fully engaged, if not leading the global deliberations on internet.
The ninth meeting of the Internet Governance Forum was held at Istanbul last week. Despite expectations, the new government did not spell out its position to the global community.
Hopefully, this would be done at the ITU Plenipotentiary meet in October at Seoul. Since the UN General Assembly session in October 2011 — when the then-Opposition BJP MP Dushyant Singh had proposed the 50-nation Committee on Internet Related Proposals to govern all issues around internet backed by the India, Brazil, South Africa (Ibsa) deliberations just before that — India is seen to be drifting away from what is perceived to be the club of nations as the natural way forward for running the medium.
The Indian position was clear about a democratic, transparent and inclusive arrangement running the medium. But it was seen as somewhat complex and impossible to administer considering the range of stakeholders.
Now, there is a divide among nations : multi-stakeholder versus multilateralism. The OECD countries, with more than 80 per cent of the internet economy, back the multistakeholder approach. Countries such as China, Russia, Iran and few others, with doubtful internet freedom credentials, favour multilateralism.
In March this year, when the US agreed to give up the management of the key IANA functions to a wider body on six conditions, the key point was a multi-stakeholder regime. At NetMundial in Brazil in April this year, following the US announcement, India reiterated its commitment to a democratic and transparent medium, but ambiguously proposed a multilateral regime with all stakeholders involved. With a Global Commission on Internet Governance (GCIG) as a representative multi-stakeholder body working now under the leadership of the Swedish foreign minister, it will be critical for India to present its position in a clear, comprehensive way.
Since internet fragmentation is already being talked about, it would be crucial to understand how an Indian role could avert it. Possibly, Modi can play the role of a global statesman to ensure internet remains one, free for all to use but under certain accepted norms. It would be a fitting approach from a leader who understands the power of netizens.
At the Brics summit in Brazil in July this year, Modi flagged cyber issues as being a global commons and the need for Brics to look at this medium and its efficient management. It will be interesting to see what a Brics involvement in internet governance issues may bring, given a divide even within this grouping on multi-stakeholder versus multilateralism.
What lies in India's interest? As a significant and respected player in the global information technology ecosystem, India's position will be keenly watched. So, a comprehensive think-tank exercise should be undertaken on the economic and security interests of the nation.
Clearly, the call has to be on merit. Today, the OECD accounts for over 90 per centof India's software and service industry exports of more than $100 billion. So, the impact potential business' growth on the Indian economy should be factored in. Likewise, cyber security and stability of the medium are also crucial factors to consider.
(The writer is a former country head of a US defence multinational firm)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold: Stuck near 7-1/2 mth low | Indians shy...India's love affair with gold may be over, as prices slide
Reuters Sep 12, 2014, 09.20AM IST
Tags:
equities
(Indian gold ETFs, a financial…)
VANGAL: Kiran Laxman Salunkhe used to buy jewellery during religious festivals, but sliding gold prices have led the young Indian farmer to break with his family's traditional investment.
This year Salunkhe has deposited his hard-earned savings at the bank for the first time in a decade and bought farmland.
"I bought jewellery when gold price was 32,000 rupees (per 10 grams) last year. Now jewellers won't pay me more than 27,000 rupees if I want to sell. Why should I invest in gold," said Salunkhe, who farms 15 acres of sugar cane in Vangal, a village 250 km (160 miles) south of Mumbai.
"Nowadays it is risky to keep jewellery. Burglaries are rising," he said. "With a fixed deposit there is no risk."
A one-quarter drop in local gold prices over the past year has shaken the confidence of Indians in the precious metal as a store of value and dented demand in the world's second-biggest buyer.
The main beneficiary has been Indian stocks, which have been clocking up records on hopes that Prime Minister Narendra Modi can deliver on the promise of "better days" ahead that swept him to power in May's general election.
Beyond short-term sentiment, a major push by Modi for every household to get a bank account, better education and living standards, and falling inflation expectations, could herald a more secular change in investing habits.
"The attachment of Indians to gold will remain," said Harish Galipelli, head of commodities and currencies at Inditrade Derivatives and Commodities Ltd., referring to gold's culturally embedded role in dowry gifts or decorating Hindu temples.
"But as the banking network expands and literacy rises, people in rural areas will explore other investment products like mutual funds or bank deposits. The mindset is slowly changing."
If the national obsession with gold does fade that would help curb India's external deficits - gold is the second biggest item on the import bill after oil - and cap world gold prices that are trading sideways in 2014.
Back To Equities
If the crowds selling scrap gold to Kapil Parekh at his shop in Mumbai's Zaveri Bazaar are anything to go by, the shift by small-time speculators out of gold is continuing unabated.
"Many investors who came after 2008's stock market crash were short-term investors," said Parekh.
"They came when the stock market wasn't giving returns. Now, since shares are rallying, they are liquidating gold and going back to equities . They may come back."
One customer, Dinesh Jain, said he had sold 64 grams of gold bought since 2011 and was investing the proceeds - now worth nearly $3,000 - in information technology stocks.
India's investment demand for gold slumped by 67 percent in the June quarter from a year ago to 49.6 tonnes, World Gold Council (WGC) data showed. Based on industry and WGC estimates, investment demand could nearly halve to 190 tonnes this year.
Investment demand was 37 percent of total 2013 gold sales.
Indian gold exchange-traded funds , a financial product that sophisticated investors use to gain exposure to the metal, have suffered 15 straight months of outflows.
In contrast, turnover on Mumbai's main NSE bourse is up by 61 percent, while $50 billion has flowed into mutual funds in the financial year starting April 1 - up sixfold from the entire previous year.
Term deposits in Indian banks have also risen but by a more modest $3.6 billion since April, compared to a drop of $2.9 billion last year, central bank figures show.
Shifting Sentiment
A decade-long surge in gold prices to 2013 led investment buying of bars and coins to quadruple. Over the same time, sales of traditionally more popular jewellery rose by just a quarter.
But since hitting a record high of 35,074 rupees per 10 grams in August 2013, local gold prices have fallen steadily, tracking weakness in overseas prices and a strengthening rupee.
In the past, such price falls would have attracted bargain hunters. Not now.
"The 11-year rally in gold prices created a perception that they will only go up. This price fall has broken that conviction," Prithviraj Kothari, vice president of the India Bullion & Jewellers' Association, told Reuters.
"Now people are diversifying their investments. This trend will increase in the coming years," added Kothari, cautioning that expectations of a tightening in super-loose U.S. monetary policy would weigh on gold.
"During uncertainly people chase gold. Now, since we have stability, economic growth will revive. It will ultimately push up the stock market and real estate prices."
But for some India's love affair with gold will endure.
"Last year, despite a premium of over $100 (per ounce over London prices), buyers were crowding my counter," said a Mumbai-based dealer at a state-run bank.
"Now, the premium is just $5. The peak festive season is ahead. But I am waiting for customers. There is no hysteria."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Would mimicking MFs make money for retail investorsAshok Leyland
(In the past 10 days, asset…)
For years, local fund managers have picked up more winners from a mixed bag of mid- and small-cap stocks than their foreign counterparts. What possibly helped the former lot was continuous monitoring of these companies, regular interactions with managements and a conscious decision to go beyond the balance sheets.
In the past 10 days, asset management companies of HDFC, IDFC, Reliance and UTI have bought shares of some small and little-known companies such as Cigniti Technologies, BL Kashyap & Sons, Automotive Axles, Carborundum Universal and Sanghi Industries. But, should retail investors ape them? ET's Rajesh Mascarenhas analyses...
Automotive Axles
Automotive Axles, the country's largest independent manufacturer of rear drive axle assemblies, is a joint venture of the Kalyani Group and Meritor Inc, US. Ashok Leyland, Tata Motors, Volvo India and SML Isuzu are some of its clients. A week ago, UTI Mutual Fund bought 76,369 shares of the company for Rs 655 a piece. The stock has risen 173 per cent since January. The company has posted a 16 per cent growth in sales at Rs 187 crore for the quarter ended June 2014, while its profit doubled to Rs 5.67 crore. Though valuations remain expensive at 70 times, its trailing 12-month earnings, investors with higher risk appetite may buy this stock.
Cigniti Technologies
Cigniti is an independent software testing services company with a market-cap of Rs 838 crore. In the past 16 years it has worked with Indian and US companies to deliver software through a combination of onsite consulting and offshore delivery. The shares of the company doubled since January to Rs 403 on Thursday. The company's revenue jumped 71 per cent to Rs 259 crore for the year ended March 2014 from Rs 151 crore in the previous year. Net profit grew 411 per cent to Rs 25.55 crore from Rs 5 crore in the previous year. Its reported earnings per share was Rs 12.27, a growth of 361 per cent over the previous year. IDFC Mutual Fund has bought 3 lakh shares of Cigniti at Rs 365. This is a counter for high-risk investors.
Carborundum Universal
HDFC Mutual Fund has purchased 10 lakh shares of Carborundum at Rs 188 per share. Carborundum is currently trading at 19 times oneyear forward P/E, a 45 per cent premium to its eight-year historical average and a 39 per cent premium to its fouryear historical average. The company is facing headwinds across segments due to weak demand and high input costs. However, analysts expect EBITDA margins of the company to improve from FY15, resulting in higher EPS and RoE. Further, the pace of industrial recovery and operating leverage should lead to sharp earnings upgrade for FY16. The stock has risen 33 per cent so far this year. It may be a long-term buy.
 
BL Kashyap & Sons
BL Kashyap is a design and construction company focused on civil and industrial projects. The company has two subsidiaries in the furnishings and real estate development space. The stock has doubled since the beginning of the year, but revenues for the quarter ended June 2014 halved to Rs 174 crore from Rs 336 crore in the yearago period. Its losses widened to Rs 15.40 crore for the quarter ended June 2014 against Rs 2 crore in 2013. HDFC MF recently acquired 14.21 lakh shares at Rs 9.2 per share. ICICI Prudential owns 2.43 per cent stake in the company. Huge debt and pressure on profitability are major concerns. Investors should avoid this stock as there are other companies in this space with better balance sheet and lower valuations.
Sanghi Industries
On Tuesday, Reliance Mutual Fund bought 32.66 lakh shares of Sanghi Industries (a manufacturer of clinker and cement) at Rs 44.50 a share. The promoters' holding as on June 30, 2014, was 71.03 per cent with institutions owning 3.5 per cent as on June 30, 2014. Despite a 187 per cent surge since January, the stock is currently trading at a fair valuation of 22 times its 12-month earnings. Cement stocks in the mid-cap space have certain potential amid expectations that demand would rise with a pick-up in infrastructure projects.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sun Pharma shares fall over 2%; slip for second day in a row on US FDA concernsSun Pharma shares fall over 2%; slip for second day in a row on US FDA concerns
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 09.33AM IST
Tags:
debt
(The stock has fallen on reports…)
NEW DELHI: After falling 4 per cent in the previous session, shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals plunged as much as 2.3 per cent in trade on Friday amid reports that its Halol manufacturing plant in Gujarat has been subjected to surprise inspection by the American drug regulator United States Food and Drug Administration ( USFDA ).
At 09:20 a.m.; Sun Pharmaceuticals was trading 2.1 per cent lower at Rs 805.25. It has hit a low of Rs 802.45 and a high of Rs 815.95 in trade today.
This is the third such recall for Sun which agreed to buy troubled fellow drug maker Ranbaxy in March this year to create the world's fifth largest generic drug maker, ET reported.
Sarabjit Kour Nangra , VP- Research (Pharma), Angel Broking said it is learnt that Sun Pharma's manufacturing facility in Halol (Gujarat) is undergoing a surprise inspection by the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA). The move may have been triggered by a number of recent recalls from the plant, sources, familiar with the development."
The firm also announced plans to introduce an enabling resolution at its forthcoming shareholders meet to raiseRs 12,000 crore through a qualified institutional placement.
There are no plans to raise equity or debt and that this is just an enabling resolution as a similar permission from shareholders last year had lapsed, ET reported quoting Uday Baldota, the chief financial officer of Sun.
A QIP of the size mentioned in the resolution would be one of the largest in recent times, if it were to happen. Baldota declined to comment on the drug recall.
Warfarin is a significant drug for Taro which contributes onethird to Sun's revenue of Rs 3,927 crore and 4.5 per cent to Taro's sales of $130 million.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will Snowman Logistics give you 30% returns todaySep 12, 2014, 10.01 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Will Snowman Logistics give you 30% returns today?
After looking at great response to the issue, which got oversubscribed 60 times supported by QIBs, HNIs as well as retail, expectations for listing price are very high now.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Will Snowman Logistics give you 30% returns today?
After looking at great response to the issue, which got oversubscribed 60 times supported by QIBs, HNIs as well as retail, expectations for listing price are very high now.
Post your opinion here
Sunil Shankar Matkar
moneycontrol.com
Snowman Logistics  shares will list on Friday. It has fixed the issue price at higher end of the price band of Rs 44-47 apiece as majority of the bids were at the higher band.
After looking at great response to the issue, which got oversubscribed 60 times supported by QIBs, HNIs as well as retail, expectations for listing price are very high now.
According to sources, the grey market premium is around Rs 15-23 over the issue price of Rs 47, but experts' range for listing price is 5-45 percent.
Experts that moneycontrol.com spoke to are very bullish on the stock in the long term as it is going to be the listed company in cold chain industry with excellent fundamentals. However, their debut price range for the stock is very high.
Prabhat Anantharaman of Nirmal Bang has minimum listing premium expectations. He sees 5-10 percent listing gains on the stock on Friday due to strong response to the issue, while Astha Jain of Hem Securities expects the stock to list at 10-20 percent premium.
Two other experts are extremely optimistic about the opening price. Manish Bhatt of Prabhudas Lilladher sees opening premium of Rs 59-70, while SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com expects the stock to begin with Rs 70 apiece.
Strategy on debut day
According to Astha Jain, one can still buy the stock at 10 percent premium if one wants to. She advises investors, who got allotment in IPO or will buy at 10 percent premium on listing day, to hold the stock for medium to long term.
She sees 30-40 percent returns over the next one year as she expects strong results from the company.
Anantharaman too said the fundamentals are excellent and as the proxy to growth in Indian economy, the company has huge potential to grow strongly going ahead.
Meanwhile, Manish Bhatt advises buying the stock below Rs 59 or below the equilibrium price arrived in pre-opening session. He expects double the stock price in next one year.
About issue and company
The 4.2 crore publis issue of Snowman, an integrated temperature-controlled logistics services provider, was opened for subscription on August 26-28.
The largest cold chain solutions provider raised Rs 197 crore through the issue, which will be used for setting up new temperature controlled and ambient warehouses, and long term working capital.
The company, which operates 23 temperature-controlled warehouses across 14 locations in India (including Kolkata, Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai and Bengaluru), proposes to set up another such 6 and 2 ambient warehouses at 6 cities at the cost of around Rs 140 crore.
It has a pan-India presence with warehousing capacity of 58,543 pallets and 3,000 ambient pallets, which is expected to increase to 85,000 pellets in current financial year (FY15) and further to 1 lakh pellets by FY16, said the company in its prospectus.
Brokerages believe its big expansion plan (of raising capacity to 1 lakh pallets by next financial year) is expected to boost the operating performance of the company over the next two years.
Promoter and largest shareholder Gateway Distriparks (GDL) reduced its shareholding to 40.4 percent from 54.04 percent. Other major shareholders include Mitsubishi Corporation, Mitsubishi Logistics Corporation, International Finance Corporation and Norwest Venture Partners VII-A Mauritius.
Revenue and profit growth of the company in last four financial years was very strong, up 40-50 percent on compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) basis. Total income from operations and reported profit after tax in FY14 grew by 35 percent to Rs 153.41 crore and 18 percent to Rs 22.48 crore while operating profit margin expanded to 24.7 percent from 22.4 percent year-on-year.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

Rupee breaches 61 mark; drops 7 paise in early tradeRupee breaches 61 mark; drops 7 paise in early trade
Brent heads for worst week in six at below $98 on weak demandBrent heads for worst week in six at below $98 on weak demand
Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy extend fall on USFDA s surprise inspection reportSun Pharma  Ranbaxy extend fall on USFDA s surprise inspection report
Sensex regains 27 000Sensex regains 27 000
Ministries can now clear projects up to Rs 1 000 crHi Guest
Ministries can now clear projects up to Rs 1,000 cr
The government last month authorised ministries and departments to clear investment proposals up to Rs 1,000 crore (Rs 10 billion), instead of seeking approval of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs. The earlier limit was Rs 300 crore (Rs 3 billion). The move came after road transport and highways minister Nitin Gadkari pushed for it. “This will avoid many layers of approval and work can be awarded in a fast-track manner,” an official said. Rajiv Kumar, a senior fellow with ...

Markets feed off Fed worries  rupee drops  stocks drift lowerBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

after 30 months in slow lane  truck sales pick upBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

DIIs book profit as markets rally  but FIIs remain net buyersBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Vote against sale of PTLs hospital business  IiAS tells shareholdersBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Scientists Poke Huge Hole In Theory About Volcanoesreddit
Have scientists had volcanoes all wrong?
A popular theory has it that, at least in certain types of volcanos, eruptions occur when molten rock known as magma gushes up from deep inside the earth via narrow jets known as mantle plumes . But a new study of seismic data has identified one very big hole in the theory:
Mantle plumes don't exist.
" Mantle plumes have never had a sound physical or logical basis ," study co-author Dr. Don L. Anderson, professor emeritus of geophysics at Caltech in Pasadena, California, said in a written statement released by the university. "They are akin to Rudyard Kipling's 'Just So Stories,' a reference to the British author's tales offering silly explanations for how giraffes and other animals got their peculiar anatomies."
This illustration shows the upper part of a volcano. Scientists have long hypothesized that 'pipes' of molten rock (magma) extend to the Earth's core, but new data suggest they don't actually exist.
Mantle plumes were first hypothesized in 1971 and widely adopted among geologists around 1990, Anderson told The Huffington Post in an email. But despite significant research activity over the past couple of decades, the seismic data available to researchers were too spotty either to prove or disprove the existence of the plumes.
According to the new study--co-authored by Dr. James Natland, a professor emeritus of marine geology and geophysics at the University of Miami--robust new data and improved theory show once and for all that those plumes are nowhere to be seen.
So if magma plumes aren't sending molten rock to the surface, how does it get there?
Via gigantic "chunks" of mantle that rise toward the Earth's surface, according to the new theory. These upwellings aren't narrow but can be thousands of kilometers across, Anderson said in the email; as heat from inside the earth pushes them up, narrow channels of cooler material called slabs sink.
"This is a simple demonstration that volcanoes are the result of normal broad-scale convection and plate tectonics ," Anderson said in the statement.
But if you're thinking the new study might improve our ability to predict when eruptions will occur, you're in for a disappointment.
The new research "does not have any connection to the timing of volcanic eruptions," Anderson said in the email. "It is an important step to understanding how the Earth has cooled and changed since its formation."
The study was published online September 8, 2014, in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Also on HuffPost:

Oil prices rise after Obama speech on Iraq strategyOil prices rise after Obama speech on Iraq strategy
AFP  Singapore, September 11, 2014
First Published: 09:08 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:10 IST(11/9/2014)
Comments
Oil prices rose in Asia on Thursday after US President Barack Obama vowed to destroy jihadist militants in crude producers Syria and Iraq, but analysts said weak global demand and a supply glut capped gains.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for October delivery rose 16 cents to $91.83 while Brent crude for October gained 14 cents to $98.18 in mid-morning trade.
In a prime-time televised address, Obama on Wednesday said the United States was ready to strike the "Islamic State" (IS) in Syria, while vowing to expand operations against them in neighbouring Iraq.
"Our objective is clear: we will degrade, and ultimately destroy, ISIS through a comprehensive and sustained counter-terrorism strategy," Obama said.
The Islamic State group, also known as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS), has overrun large swathes of Iraq and Syria and declared a "caliphate" in those areas.
The sweeping offensive began on June 9, preventing Baghdad from exporting oil via a pipeline to Turkey and by road to Jordan.
In Syria, a three-year civil war between the government and insurgents including IS has seen production diminish from 400,000 barrels a day in 2010 to around 25,000 barrels a day in January, according to the US Energy Information Administration.
Desmond Chua, market analyst at CMC Markets in Singapore, said oil prices are unlikely to surge after Obama's speech.
"Unless there is a dramatic escalation in the situation with the Islamic State, we are unlikely to see crude supplies being threatened," Chua told AFP.
"The global supply glut combined with signs of weak demand will continue to contribute to a somewhat slackening of oil prices," he said.
The Organization for Petroleum Exporting Countries on Wednesday said in a report that demand would grow by 1.05 million barrels per day in 2014 to 91.2 million barrels, trimming 50,000 from the previous outlook.
Demand in 2015 is expected to grow 1.19 million barrels per day, 20,000 barrels a day fewer than before, the cartel said.

Rupee recovers 11 paise against dollar in early tradeRupee recovers 11 paise against dollar in early trade
PTI  Mumbai, September 11, 2014
First Published: 09:50 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 10:34 IST(11/9/2014)
Comments
The rupee recovered by 11 paise to trade at 60.84 against the US dollar in early trade on Thursday on selling of the American currency by banks and exporters.
Besides, a higher opening in the domestic equity market also supported the local currency but dollar's gains against other currencies overseas capped the gains, forex dealers said.
On Wednesday, the rupee had lost 35 paise to close at a four-week low of 60.95 after dipping below 61-mark against the American currency on growing concern that US hiking interest rates sooner-than-expected will hit inflows.
The rupee had depreciated by over 1% in the past two days.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex recovered by 87.77 points, or 0.32%, to trade at 27,145.18 in early trade on Thursday.

Why Apple Pay may not be a game changer after all#apple #apple pay #apple watch #iphone 6
Bangalore: Apple's launch of its own tap-to-pay system using near-field communication in its new iPhones and smartwatches may not be a game changer after all.
The success of Apple Pay, unveiled at a gala launch on Tuesday, hinges on the willingness of retailers to use NFC-based payment systems, industry experts said.
So far the technology, which uses wireless technology to transfer data over short distances, has failed to catch on due to the high costs involved.
The success of Apple Pay hinges on the willingness of retailers to use NFC-based payment systems, says industry experts.
An NFC-enabled reader costs between $250 and $300. In addition to that, merchants also need to train staff and set up backend IT systems.
Apple is betting on the popularity of its iPhones and the convenience and security of its payment system to prompt customers and retailers to make the shift.
The technology will allow iPhone users to pay for anything from office supplies to burgers at the tap of a button, using their American Express Co, Visa Inc or Mastercard Inc bank cards.
But Apple first needs to swiftly add more retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Best Buy Co Inc, which recently stopped accepting payments using NFC terminals.
"At this point we have no plans to accept Apple Pay," Best Buy spokesman Jeff Shelman said.
US retailers have been notoriously slow when it comes to adopting new payment technology.
They are already lagging in the adoption of payment systems that can read chip-enabled credit and debit cards, a move hastened by a massive data breach at Target Corp last Christmas.
Trying to convince them to move to mobile-based payment terminals can be a big challenge.
"Apple's tremendous failure yesterday was in demonstrating anything that was merchant-friendly," said Tom Noyes, chief executive of Commercesignal Inc, a data and payments company.
"There is nothing they showed that wasn't possible 7 years ago. There's nothing for the merchants," Noyes, a former Citigroup Inc executive, added.
Apple declined to comment.
Rival systems
Apple Pay also faces competition from Merchant Customer Exchange (MCX) - a consortium of retailers including Wal-Mart and Best Buy - which is developing its own mobile payment platform.
MCX merchants account for over $1 trillion of consumer spending, or roughly a quarter of the total retail spending in the United States, Morgan Stanley analyst Smittipon Srethapramote wrote in a note to clients.
Its members are currently prohibited from accepting all other mobile wallets. Some members have even flipped the switch on their NFC terminals.
Mobile handset makers included NFC chips in about 300 million smartphones last year, a third of all smartphones shipped.
The number of NFC-enabled phones is expected to touch 550 million this year, helped by Apple's devices and an expanding number of Android gadgets, Gartner analyst Mark Hung estimated.
Gartner Research had projected last year that the value of mobile payments by 2017 would be $721 million globally, with only 5 percent coming from NFC payments.
"The economics of NFC implementation for the issuing and acquiring communities have been a challenge, resulting in slow adoption of the technology," industry association Smart Card Alliance said in a report published in November 2013.

Sensex  Nifty end in red; Sun Pharma  ONGC major losersSep 11, 2014, 03.52 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty end in red; Sun Pharma, ONGC major losers
Sun Pharma and ONGC lost around 4 percent each while Coal India, Wipro and M&M were other laggards in the Sensex. SBI, Hero, BHEL, HUL and Tata Power were major gainers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty end in red; Sun Pharma, ONGC major losers
Sun Pharma and ONGC lost around 4 percent each while Coal India, Wipro and M&M were other laggards in the Sensex. SBI, Hero, BHEL, HUL and Tata Power were major gainers.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:34 pm Market closing
It is the third consecutive day that market has ended in red as consolidation mode is on. The Nifty once again ended below the 8100-level, down 8 points at 8085.70. The Sensex slipped 61.54 points to 26995.87.
Sun Pharma and ONGC lost around 4 percent each while Coal India, Wipro and M&M were other laggards in the Sensex. SBI, Hero, BHEL, HUL and Tata Power were major gainers.
03:20 pm MF data
Mutual fund (MF) managers raised their exposure in bank stocks to all-time high of over Rs 56,600 crore in August, making it the seventh consecutive monthly rise in capital infusion.
According to the latest data available with Securities and Exchange Board of India, MF investments in bank stocks reached Rs 56,625 crore as on August 31, accounting for 20.10 percent of their total equity assets under management (AUMs) of Rs 2.81 lakh crore.
Since January, MFs have been raising their exposure to banking shares. Software was the second most preferred sector with MFs, with an exposure of Rs 29,668 crore, followed by pharma (Rs 19,394 crore), auto (Rs 17,754 crore) and finance (Rs 15,116 crore).
At current levels, the MF industry has the highest exposure to banking sector since August 2009.
03:00pm Torrent Power in News
Torrent Power is the latest company to enter the list of interested parties for GMR’s Emco plant, reports CNBC-TV18 quoting unnamed sources.
The company is said to have conducted an initial round of inspection at the plant which is one of the assets GMR is trying to monetize to pare it Rs 40,000 crore debt.
GMR is likely to sell its majority stake in the plant which is worth Rs 3,948 crore. GDF Suez, Sembcorp and various other PE players are reported to be interested in the plant.
Both GMR and Torrent Power refrained from commenting on the development.
02:40pm Tata Motors under pressure
Shares of Tata Motors lost ground after its UK subsidiary Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) reported weak sales growth in August.
JLR sold 30249 units in August, down 11 percent compared to previous month but up 9 percent compared to same month last year. Jaguar sales dropped 16.5 percent M-o-M and 6 percent Y-o-Y to 5074 units while Land Rover sales declined 10.5 percent month-on-month (up 12 percent year-on-year) to 25175 units.
The fall in sales on month-on-month basis was because of production constraints at assembly lines three months prior to XE launch, name plate registration holiday in August-September in Europe and muted demand across few developed markets like US.
In last week, JLR US retail sales fell 14.8 percent Y-o-Y to 5673 units.
02:20pm Interview
Union Bank of India plans to raise Rs 1,386 crore through qualified institutional placement (QIP) by the end of FY15. Speaking to CNBC-TV18 on same, CMD Arun Tiwari says the bank will prefer doing the QIP when market price will be equal to book value as the bank is no hurry to raise funds.
The state-owned bank has already received all the necessary clearances from the Reserve Bank of India and shareholders to raise funds.
Union bank is targeting net interest margin of 2.9 percent by the end of this financial year after improving them to more than 2.5 percent in June quarter. The bank also expects to cut down its gross non-performing assets (NPAs) to below 4 percent in FY15 after rising to 4.27 percent in the quarter gone by.
02:00pm The market continued to consolidate at around 8100 level on the Nifty and 27000 level on the Sensex but the broader markets remained strong with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices rising 1-1.5 percent.
The Sensex declined 11.40 points to 27046.01 while the Nifty rose 2.40 points to 8096.50. About 1939 shares have advanced, 1030 shares declined, and 94 shares are unchanged.
Nitin Jain, principal investment manager, Kotak Mahindra (UK) Partner remains constructive on equity markets given the improving global liquidity. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, he says that India Inc’s earnings by the second or third quarter of this financial year should start reflecting this optimism.
Further he adds that earnings growth will be the key driver for Indian stock market from hereon.
Housing finance company HDFC and petrochemical major Reliance Industries led the recovery in the market in last hour of trade, up 1.4 percent and 0.4 percent, respectively.
Top lender State Bank of India jumped 1.7 percent followed by L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank, HUL, Hero Motocorp, Axis Bank and NTPC with 0.5-1.3 percent.
However, Sun Pharma, ONGC, Coal India and Wipro remained under pressure, falling 1-5 percent.
In the midcap space, GSFC, Abbott India, Westlife Development, EID Parry and GMDC rallied 6-20 percent while Godfrey Phillips, Triveni Turbine, J&K Bank, Jyothy Labs and Hindustan National Glass lost 3-5 percent.
13:00
Nifty struggles below 8100; banks & FMCG firm, pharma weak
The cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA) has waved the green flag to sell stake in Coal India, ONGC and NHPC and are set to garner over Rs 45,700 crore at current market rates. Retail investors are also set to get a 20 percent reservation in this stake sale.

Miss America Nina Davuluri  anchor to host Narendra Modi reception in USBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

India logs heaviest 2014 rainfall in past weekIndia logs heaviest 2014 rainfall in past week
Ratnajyoti Dutta        Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 18:27 IST
Photo:  Reuters
India's monsoon rains were 64 per cent above average in the week to September 10, the weather office said on Thursday, the heaviest rainfall so far seen in this year's patchy season.
Rainfall turned 24 per cent surplus in the previous week after the June-September monsoon season broke a three-week-long lull that lasted until August 27.
The annual monsoon rains are vital because over half of the country's farmlands lack irrigation, and the farm sector accounts for 14 per cent of the economy.
The wet monsoon run across the Indian sub-continent since early September caused ruinous floods in Kashmir and killed 450 people in India and Pakistan.

Sun Pharma falls 4% on surprise inspection reportsSun Pharma falls 4% on surprise inspection reports
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 19:05 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries on Thursday fell by over 4 per cent amid reports that its Halol manufacturing plant in Gujarat has been subjected to surprise inspection by United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA), the American drug regulator.
The pharma firm's scrip ended at Rs 822.80, down 4.29 per cent on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE). During the day, it fell by 6 per cent to Rs 808.
At the National Stock Exchange (NSE), the stock lost 4.29 per cent to Rs 821.
The stock was the biggest loser among the blue-chips on both Sensex and Nifty.
Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP-Research (Pharma), Angel Broking said it is learnt that Sun Pharma's manufacturing facility in Halol (Gujarat) is undergoing a surprise inspection by the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA).
The move may have been triggered by a number of recent recalls from the plant, sources, familiar with the development, said.
In the broader market the benchmark 30-share BSE Sensex ended at 26,995.87, down 61.54 points.

Finance Ministry Framing Incentive Scheme for Bankers to Push  Jan DhanWholesale Inflation Falls to Near 5-year Low of 3.74%
New Delhi:
In order to give a push to Jan Dhan scheme, the government is working out an attractive incentive scheme to encourage bankers to expeditiously meet account opening target.
"The Finance Ministry is preparing incentive scheme for bankers. It will be unveiled soon," sources said.
The government has already fixed minimum monthly renumeration of Rs 5,000 to business correspondents who provide the last link between the account holders and the bank.
The first phase of Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) is scheduled to be completed by January 26, 2015, as against original plan of August 15, 2015.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched this ambitious scheme of financial inclusion on August 28 and announced that 7.5 crore bank accounts would be opened during the first phase.
The main features of the PMJDY scheme include Rs 5,000 overdraft facility for Aadhar-linked accounts, RuPay Debit Card with inbuilt Rs 1 lakh accident insurance cover.
Besides, account holders under the scheme will get life insurance cover of Rs 30,000.
Yesterday, the Cabinet, headed by the Prime Minister, took stock of the Jan Dhan Yojana, under which banks have opened 3.02 crore accounts and mobilised about Rs 1,500 crore.
As of September 8, 2014, 3.02 crore accounts have been opened, of which 1.89 crore are in rural areas and 1.13 crore are in urban areas.
Banks have collected deposits of Rs 1,496.51 crore under the scheme so far, which works out to Rs 495 per account.
The new scheme, sources said, is a significant improvement over the UPA's financial inclusion programme.
The earlier scheme had no focus on households and no emphasis was given on urban financial inclusion, according to some experts. Besides, they maintained that there was a cumbersome Know Your Customer formality, restricting account opening.
Other deficiencies cited included lack of credit disbursement and 47 per cent of business correspondents being untraceable, resulting in inactive accounts.
The new scheme, sources said, has tried to address all the possible deficiencies and its monitoring would be done at state and district levels.
The 'mission mode' approach has been envisaged with the Finance Minister as head of the mission.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 20:38 (IST)

Mercedes launches E350 CDI at Rs 57.4 lakhBS Reporter |  Pune Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:46 AM IST
Mercedes launches E350 CDI at Rs 57.4 lakh
The car will be manufactured from its Chakan plant
German luxury-car maker Mercedes-Benz India on Thursday launched its highest selling product E 350 CDI in Pune on Thursday. The car is priced at Rs 57.42 lakh (ex-show room, Pune). This is an addition to the existing E-Class lineup that comprises of the E 200 petrol and the E 250 diesel. The car will be manufactured from its Chakan plant.
“The E 350 CDI is a much awaited product in our successful luxury sedan portfolio, is a very important product in our portfolio, playing a vital role in the product strategy of Mercedes-Benz India. The E-Class remains our highest selling model in India,” said Eberhard Kern, managing director & chief executive officer, Mercedes-Benz India.
However, Kern declined to comment on overall luxury car market of India. According to reports, the Indian luxury car market had sales of 32,000 units in the calendar year 2013 and is expected to cross 50,000 in 2014.
The E-class contributes 30 per cent of Mercedes India’s total sales which is highest amongst all the models. The company has registered 25 per cent half-yearly growth with total sales of 4,717 units in January- June 2014 period. Last year, it sold 9,003 units as compared to 6,840 units sold over the corresponding period of 2012. So far this year, it has launched seventh models out of the 10 product lined up for 2014. E-class is the highest selling product in Mercedes-Benz India’s portfolio in India, with 25,000 units since its introduction in India.
There are additional features though, like rear seat entertainment, 360 degree camera, parking assist, and a higher resolution screen COMAND infotainment system. The audio system is from Harman Kardon. Safety tech includes the Pre-Safe systems, eight airbags, adaptive lights and attention assist.
The new E 350 CDI will compete with other luxury sedans like BMW 530d M Sport, Audi 6 3.0-litre and Jaguar XF 3.0.
Along with 13 other car makers, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has fined Mercedes Benz India Rs 23.08 crore for failing to sell spare parts in the open market, violating competition law. Kern said, “We have received the notice and we are analysing it.”
He declined to comment further. The other car manufacturer include Maruti Suzuki India, Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd, Tata Motors Ltd, Toyota Motor Co., Honda Motor Co, Volkswagen, Fiat, Ford Motor India , General Motors, Nissan, Hindustan Motors, and Skoda.
 Advertisements

Congress has done nothing for Muslims  says Najma Heptulla#najma heptulla #bjp #congress #tracking the modi government #muslims
Mumbai: Union Minister for Minority Affairs Najma Heptulla on Thursday hit out at the Congress, saying its secular image was a farce meant to entrap the minority community. "Congress in the last 65 years has done nothing except to push the Muslims away from the path of growth. But it calls itself secular. Even when this secular government was in power, the riots didn't stop... they kept on increasing," Heptulla alleged.
She was addressing a gathering here organised by the BJP to frame a development agenda for the minority community ahead of the coming elections in Maharashtra. The former BJP vice president claimed that had she been with the Congress, she would have been made the President of India by now.
"I left the Congress when it had just won elections against (the NDA led by) Atal Bihari Vajpayee. I was the deputy chairman of Rajya Sabha. Had I continued with Congress, I would have been made the President of India. But in the process, I would have lost my peace of mind.. so I chose to leave the party," she said.
"The Congress today is in the business of giving big talks of development of the Muslims. But fails to deliver on the promises," Najma Heptulla said.
"I was born in a Congress family. But I gave up when I realised that this is not the same Congress that fought for India's independence. The Congress today is in the business of giving big talks of development of the Muslims. But fails to deliver on the promises," she said.
Heptulla, a five-time member of the Rajya Sabha, said she was shocked when a Congress leader said that "25,000 Muslims would be killed" if a BJP-led government came to power at the Centre.
"I was shocked at those comments...The Sachar committee report was a slap on the face of the Manmohan Singh government," she said. "It (Congress) only knows the art of showing a lollipop of reservations to the Muslims. But the Constitution prohibits this. If it is so sympathetic towards the Muslims why did it make such a Constitution? Is it not a mockery of the Constitution?" she said.
She also alleged that Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan turned a blind eye to irregularities in the implementation of Maulana Azad national fellowship for minority students' scheme.
"I have written so many letters to the CM asking him to look into this, he never bothered to even reply." Referring to the controversy over Prime Minister Narendra Modi's refusal to wear a Muslim cap (when he was Gujarat Chief Minister), Heptulla said she was happy that Modi didn't wear the cap.
"The condition of Muslims is very bad today... It was good that he didn't wear a topi like other leaders do...This only means that Muslims won't be betrayed by him the way other political leaders did," Heptulla said.

Difficult to sustain global growth without improving in India: General Motors CEO Mary BarraDifficult to sustain global growth without improving in India: General Motors CEO Mary Barra
Roudra Bhattacharya | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 12 2014, 07:28  IST
Sep 12 2014, 07:28  IST
 

J-K floods: Anger grows as govt goes missing  victims left on their ownComments
Rescue teams struggled on Thursday to reach thousands of people still marooned in Kashmir a week after the state’s worst flooding in 60 years as anger mounted over what many described as the collapse of the civil administration in Srinagar.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
The National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) deployed rescue boats in Rajbagh, one of the worst-affected areas in downtown Srinagar, while residents used makeshift rafts to evacuate people from other submerged areas in the state where about 400,000 people remain stranded after the devastating floods.
The ferocity of the deluge that has left more than 200 people dead appeared to have taken the state administration by surprise.
No local authorities, civil or police, were on the ground in Srinagar as people jostled for boats and those rescued from flooded homes in a dehydrated condition desperately looked for transport, medicines, food and shelter.
"Our ministers were busy evacuating their own people and VIPs in the first few days of the floods and disappeared thereafter. Have you seen Jammu and Kashmir politicians and policemen anywhere?” said Mohammad Hassan Wani, a local resident helping with relief after rescue operations.
“All top officials of the administration trapped in floods were airlifted, so were international tourists from Dal Lake. They had their own priority list."
Read: J-K is the only flood-prone state without a flood warning system
People complained the Omar Abdullah government had failed to warn them about the floods and was not equipped to deal with the natural disaster.
"We used to remove the tin roofs of our house to wave at helicopters to rescue us but they were only airlifting from locations briefed by the state administration," said Mansoor Ahmed, who was rescued on Thursday from the third floor of his Rajbagh house with his wife and 80-year-old mother.
Srinagar residents also complained the government was not doing anything to pump out standing water as fears of disease loomed large.
"We at Rajbagh were at the epicentre of the floods. A government jeep could have covered the area in half an hour if it gave door-to-door warning. The water will not go out of its own. And it is not rocket science for the state engineering department to figure out how to pump it out," said Yusuf Butt.
Read: Amid tragedy, fear of looting grips locals
The death of a seven-year-old after drinking contaminated water raised alarm bells in the area. "We have been given chlorine tablets, saying one is enough for 150 litres of water. Where is 150 litres of water to drink? We are buying drinking water bottles. There is no water tanker here," said Javed, a driver.
Officials said water supplies had been partially restored in the Valley and efforts were on to re-establish communication links that were snapped after the floods.
The government has moved thousands of people to makeshift shelters where they are also being provided with food and other basic amenities. The army has deployed about 30,000 troops for rescue and relief operations and soldiers distributed 224,000 litres of water and food to survivors.
In a gesture of solidarity, staff at the prime minister's office gave up one day's salary for flood relief.
Many people praised the army on social media for its efforts but others vented their anger at delays in getting help to survivors.
Basharat Peer, a journalist and author of a book on the Kashmir conflict, who is working as a volunteer in Srinagar, said the response to the disaster had been woeful.
"It is clear case of mismanagement. Why are the basic supplies still not made available?" Peer asked.
"There are thousands of people searching for their families They have no idea whether they are alive or dead. We have no clean drinking water, no medicines and food to feed the children."
(With agency inputs)

India s love affair with gold may be over as prices slide#india #gold #gold prices
Vangal: Kiran Laxman Salunkhe used to buy jewellery during religious festivals, but sliding gold prices have led the young farmer to break with his family's traditional investment.
This year Salunkhe has deposited his hard-earned savings at the bank for the first time in a decade and bought farmland.
"I bought jewellery when gold price was 32,000 rupees (per 10 grams) last year. Now jewellers won't pay me more than 27,000 rupees if I want to sell. Why should I invest in gold," said Salunkhe, who farms 15 acres of sugar cane in Vangal, a village 250 km (160 miles) south of Mumbai.
Investment demand was 37 percent of total 2013 gold sales.
"Nowadays it is risky to keep jewellery. Burglaries are rising," he said. "With a fixed deposit there is no risk."
A one-quarter drop in local gold prices over the past year has shaken the confidence of Indians in the precious metal as a store of value and dented demand in the world's second-biggest buyer.
The main beneficiary has been stocks, which have been clocking up records on hopes that Prime Minister Narendra Modi can deliver on the promise of "better days" ahead that swept him to power in May's general election.
Beyond short-term sentiment, a major push by Modi for every household to get a bank account, better education and living standards, and falling inflation expectations, could herald a more secular change in investing habits.
"The attachment of Indians to gold will remain," said Harish Galipelli, head of commodities and currencies at Inditrade Derivatives and Commodities Ltd., referring to gold's culturally embedded role in dowry gifts or decorating Hindu temples.
"But as the banking network expands and literacy rises, people in rural areas will explore other investment products like mutual funds or bank deposits. The mindset is slowly changing."
If the national obsession with gold does fade that would help curb India's external deficits - gold is the second biggest item on the import bill after oil - and cap world gold prices that are trading sideways in 2014.
Back to equities
If the crowds selling scrap gold to Kapil Parekh at his shop in Mumbai's Zaveri Bazaar are anything to go by, the shift by small-time speculators out of gold is continuing unabated.
"Many investors who came after 2008's stock market crash were short-term investors," said Parekh.
"They came when the stock market wasn't giving returns. Now, since shares are rallying, they are liquidating gold and going back to equities. They may come back."
One customer, Dinesh Jain, said he had sold 64 grams of gold bought since 2011 and was investing the proceeds - now worth nearly $3,000 - in information technology stocks.
India's investment demand for gold slumped by 67 percent in the June quarter from a year ago to 49.6 tonnes, World Gold Council (WGC) data showed. Based on industry and WGC estimates, investment demand could nearly halve to 190 tonnes in 2014.
Investment demand was 37 percent of total 2013 gold sales.
Indian gold exchange-traded funds, a financial product that sophisticated investors use to gain exposure to the metal, have suffered 15 straight months of outflows.
In contrast, turnover on Mumbai's main NSE bourse is up by 61 percent, while $50 billion has flowed into mutual funds in the financial year starting April 1 - up sixfold from the entire previous year.
Term deposits in banks have also risen but by a more modest $3.6 billion since April, compared to a drop of $2.9 billion last year, central bank figures show.
Shifting sentiment
A decade-long surge in gold prices to 2013 led investment buying of bars and coins to quadruple. Over the same time, sales of traditionally more popular jewellery rose by just a quarter.
But since hitting a record high of 35,074 rupees per 10 grams in August 2013, local gold prices have fallen steadily, tracking weakness in overseas prices and a strengthening rupee.
In the past, such price falls would have attracted bargain hunters. Not now.
"The 11-year rally in gold prices created a perception that they will only go up. This price fall has broken that conviction," Prithviraj Kothari, vice president of the India Bullion & Jewellers' Association, said.
"Now people are diversifying their investments. This trend will increase in the coming years," added Kothari, cautioning that expectations of a tightening in super-loose US monetary policy would weigh on gold.
"During uncertainly people chase gold. Now, since we have stability, economic growth will revive. It will ultimately push up the stock market and real estate prices."
But for some India's love affair with gold will endure.
"Last year, despite a premium of over $100 (per ounce over London prices), buyers were crowding my counter," said a Mumbai-based dealer at a state-run bank.
"Now, the premium is just $5. The peak festive season is ahead. But I am waiting for customers. There is no hysteria."

As CBI s Saradha net closes in on her party  Mamata flexes her cadre muscleAs CBI's Saradha net closes in on her party, Mamata Banerjee flexes her cadre muscle
Madhuparna Das | Kolkata | Updated:  Sep 12 2014, 08:02  IST
Sep 12 2014, 08:02  IST
 

Sebi censures BSE for lapses in R6K-cr NMDC share salePrint
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:43 am
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has censured the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) for its “conduct” during state-run National Mineral Development Corporation’s (NMDC) Rs 6,000-crore share sale in December 2012.
The censure follows the failure of the BSE in confirming the bids for 4.55 crore shares received from Citibank NA within the stipulated time of half an hour after post close session. The Sebi order also advised the bourse to conduct a detailed probe into confirmation of bids by Citibank NA.
In an order signed by Sebi whole-time member Prashant Saran, the regulator directed the BSE to engage one or more independent consultants to review the entire sequence of events, the process followed, checks in place and systems employed while accepting the offer-for-sale (OFS) bids by the BSE. “The consultant should bring out the shortcomings, if any, and suggest remedial measures within a period of three months. The BSE should then fix the responsibility internally, both in terms of processes and personnel, and take appropriate action,” the Sebi order said.
Sebi sought an explanation from the BSE for accepting bids for 4 crore shares after the cut-off time for trading. The rules governing such share sales say that stock exchanges have to reconcile all orders and payments in the half an hour after trading time – 3.30 pm to 4 pm – and no orders can be accepted after close of trading hours.
However, Sebi found that the confirmation of bids for NMDC’s 4.55 crore shares received from Citibank with available funds was clearly not concluded within the stipulated time of half an hour after post close session.
The BSE said that at 03:55 pm, prior to the expiry of the half an hour post close session, it had received a facsimile request from the one of its authorised clearing bank — Citibank — on behalf of the custodian, Citibank NA for updation of the collateral of Rs 905 crore in respect of the bids.
Due to the unexpected high volume of bids received immediately prior to the last half an hour before the close of OFS, the collateral deposit request of custodian, Citibank NA could not be uploaded on the exchange system in time, on account of an inadvertent human error. BSE stated that custodian Citibank NA was not in a position to confirm the bids prior to 04:15 pm – the extended time for confirmation of institutional trades jointly agreed upon between the exchanges and also intimated to Sebi.
“Data relating to the bid for 4.55 crore shares could not be communicated to Sebi at 5:57 pm. Citibank had legitimate expectation to participate in the NMDC OFS and the BSE had decided to accept their request. After updating the collateral received in the system, Citibank NA was allowed by the BSE to confirm the bid from the system at 6:22 pm to 6:31 pm,” the BSE said. It said the collateral deposit had been received prior to the respective cut-off time and at no time was the bid uncovered by margins. In view continued…

India s love affair with gold may be over  as prices slideBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Big screens - key to selling more iPhones in ChinaSep 12, 2014, 08.55 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
Big screens - key to selling more iPhones in China?
Globally, Samsung remained the world`s largest smartphone provider in Q2 with 26 percent market share, ahead of Apple`s 12 percent, Huawei`s 7 percent. Lenovo and Xiaomi both had 5 percent shares.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Big screens - key to selling more iPhones in China?
Globally, Samsung remained the world`s largest smartphone provider in Q2 with 26 percent market share, ahead of Apple`s 12 percent, Huawei`s 7 percent. Lenovo and Xiaomi both had 5 percent shares.
Post your opinion here
 
Apple`s share in China`s burgeoning smartphone market faces increasing competition from local players, but a trend towards large-screen phones could give the tech giant a boost, according to IDC.
On Tuesday, unveiled its latest offerings - the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which respectively have 4.7 inch and 5.5 inch screens - far larger than the current 4-inch iPhone 5s.
Apple will tap a growing preference for large-screen smartphones in China, IDC said in a report.
"There is a higher proportion of the younger generations (generation Y and X) [in the population]. The way they use smartphones is different, the percentage using voice is a lot smaller and they tend to use text more, watch video, play games or even buy things... so naturally they`d like to use a bigger-screen phone," said Kitty Fok, China managing director at IDC.
In 2013, over 20 percent of China`s smartphone market owned larger-screen phones - those with 5 to 7-inch screens - and IDC expects this to increase.
Also read:  Fashion world divided on first look at Apple Watch
Demand from China`s lower-tier cities is also driving demand for large-screened smartphones, Fok said. Users in more mature markets located in the tier-1 and 3 cities tend to own both a smartphone and a computer, Fok said, but users in tier-4 and 6 cities tend to have one device for all of their digital needs.
Cities in China are divided up into tiers to reflect population size, development of services and infrastructure, economic size and the cosmopolitan nature of the city. Cities in the higher tiers, such as Shanghai, a tier 1 city, tend to be more developed than a lower tier city like Fushun, a tier 4 city, for example.
"In tier 4-6 cities in China, without full popularization of PCs and tablets, smartphones are often the only devices for people to keep daily connection and entertainment, so bigger screen is more attractive," she added.
But in terms of affordability, Apple may struggle to compete with local players offering larger screens.
Local smartphone makers in China such as Xiamoi provide a wider variety of larger-screened phones at more affordable prices than international brands, IDC said, catering directly to this market segment.
These local players are reaping the benefits. Domestic player Xiaomi became the leading smartphone vendor in China in the second quarter with a 14 percent market share, knocking Samsung from the top position, according to a report from market research firm Canalys. Samsung had a 12 percent market share, while Apple`s was 6 percent.
Despite increasing competition, Apple has a loyal customer base in China, said IDC`s Fok, who estimates there to be around 50 million iPhone users in China.
The iphone 6 launch could prove perfect timing, she said, especially with its Chinese customer base on the cusp of a "replacement wave."
"The customer base for Apple is there, so we are expecting a replacement market for the existing Apple user," said Fok.
"If the new iPhone 6 is going to be on a big screen size option, it is likely to keep the current Apple users, as the users already familiar with the user interface and Apps...The screen size is really one thing which is missing for Apple users in China at the moment," she said.
Globally, Samsung remained the world`s largest smartphone provider in Q2 with 26 percent market share, ahead of Apple`s 12 percent, Huawei`s 7 percent. Lenovo and Xiaomi both had 5 percent shares.
Earlier this month, Samsung launched the 5.6-inch Galaxy Note Edge and the 5.7-inch Galaxy Note 4.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

Facebook draws some of YouTube s top content producersSep 12, 2014, 08.41 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Facebook draws some of YouTube's top content producers
If Facebook succeeds with its video push, it could undercut YouTube's dominance of the online video ad market, the Journal added, citing eMarketer estimates.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Facebook draws some of YouTube's top content producers
If Facebook succeeds with its video push, it could undercut YouTube's dominance of the online video ad market, the Journal added, citing eMarketer estimates.
Post your opinion here
 
Facebook Inc has approached some of YouTube's biggest content producers to get them to distribute their videos on the social network, the Wall Street Journal said on Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Facebook seems to be taking on Google Inc's video site by trying to lure its biggest content producers to the social network, the Journal said.
Popular content from Walt Disney Co's Maker Studios and Collective Digital Studio can already be found on Facebook via the site's news feed and on individual creator's pages, the report said.
One of YouTube's viral series "The Annoying Orange" by Collective has a dedicated page on the social network.
Also read:  What Alibaba learned from Facebook's IPO flop
"Our partnerships team regularly has conversations with content creators about how to best utilize all of Facebook's offerings, video included," a Facebook spokeswoman told the Journal.
Until recently, much of the video content on Facebook was YouTube videos posted by users, but Facebook now allows users to upload videos directly to its site. This enables the site to sell ads with the videos, the report said.
If Facebook succeeds with its video push, it could undercut YouTube's dominance of the online video ad market, the Journal added, citing eMarketer estimates.
Facebook was not immediately available to comment.
RELATED NEWS

Warhol sells 79.86 lakh shares of NCCSep 12, 2014, 08.40 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Warhol sells 79.86 lakh shares of NCC
Warhol Limited sold 79,86,239 shares of NCC.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Warhol sells 79.86 lakh shares of NCC
Warhol Limited sold 79,86,239 shares of NCC.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 11, 2014 Warhol Limited sold 31,86,239 shares of  NCC at Rs 69.07 on the BSE and sold 48,00,000 shares at Rs 69.07 on the NSE.
In the previous trading session, the share at Rs 69.10, down Rs 2.05, or 2.88 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 88.90 and 52-week low Rs 18.35 on 20 May, 2014 and 24 September, 2013, 
respectively.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 1.05 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 65.81. The latest book value of the company is Rs 98.22 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.7. The dividend yield of the company was 0.29 percent.
RELATED NEWS

Nevada Lawmakers Approve Tesla Tax BreaksIf it's not stuck in your head now, it will be in a few seconds. Transylvania University's Delta Sigma Phi created a...
YouTube

3 Coal India independent directors quit3 Coal India independent directors quit
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
Coal India, in a filing to the stock exchange, said R N Trivedi, Noor Mohammad and Indranil Manna, all independent directors, ceased to be directors with effect from September 10, 2014.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Today's Poll
Gold prices are falling. Will you invest now?
Yes

Sadhvi Prachi booked for hate speech against Mulayam SinghYadavPrint
Written by Mohd Faisal Fareed | Lucknow | Posted: September 12, 2014 10:16 am
The Moradabad district administration has lodged an FIR against BJP leader Sadhvi Dr Prachi for alleged inflammatory remarks against SP president Mulayam Singh Yadav.
She is alleged to have said that if any untoward incident happens with Mulayam’s family members, will he still say that ‘ladkon se ghalti ho jati hai’ (boys will be boys, they make mistakes) at an election rally in Thakurdwara constituency of Moradabad.
A notice has also been served to BJP candidate from the constituency, Rajpal Singh, for violation of Model Code of Conduct. Mulayam had made the remarks during the recent general elections while defending the rape accused.
During the speech, Sadhvi Prachi also allegedly said that “if you continue to vote for SP then the day is not far away when all the loudspeakers from temples will be pulled down.” She even reportedly addressed Mulayam as “budhau” during her speech.
BJP’s state president Lakshmikant Bajpaye and Gorakhpur MP Yogi Adityanath were also scheduled to address the meeting but could not reach the venue.
Sadhvi Prachi, however, remained defiant and blamed cabinet minister Azam Khan behind registration of the case. “It is being done at the behest of Azam Khan. I have proof he was involved in getting those accused in Kawal incident (that triggered Muzaffarnagar riots) from police station. Now I am being intimidated by cases and even facing life threat,” Sadhvi Prachi told The Indian Express.
Dr Prachi heads Sadhvi Shakti Parishad and had contested the previous assembly poll as BJP candidate held in 2012 from Purkazi assembly seat in Muzaffarnagar district.
Sadhvi Prachi also alleged that Azam is behind Muzaffarnagar riots and that he should be subjected to a narco test.
“Akhilesh Yadav is a lalla (kid). The government is being run by a minister from Rampur. Azam is behind the riots which occurred in Uttar Pradesh last year,” she said.
Sadhvi Prachi was earlier in news after she had ann-ounced Jalabhishek programme at Kanth temple after the loudspeaker row.
“A case has been registered against Sadhvi Prachi and a notice has been given to the BJP candidate for violation of Model Code of Conduct,” Deepak Aggrawal, DM Moradabad confirmed.

Sensex rangebound  Nifty near 8100; top ten stocks in focusSensex rangebound, Nifty trades near 8100; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 11.24AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The Nifty was at 8,092.05,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a narrow range with a positive bias on Friday, led by gains in TCS, ITC, HDFC, RIL and ONGC.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was trading in a range but below its crucial psychological level of 8100, supported by gains in consumer durable, oil & gas, realty and FMCG stocks.
At 11:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26999.82, up 3.95 points or 0.01 per cent. It touched a high of 27,065.02 and a low of 26,966.96 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8,082.35, down 3 points or 0.04 per cent. It touched a high of 8,102.95 and a low of 8,072.75 in early trade.
The domestic bourses were seen ending almost unchanged after a range bound session on Thursday. The upside move was also restricted as participants are keeping cautious view ahead of the Index of Industrial Production ( IIP ) and Consumer Price Index (CPI) numbers, which are scheduled on Friday.
"Keeping in mind the present scenario, we expect range bound yet volatile session on Friday. On the other hand, the broader market trend is still up so any further decline in index can be utilized by the traders for fresh buying," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"We maintain our positive view on banking, media & infra stocks for the next session," he added.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Coal India Ltd: Central trade unions have decided to oppose another 10 per cent divestment in Coal India, vowing to mobilize coal workers to "fight back" the decision.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.06 per cent lower at Rs 360.45.
Lakshmi Vilas Bank: Private sector lender aims to double its profits during the current financial year even as it has set a target of growing at 20 per cent year-on-year, according to a top official.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent higher at Rs 75.60.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: Buoyed by improved sentiment in domestic automobile market, Maruti Suzuki, the country's largest car maker, has scaled up its projection for growth in cars sales this financial year, said media reports.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 2956.
IDFC Ltd: Domestic institutional investors on Thursday lapped up infrastructure financier IDFC Ltd's Rs 1,000-crore qualified institutional placement (QIP).
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 148.05.
JSW Steel Ltd: Italian steelmaker Lucchini said on Thursday that it has received a binding offer from India's JSW Steel for its core assets in Piombino and is considering the offer.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent lower at Rs 1333.
GMR Infrastructure Ltd: The company said its board of directors will meet next week to consider a proposal to raise funds through a rights issue. The infrastructure developer, which has interests in airports, energy and highways, did not specify the amount it was looking to raise, said media reports.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 25.35.
ICICI Bank Ltd: ICICI Bank is in the market to raise at least $500 million (Rs 3,000 crore) through dollar bonds, two bankers familiar with the matter said, as Indian businesses continue to take on global debt as rates remain at historic lows.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.12 per cent lower at Rs 1564.
TVS Motor Company: Leading two wheeler maker TVS Motor Company Ltd expects to make operations of its Indonesian subsidiary, PT TVS Motor, profitable during the current fiscal, a senior executive of the company said today.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.83 per cent lower at Rs 227.70.
ITC & L&T: The government has lined up big bang stake sale in blue chip public sector stocks - Coal India, ONGC and NHPC - to raise over Rs 45,000 crore but has so far done little to offload its shares in ITC and Larsen & Toubro, which can help it mobilize another Rs 43,500 crore.
At 09:50 a.m.; ITC was trading 0.78 per cent higher while L&T was up 0.2 per cent to Rs 1600.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty consolidate; Snowman Logistics lists at Rs 75/shareSep 12, 2014, 11.01 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty consolidate; Snowman Logistics lists at Rs 75
Snowman Logistics started trade at Rs 75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, up 59.6 percent over its issue price of Rs 47 on huge buying interest on the listing day. The issue was subscribed 60 times, so such a nice listing was expected by analysts.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty consolidate; Snowman Logistics lists at Rs 75
Snowman Logistics started trade at Rs 75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, up 59.6 percent over its issue price of Rs 47 on huge buying interest on the listing day. The issue was subscribed 60 times, so such a nice listing was expected by analysts.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:00am Interview
In a bid to make a mark in the big car segment, India's top car maker Maruti Suzuki launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz. The car is available in petrol and diesel fuel options powered by a 1.4 litre and 1.3 litre engines respectively. Bookings opened on September 3.
Speaking exclusively to CNBC-TV18, Chairman RC Bhargava said, "Ciaz is not really the premium segment. It is like the Honda City segment. It is the same segment in which we had the Baleno and SX4. So, this car is another offering in that segment. We hope this car will do better in this segment than what we have achieved in the past."
He further added that in the festival season one can see growth of 20-25 percent over the non-festive season. Bhargava is hopful that the growth pattern this year will be similar to the past and will be sustained. The global launch of Ciaz is planned during the forthcoming festival season.
10:30am Market Expert
Sanjeev Prasad, Senior Executive Director & Co-Head, Kotak Institutional Equities says the medium-term rally remains intact, but the next leg of upmove will depend on government reforms. He says the market may be already discounting FY16 earnings and may see upside of 9 percent before getting fully discounted.
He is positive on autos, private banks from the start of the year and continues to remain so. “We are adding more consumption names to our portfolio,” he told CNBC-TV18.
10:00am Equity benchmarks remained in a consolidation mode with the Sensex rising 33.95 points to 27029.82 and the Nifty gaining 5.60 points to 8091.30 while the broader markets continued to outperform.
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices climbed 0.3 percent and 0.6 percent, respectively. About 1360 shares have advanced, 752 shares declined, and 78 shares are unchanged.
Snowman Logistics started trade at Rs 75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, up 59.6 percent over its issue price of Rs 47 on huge buying interest on the listing day. The issue was subscribed 60 times, so such a nice listing was expected by analysts.
Shares of ITC, HDFC, ONGC, TCS, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, HUL, Sesa Sterlite and Gail gained 0.3-0.8 percent whereas ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, Wipro, Tata Power, Dr Reddy's Labs and Hindalco fell 0.3-0.8 percent.
Drug maker Sun Pharma lost another 3.5 percent, in addition to 5 percent loss in previous session after US drug regulator conducted a surprise audit at the company’s Halol facility (which contributes 40 percent of US sales and 25 percent to consolidated profit) in Gujarat. The company is seeking shareholders' approval to set borrowing limit up to Rs 50,000 crore and also for raising funds up to Rs 12,000 crore.
09:15

Mutual Funds advanced as market ends with marginal gainsSep 12, 2014, 10.00 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mutual Funds advanced as market ends with marginal gains
Equity and debt Mutual Funds closed in a positive terrain as the broader markets retained their outperformance supported by fertiliser, PSU banks, technology, auto and auto ancillary stocks.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mutual Funds advanced as market ends with marginal gains
Equity and debt Mutual Funds closed in a positive terrain as the broader markets retained their outperformance supported by fertiliser, PSU banks, technology, auto and auto ancillary stocks.
Post your opinion here
 
Equity and debt Mutual Funds closed in a positive terrain though the equity benchmarks fell for the third consecutive session on Thursday but the broader markets retained their outperformance supported by fertiliser, PSU banks, technology, auto and auto ancillary stocks. Equity funds across categories including sector space excelled registering very few decline.
The 30-share BSE Sensex closed below the 27000 level, down 61.54 points to 26995.87 while the 50-share NSE Nifty fell 8.40 points to 8085.70. However, the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices were up 1-1.5 percent. The Midcap index gained for the ninth consecutive session while Smallcap rallied for the fifth straight day.
Experts feel the current pullback is a good thing as it would help the market to consolidate and build a strong base for the next leg of upmove. Infact, they advise buying on these dips because fundamentals of the economy started improving.
In the fixed income space, all the funds in debt categories advance with no declineas the government bonds gained on Thursday, snapping two days of losses after Brent crude fell to a two-year low, easing inflation fears a day before the release of data on consumer prices. Dhawal Dalal of DSP BlackRock Investment said, "Government bond prices are likely to remain rangebound in the near term in the absence of any triggers. Market participants are likely to pay attention to Aug CPI and July IIP for further cues." We expect global events to have more bearing on sentiment. New 10-year yield is likely to trade in 8.50-8.60 percent range in the near term.
Here is the day’s performance and the gainers and losers across categories.
Equity diversified: Top gainers
*  Sahara R.E.A.L. Fund (G) up 2.07%
*  HSBC Progressive Themes Fund (G) up 1.88%
*  Reliance Long Term Equity Fund (G) up 1.86%
Equity diversified: Top losers
*  Mirae Asset Global Commodity Stock Fund - Regular Plan (G) down 1.02%
*  Franklin Asian Equity Fund (G) down 0.54%
*  IDFC Imperial Equity Fund - Regular Plan (G) down 0.39%
Tax saving funds: Top gainers
*  ICICI Prudential R.I.G.H.T. Fund (G) up 1.61%
*  JM Tax Gain Fund (G) up 1.45%
*  HDFC Tax Saver (G) up 1.12%
Tax saving funds: Top losers
*  Escorts Tax Plan (G) down 0.51%
*  Birla Sun Life Focused Equity Fund - Series 2-Regular Plan (G) down 0.15%
*  Birla Sun Life Focused Equity Fund - Series 1-Regular Plan (G) down 0.15%
Sector funds: Top gainers
*  Reliance Pharma Fund (G) up 1.67%
*  UTI Transportation and Logistics Fund (G) up 1.44%
*  Reliance Diversified Power Sector Fund - Retail Plan (G) up 1.07%
Sector funds: Top losers
*  UTI Pharma & Healthcare Fund (G) down 1.62%
Balanced funds: Top gainers
*  HDFC Balanced Fund (G) up 1.05%
*  Tata Balanced Fund (G) up 0.77%
*  HDFC Prudence Fund (G) up 0.73%
Balanced funds: Top losers
*  Escorts Opportunities Fund (G) down 0.07%
*  ING Balanced Portfolio (G) down 0.03%
Debt funds: Top gainers
*  Birla Sun Life Gilt Plus (PF Plan) (G) up 0.31%
*  ICICI Prudential Long Term Gilt Fund (G) up 0.29%
*  Franklin India Govt. Sec. - Long Term Plan (G) up 0.28%
Debt funds: Top losers

Secular triggers may take Nifty to 8300 levels: InvestWorks08:00 am
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar, Gopi Suvanam of InvestWorks says that the upside is broadly over for Bank Nifty at the moment, especially for private sector banks.
However, secular triggers may move Bank Nifty up at least 3-4 percent from current levels and thereby push Nifty to 8300 levels, says Suvanam.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: How would you approach the banking stocks and any trade that you would recommend?
A: I feel Nifty will be broadly determined by what happens in Bank Nifty and there are broadly two areas, asset quality and inflation. We will not get any clarity on asset quality for at least a month, may be we will start getting some information next month but inflation is something that we should keenly keep an eye on and bond yields. I believe that the upside is broadly over for Bank Nifty at the moment especially for private sector banks. So I am not really bullish on Nifty at the moment because of that reason but if there is any secular kind of trigger that could make Bank Nifty move up at least 3-4 percent from here then that could take Nifty to 8300 levels.
For full interview, watch the video
RELATED NEWS

On duty police constables banned from using mobile phones: Goa IGP#goa #mobile #goa police #mobile phones
Panaji: Goa's police constabulary has been banned from constantly using mobile phones while on traffic and picketing duty according to newly-appointed Inspector General of Police (IGP) Sunil Garg.
Garg, who was on a visit to the Panaji police station on Thursday where he interacted with civilians, said the ban was a result of complaints from people across sections, that police personnel often posted on public roads were found whiling away their time speaking, messaging or browsing on their mobile phones.
"They will serve the public better (without mobile phones)," Garg said, clarifying that mobile phones could be carried on their person, only to be used in case of emergencies.
"They will serve the public better (without mobile phones)," Garg said. ( Man using a smartphone , via Shutterstock)
The issue of police personnel and their obsession of tinkering with their mobile phones was even raised in the state legislative assembly by several lawmakers across political lines.

UPA appointed independent directors at PSUs forced to quitHi Guest
UPA appointed independent directors at PSUs forced to quit
The National Democratic Alliance government is weeding out independent directors on the boards of public-sector undertakings (PSUs). At least nine independent directors of PSUs, including Indian Oil Corporation, the country's largest company by revenue; and Coal India Ltd, the world's largest coal miner, have been booted out so far.  Another eight directors of Oil and Natural Gas Corporation and its subsidiary Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals could be axed soon. Independent directors ...

Snowman Logistics lists at 68% premium to is...You are here: Home > Collections
Snowman Logistics lists at 68% premium to issue price
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 02.37PM IST
Tags:
Ferroro Rocher
(At 10:03 a.m.; the stock…)
MUMBAI: Snowman Logistics has listed at Rs 78.75, up Rs 31.75 or 67.55 per cent premium to issue price of Rs 47 per share.
The stock was at day's high at Rs 79.80, up 69.79 per cent, on the NSE . Over 74 lakh shares were traded in the counter in early trade.
The management in an interview to ET Now, said the growth drivers for the company will be storage facilities for high end food products. It sees the margins, "which have been growing gradually", to improve as capacity utilisation goes up.
It expects the IPO proceeds will help ease pressure on EBITDA.
The IPO had seen a great demand from investors as the issue received bids for 195 crore shares against 3.25 crore shares on offer.
The retail portion was subscribed 41 times, the HNI and qualified institutional buyers segments were subscribed by 222 and 17 times, respectively.
Bangalore-based Snowman Logistics operates temperature-controlled logistics service. It has 23 temperature-controlled warehouses across 14 locations in India. The company's client base includes HUL, Baskin Robins, Ferroro Rocher and McCain .
Its promoter Gateway Distriparks holds 40.4 per cent equity post issue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indices all-time highs can t be linked to valuations: BainLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indices all-time highs can't be linked to valuations: Bain
Amit Chandra of Bain Capital says despite the indices hitting new all-time highs every other day, retail participation in the market has been low.
Post your opinion here
The Appointment
After five awful years, things are finally looking better for the private equity industry in India. But Amit Chandra of Bain Capital says the PE investment cycle will take atleast another year to kickstart in full earnest. It will ofcourse depend on economic turnaround and whether the buoyancy in the Indian equity markets can continue.
He believes despite the indices hitting new all-time highs every other day, retail participation in the market has been low. However, he adds that these all-time highs cannot be linked to valuations.
Chandra says the Indian corporate sector is coming out of the sluggish earnings cycle that it has been plagued with for some time now. He is a big fan of investing in mutual funds.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Amit Chandra's interview with CNBC-TV18's Menaka Doshi.
Q: I want your view on the stock markets not only because you were a keen follower of the stock markets till about 7-8 years ago but also because the buoyancy in the stock market is essential to any kind of private equity exit and therefore reinvesting of funds. Where do you think we are in the Indian equity markets at this time, overvalued, undervalued or at good value?
A: It is fascinating because the extent of fundamental based knowledge even among relatively educated people about how stock markets work is shocking at times.
Q: Shockingly low?
A: People carry biases which are just extraordinary. You just got to ask 10 people you know about how their financial asset portfolio is comprised to get really a sense of how people work. It amazes me because you go back and you look at India over the last 25 years and you look at any five year rolling cycle, the best thing you could do in an economy with all the volatility that India has had is put your money into safe instruments in the stock market. By safe instruments I mean I am a big fan of mutual funds, and that is how I invest as well. However, that has outperformed everything else and yet people like to invest in gold and they like to buy real estate. This is important because participation in the stock market by Indians is running at historic lows.
When I came back to this country in the early 1990s, at that point of time people used to talk about how equity participation as an asset class by Indians in Indian companies was low, but actually could double or triple, that number has actually gone exactly the other way round. It is less than a third of what it used to be in the 90s.
So, while this great India growth story is panning itself out, we as Indians directly or indirectly via insurance, pension funds etc have actually not participated in this growth. So, all the value creation and data if you look at on any rolling cycle is between 14 and 20 percent rolling returns over any five year period. Tax free – what else has given you those kind of returns with reasonable liquidity. So, I am a big believer in the stock market but in a sensible, organised way.
Q: Are we overvalued, undervalued? Have we moved up too fast?
A: Every headline is screaming that we are at all time highs. Should all time highs be linked to a particular index number or on a valuation number. Logically, when you step back it has got to be valuation. This is a market where historically you have seen when it gets overheated trades at 24-25, but the 10-15 year average for India forward earnings generally is about 15-16.
Q: I am going to draw a conclusion from both your comments, a) we are under invested as Indians and b) we haven’t reached peak valuations. So, you expect that there is much more to go when it comes to equity values.
A: Third point as well, which is India is probably close to its long term trading average on multiple and that should in normal circumstances address the issue whether the markets are overheated or not. However, I think there is another broader point which is where are we on the cycle? W are coming off a 3-4 year terrible period for corporate India. The earnings cycle has been badly decimated. Companies have had what you call profitless growth by and large because inflation was high, there was margin pressure. So, growth was anemic, inflation was high, margin pressure was high, therefore RoEs got into trouble with balance sheets getting more heavy.
So, if you step back and think about if you believe we are going to have a good cycle then logically what should happen is you should have better topline growth, you should see margin recovery, you should see as the unclogging of corporate India happens on various projects you should see better balance sheet utilisation and all of that to me means better earrings growth than what you have had in the past and better RoE. Therefore that is very typical of a cyclical recovery.
Therefore, if we were sitting on the peak of a macro economic cycle and you would have told me that markets are trading at long terms averages, I would have said we got to be careful. However, we are sitting at the cusp of an economic recovery and markets are trading at long-term averages, that to me is the data that should drive the discussion on is India hitting all time highs or not.
Q: I want to now talk about Bain. If you think that the recovery or the signs of the cycle picking up are going to manifest itself in the private equity industry in terms of investments in 2016-2017, are we going to see the pace of investments at Bain pick up because in the last seven years, you have done only five investments and that by all measures is a very slow pace.
A: Yes, I agree with you.
Q: Why is that? Are you overcautious?
A: Maybe we are overcautious. But the macroeconomic environment worried us. I think that is another issue that impacts us and probably impacts a couple of our peers as well particularly the large investors which is we focus on a segment of the market where we are looking at large deals and if you go back and look at it, there haven't been many large deals. For us, it has been particularly severe because we do not invest in real estate or infrastructure. Some of the larger opportunities were in real estate and infrastructure in the last three-four years.
Q: Though in hindsight now you should probably be grateful that globally Bain does not invested in these sectors?
A: That helped us enormously.
Q: But the only reason you don't invest is because globally Bain does not and there is no other reasons specific to India?
A: We do not understand regulated industries and how to factor in that and also there is another point which is a lot of these investments essentially target a return profile which is very different from what the charter of Bain's funds are and so Bain doesn't basically do that but that has in restrospect helped Bain enormously. But I would say, would we be more bullish on India at this point of time, do I feel more confident that we will make more investments here, I think so.
Q: I want to go through some of your investments not to get you specific comments on those investments but just to talk about how difficult it has been. So you invested in Himadri at that time in the market capitalisation was about USD 350 million, currently it is around USD 130- million, so it was half, Hero has done well for you, you have done a partial exit, that stock has done well but that stock is a stock that is in the top five list of every mutual fund, portfolio investor in this country, so you don't get too many brownie points for doing well with Hero, Genpact you bought at about USD 15 per share, the price has moved up to roughly USD 17-18 per share, so you are making a bit of a profit there. Emcure is unlisted, so I don't know what is going on with the valuations and the fifth investment that you did; Lilliput has gone sour for you for entirely different reasons. You have been very slow and yet, you might have avoided some spaces but this is not necessarily the best private equity portfolio you could have built?
A: No, it is not. We would have loved to make more investments, in retrospect we are glad we did not. We were sceptical about both the macro environment and also the quality of deals that were coming through because India did go through a spot where quality of deals began to suffer and lots of private equity players have burnt their hands with more companies than they should have. All of this obviously has coloured our thinking. I don’t think it has permanently damaged our thinking but I do think for us to be more prolific we do need to see more macro stability which is coming back but we look at the portfolio and the portfolio has done good, not great.
Q: Good, mostly because of Hero?
A: Hero and Genpact have both done well.
Q: Three out of five investments are in listed companies. One of them is the most evident investments that any investor in this country can make in the country’s top two wheeler manufacturer. I am just curious, what sets apart private equity from any other portfolio investor or a mutual fund if at the end of the day you are also going to invest in amongst the top 100 or 500 listed companies?
A: The problem really is that there is a structural issue in India which forces private equity to look more aggressively at listed companies than it does in other markets. The barriers to listing in other markets, China is a great example, is pretty high. As a consequence of which there is a much larger pool of unlisted investments available for people to go out and make investments; point number one. If you look at developed markets the thesis there is to actually do the reverse which is take a company private and then work with to improve its performance and potential and then come back and relist it.
Q: I am not even talking about buyouts because they don’t exist in India.
A: Well, you have started seeing a trend of more buyouts but it is still nascent. But in India both those opportunities unfortunately don’t exist. Our regulations in fact, in my view, unnecessarily so, push companies to go down the listing route very early on. Often these companies are not at all ready to perform as listed companies.
Q: So that reduces the pool of unlisted companies?
A: That reduces the pool for unlisted companies that private equity can invest in but the next thing that it lands up causing is, the market i.e. listed market and a great example was the point we were talking about on IPOs. It opens and closes for sometimes long periods of time and what private equity can do as it did if you go back and look at what happened in the last five years is be around as a stable source of capital when the capital market is not willing to do deals. Also do deals which the capital market cannot do at points of time. So for example it would have been very difficult for the stock market to partner with the Munjal family to go and buyout Honda. It would have been very difficult for General Atlantic and Oak Hill and bunch of other investors to sell large position they had in Genpact into the stock market and if those options existed obviously people would choose to go one way.
Q: What do you make of Flipkart’s USD 1 billion valuation? Have they over capitalised themselves?
A: You will get a better answer from someone who has hair than someone who doesn’t have hair, I meant it.
Q: Looking at it from a conventional private equity ways, have they over capitalised themselves?
A: This is why lots of the conventional P/E guys have not necessarily focused on these spaces and it has really been some of the newer funds or some of the e-commerce specific funds, some of the hedge funds who have actually gone into this space the traditional metrics that you use to value your company unfortunately don’t work.
Q: But we have been there before. You have been there in the capital market cycle in 1999 in India.
A: Absolutely right and I could not understand it.
Q: But you sold many of those companies to investors.
A: Well, we sold one; not the best one to sell but. So my view is that I have no doubt that e-commerce is going to be transformational in India. In fact the case for e-commerce in India is even stronger than the case for e-commerce in the west, the reason being that we are a developing economy with real estate costs of a developed economy because of terrible regulations in real estate. Real estate is a big part of retail and completely distorts therefore the whole return profile for retail. Therefore I feel there is a strong case specially as everyone is getting a cell phone and is beginning to get more and more comfortable with it. My view is that that theme will really play out.
Q: At USD 1 billion would you have invested?
A: I would not have.
Q: Now if I told you there were shares of Flipkart available would you invest.
A: I would not, I would also not have invested in Infosys at the peak. My point is that we saw this, Infosys is a great company which paid out awesomely but it took a long time for the shares to get back to a level that they had got to when things were really crazy and my point is that it does seem like there is a little bit of a rising tide in that space at this point of time and valuation seem to be getting heady and in some cases you can’t understand those valuations based on any financial metric. So, we and me personally struggled with that enormously.
Q: So are you going to be an e-commerce investor in India?
A: We are looking at e-commerce opportunities. Again for us unfortunately because we invest at a particular scale those tend to be larger plays and so there are fewer opportunities available but we are trying to get educated. I have no degree of conviction in telling you that we would have invested in day one.
Q: But you are looking at the space with interest?
A: Yes, the space is very interesting.
RELATED NEWS

Obama authorized to strike IS: White HouseObama authorized to strike IS: White House
Reducing govt equity will help to recapitalise PSU banks: FMReducing govt equity will help to recapitalise PSU banks: FM
Sun Pharma Ranbaxy Laboratories extend Thursday s slideSun Pharma Ranbaxy Laboratories extend Thursday s slide
Hong Kong shares fall on US interest rate worry  China mixed on credit dataHong Kong shares fall on US interest rate worry  China mixed on credit data
Indian rupee edges higher  tracking weak Asian units; shares eyedIndian rupee edges higher  tracking weak Asian units; shares eyed
iPhone 6  Apple Watch versus the competitioniPhone 6  Apple Watch versus the competition
Sensex trades flat; oil and gas stocks gainSensex trades flat; oil and gas stocks gain
Sensex hovers around 27 000; Sun Pharma  Hindalco top losersSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 10:30 AM IST
Sensex hovers around 27,000; metal, pharma shares drag
Gains in FMCG majors helped offset losses in Sun Pharma and shares of private banks
Markets continued to trade flat after the first hour of trade as gains in FMCG majors helped offset losses in Sun Pharma and shares of private banks.
At 10:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 22 points at 27,022 and the 50-share Nifty was up 4 points at 8,090.
ITC edged higher and was up 1% after the recent correction while Hindustan Unilever was up 0.7%.
Other Sensex gainers include, TCS, HDFC and ONGC among others.
Shares of private banks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank were down 0.2-0.4% each.
Sun Pharma was down 2.6% after the USFDA conducted a surprise inspection at its Halol unit in Gujarat.
Among other shares, Atul Auto was trading higher by 3% at Rs 413 after the stock was quoted ex-stock split from today.
Shares of Snowman Logistics have listed at Rs 76, a huge 62% premium against its issue price of Rs 47 per share, on National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock is currently trading at Rs 78.
Market breadth was strong with 1,443 gainers and 952 losers on the BSE.
______________________________
(Updated at 9:40AM)
Markets remained range bound in early trades as investors adopted cautious stance ahead of August CPI and July industrial production data to be released later today.
At 9:40AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 52 points at 27,048 and the 50-share Nifty was up 11 points at 8,097.
The Indian rupee was trading marginally lower at Rs 60.97 against the US dollar compared to the previous close of Rs 60.92.
Further, foreign funds were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 433.55 crore on Thursday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
Meanwhile, India recorded its heaviest spell of monsoon rains in 2014 in the past week, logging in surplus for the second straight week, raising hopes of a delayed retreat of the four-month season.
Asian markets are trading mixed on the final trading day of the week, following an uninspiring US lead. The Nikkei extended gains and was up 0.4% while Straits Times and Shanghai Composite were up 0.1% each. However, shares in Hong Kong witnessed profit taking after sharp gains recently. The benchmark Hang Seng was down 0.4%.
ITC which had corrected after media reports that the government might announce stringent measures on cigarettes was up nearly 1%.
IT majors Infosys and TCS were also among the Sensex gainers up 0.6% each.
ONGC which had corrected yesterday on government's plan to divest partial stake in the company was up nearly 1%.
In the capital goods segment L&T and BHEL were marginally up ahead of July IIP data.
Sun Pharma extended losses and was the top Sensex loser after the USFDA conducted a surprise inspection at its Halol unit in Gujarat. Further, is the company is looking to get shareholders' approval to raise qualified institutional placement (QIP) worth Rs 12,000 crore at its 27th annual general meeting to be held by the end of September.
Other Sensex losers include, Reliance Ind and private banks such as Axis Bank, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up 0.4-0.6% each.
Market breadth was strong with 1,400 gainers and 488 losers on the BSE.
 Advertisements

Novartis drags DRL to US court for patent violationNovartis has sued Dr Reddy’s Laboratories in a the United States' District Court for a patent infringement action on the drug Gleevec.
Posted: September 9, 2014 5:09 am | Updated: September 9, 2014 5:39 am
Switzerland-based Novartis AG and Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation (NPC) have sued Dr Reddy’s Laboratories in a the United States’ District Court for the District of Delaware for a patent infringement action on the drug Gleevec.
The action relates to an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) filed by DRL with the United States Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) for approval to market generic versions of Novartis’ Gleevec, which is used as a targeted therapy for treating certain types of leukaemia. Gleevec is one of the best selling drugs of Novartis clocking sales revenues worth over $4 billion.
“Upon information and belief, this court also has personal jurisdiction over DRL Inc and DRL Ltd because they have been sued previously in this district, did not challenge this Court’s assertion of personal jurisdiction over them, and availed themselves of this forum by seeking affirmative relief in this jurisdiction by answering complaints and asserting counterclaims for the purpose of litigating a patent infringement dispute in at least fifteen cases since 2004,’’ the court said. This includes cases against Teijin Ltd, Genzyme Corporation, Pfizer Inc, Fresenius Kabi USA LLC, among others.
NPC holds an approved New Drug Application (NDA) for Gleevec tablets for 100 mg and 400 mg Imatinib mesylate, which was approved by the FDA on April 18, 2003. Novartis AG has two patents 051 and RE932 and NPC is an exclusive licensee to this drug.
In its letter dated July 16, DRL notified Novartis that it had submitted ANDA to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act seeking approval to engage in the commercial manufacture, use, offer to sell or sale of tablets containing 100 mg and 400 mg of Imatinib mesylate. DRL stated that its drug are bioequivalent to Novartis’ 100 mg and 400 mg Imatinib mesylate Gleevec tablets. As said in the notice, DRL’s ANDA was submitted to obtain FDA approval to engage in the commercial manufacture, use and sale prior to the expiration of the 051 patent and the RE932 patents. DRL notified Novartis that its ANDA contained a “paragraph IV certification” and termed the 051 and RE932 patents are invalid, unenforceable or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use or sale.
“DRL had notice of the 051 patent and the RE932 patent at the time of its infringement. Novartis will be substantially and irreparably damaged and harmed if DRL’s infringement is not enjoined. Novartis does not have an adequate remedy at law,’’ the order said.

Drop in crude prices  fund inflows push markets to new highsPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:41 am
Domestic markets on Monday surged over 1 per cent amid heavy capital inflows, expectations of further improvement in key economic indicators and a sharp decline in global crude oil prices. The 30-share BSE Sensex jumped 293 points to end at 27,319.85 and the NSE Nifty gained 87.05 points to close at 8,173.90.
While foreign institutional investors pumped in a net of Rs 1,162 crore into Indian equities on Monday, crude prices softened further with Brent Crude dipping below the $100-per-barrel-mark for the first time in 14 months on Monday. This is expected to help the Central government and the Reserve Bank of India to rein in fiscal deficit and inflation.
Dipen Shah, Head – Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities, said, “Optimism on growth continued to push up markets. The sentiment remained positive despite the fact that European markets opened in the red during the day. Several mid-caps found buyers and outperformed the broader indices. Easing of geo-political tensions in Russia and Ukraine led to Brent crude price going below the $100 mark and that also helped sentiments.”
The mid-cap and small-cap indices closed with a gain of 1.29 per cent and 2.11 per cent, respectively. Barring consumer durables, which closed down around 0.22 per cent, all other sectors ended in the green.
Re hits one-month high on market rally
MUMBAI: The rupee on Monday closed at over one-month high of 60.29 per dollar, its highest level since July 30. The stock market rally and the fall in oil prices boosted the currency. The rupee is expected to trade in the 58-62 range supported by softening of global oil prices and curbs on gold imports, a Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in a note. ENS

US wealth gap unsustainable: Harvard studyPrint
Reuters | Boston | Posted: September 9, 2014 1:45 am
The widening gap between America’s wealthiest and its middle and lower classes is “unsustainable”, but is unlikely to improve any time soon, according to a Harvard Business School (HBS) study.
The study, titled ‘An Economy Doing Half its Job’, said American companies — particularly big ones — were showing some signs of recovering their competitive edge on the world stage since the financial crisis, but that workers would likely keep struggling to demand better pay and benefits.
“We argue that such a divergence is unsustainable,” according to the report, which was based on a survey of 1,947 of Harvard Business School alumni around the globe, and which highlighted problems with the US education system, transport infrastructure, and the effectiveness of the political system.
Some 47 per cent of respondents in the survey said that over the next three years they expected US companies to be both less competitive internationally and less able to pay higher wages and benefits, versus 33 per cent who thought the opposite.
The results marked an improvement from a 2012 Harvard Business School survey of its alumni showing 58 per cent of respondents expecting a decline in US competitiveness, according to the survey.
But Harvard wrote, respondents of the 2014 survey “were much more hopeful about the future competitive success of America’s firms than they were about the future pay of America’s workers.”
Harvard called on corporate leaders to help solve America’s wealth gap by working to buttress the kindergarten-to-12th-grade education system, skills-training programs, and transportation infrastructure, among other things.
“Shortsighted executives may be satisfied with an American economy whose firms win in global markets without lifting US living standards. But any leader with a long view understands that business has a profound stake in the prosperity of the average American,” according to the report.

BSE Sensex retreats from record high  NSE Nifty also slipsPrint
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 9, 2014 10:46 am
Retreating from record highs, the benchmark BSE Sensex fell over 45 points in early trade today with metal, consumer durables, banking and realty sector stocks leading the decline as participants locked in gains at current levels.
The 30-share barometer fell by 45.92, or 0.17 per cent, to 27,273.93.
Yesterday, the gauge closed at a fresh life-time peak of 27,319.85 after climbing to a new intra-day record of 27,354.99.
The National Stock Exchange index Nifty also slipped from record highs and shed 15.10 points, or 0.18 per cent, to 8,158.80. It closed at an all-time high of 8,173.90 after recording a new intra-day peak of 8,180.20 in yesterday’s trade.
Brokers said sentiments turned weak on profit-booking by cautious investors ahead of the hearing of coal blocks allocation case in the Supreme Court today.
In the metal segment, shares of Sesa Sterlite were trading 0.69 per cent down at Rs 281.85, while Tata Steel shed 0.58 per cent, to Rs 514. Jindal Steel and Power fell 1.93 per cent to Rs 233.45.
Hindalco Industries too faced some pressure and fell by 0.92 per cent to Rs 172.
Among other Asian markets, Japan’s Nikkei moved up 0.58 per cent in early trade, while Hong Kong market is closed today.
The US Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 0.15 per cent lower in yesterday’s trade.
 

RBI sets upper age for pvt bank bossesSave this video
Copy URL
The Reserve Bank of India decided to fix the maximum age for Managing Directors and Chief Executive Officers in private sector banks at 70.
64

KTM RC 390 and RC 200 launchedSave this video
Copy URL
Bajaj unleashes the KTM RC 390 and RC 200 priced at Rs 2.05 lakh and Rs 1.60 lakh respectively.
52

Govt likely to cancel special economic zones of nine firmsThe development commissioners (DCs) have asked the Board of Approval (BoA), which had vetted these projects, to cancel them. Reuters
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 10, 2014 4:36 am | Updated: September 10, 2014 10:57 am
The government may cancel the approvals granted to nine companies including Hindalco Industries, Essar and Adani for setting up special economic zones (SEZs) as no work has been done by the developing companies to execute the projects.
The development commissioners (DCs) have asked the Board of Approval (BoA), which had vetted these projects, to cancel them. According to an agenda note prepared for the BoA’s September 18 meeting, Aditya Birla group company Hindalco Industries had proposed to set up an aluminium product SEZ in Orissa and had secured BoA’s approval on July 30, 2007. After being granted extension from time to time, the company’s extention finally expired on December 31, 2013. “The developer did not make any request for extension. …..Since no communication has been received, DC has recommended for cancellation of formal approval of 115 hectare and in-principle approval for 740 hectare,” the agenda note said.
As per the SEZ Rules, formal approval is valid for a period of three years by which time at least one unit has to commence production and the zone becomes operational from the date of commencement of such production. Provision to this rule provides for extension of this formal approval by BoA, for which the developer will submit his application to the concerned DC, who shall, within 15 days forward it to the Board with his recommendations.
Essar’s Jamnagar SEZ  had proposed to set up a multi-product zone in Gujarat. The formal approval expired in August 2009. The developer did not make any request for extension and the DC received no communication from the firm. Similarly, Adani Townships & Real Estate Company had proposed an IT/ITeS zone in Gujarat. “The formal approval expired on 11.06.2010. The developer …has reported that they could not proceed with the SEZ project due to adverse demand scenario from IT sector. “Accordingly they are not interested in perusing the project. DC has recommended that the formal approval may be withdrawn,” it added. The other developers whose SEZs may be cancelled include Chennai Business Park, Integrated Warehousing Kandla Project Development and Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation, Asia Paicific Coporation, Gaurinandan Property Holders and Viraj Profiles.
No work done to execute projects
* As per the SEZ Rules, formal approval is valid for a period of three years by which time at least one unit has to commence production
* Developers whose SEZs may be cancelled include Chennai Business Park and Integrated Warehousing Kandla Project Development, among others

New Foreign Trade Policy will be  different : Nirmala SitharamanPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 10, 2014 2:35 pm
The new Foreign Trade Policy (FTP) to be announced by the government soon would be “different” from the earlier policies, Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said today
“Very soon the FTP will be unveiled. I can give you a broad idea, but not an intrinsic details. Whatever was the structure of earlier FTPs, it would be different from that,” she said while addressing a press conference on completion of the 100 days of the NDA government.
The Commerce Ministry is scheduled to announce the new five-year Foreign Trade Policy (2014-19) as it seeks to boost manufacturing and exports, among other things.
The new policy would focus on a wide range of issues, including services exports, standards and branding of products.
India’s exports in the last three years have been hovering around USD 300 billion, and steps are on to boost it further and enhance its contribution in the world trade.
All exports and import-related activities are governed by the FTP, mainly aimed at enhancing the country’s exports and use trade expansion as an effective instrument of economic growth and employment generation.
Services sector contributes about 55 per cent to the country’s gross domestic product. During May, services exports were about USD 14 billion.
During April-June period of the current fiscal, exports grew 9.31 per cent to USD 80.11 billion.
India’s exports in 2013-14 were worth USD 312.35 billion, lower than the targeted USD 325 billion.
The country’s exports stood at USD 300.4 billion in 2012-13 and USD 307 billion in 2011-12.
No immediate plan to cut gold import duty: Nirmala Sitharaman
The government today said it was not considering any immediate cut in gold import duty, which was hiked to 10 per cent last year to check widening Current Account Deficit (CAD).
“I cannot say that gold smuggling has increased because of hike in import duty. CAD has come down, but there is no thought to lower the import duty immediately,” Commerce Minister Nirmala Sitharaman told reporters here.
There have been demands for reduction in the levy on the precious metal as imports declined to 638 tonnes in 2013-14 from 845 tonnes in the previous fiscal.
Following a sudden spurt in gold import in the beginning of 2013, the government had hiked import duty on the precious metal to 10 per cent in phases.
The government and the Reserve Bank had also imposed certain other restrictions on its shipments, including linking of imports to exports to prevent outgo of the foreign exchange.
The restrictions are perceived to have increase instances of smuggling.
The cases of gold smuggling had gone up in 2013-14 to 2,441. In 2012-13 and 2011-12 the number of such cases stood at 869 and 500 respectively.
High gold imports also pushed up the current account deficit as it rose to USD 88.2 billion or 4.7 per cent of GDP in 2012-13. Through continued…

Disinvestment: Govt clears 10% stake sale in Coal India  may get Rs 23 000 crA planned stake sale in CIL in 2013-14 had to be deferred after stiff opposition from the trade unions. (AFP)
PTI | Posted: September 10, 2014 9:35 pm
The government today gave a go- ahead to the much-awaited 10 per cent stake sale in Coal India Ltd, which could fetch over Rs 23,000 crore to the exchequer.
Sources said the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) has approved the disinvestment department’s proposal to offload 10 per cent stake through Offer For Sale (OFS) route.
At today’s closing share price of Rs 373.85, a sale of 10 per cent stake or 63.16 crore shares in Coal India would fetch the government more than Rs 23,000 crore.
This will make up for more than half of the total disinvestment target for the current fiscal, 2014-15, during which the government plans to mop up Rs 43,425 crore from selling stake in PSUs.
A planned stake sale in CIL in 2013-14 had to be deferred after stiff opposition from the trade unions. The coal major had to make up for that by paying about Rs 19,000 crore as dividend to the exchequer.
The government, which holds a 89.65 per cent stake in CIL, initially sought to divest a 10 per cent stake but lowered it to 5 per cent on account of opposition from the unions.

Disinvestment: Govt clears 11.36% stake sale in NHPC  may get Rs 2 800 crGovernment holds 85.96 per cent stake in NHPC.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 10, 2014 9:41 pm
Government today cleared 11.36 per cent stake sale in NHPC, that could fetch over Rs 2,800 crore to the exchequer.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) has cleared sale of government’s 11.36 per cent in NHPC through an Offer For Sale (OFS), sources said.
At the current market price of Rs 22.40 a piece, sale of 11.36 per cent or 125.76 crore shares would fetch over Rs 2,800 crore to the exchequer.
Government holds 85.96 per cent stake in NHPC. The stake sale would help the company comply with the minimum 25 per cent public shareholding norm of market regulator Sebi.
The disinvestment department has already selected three merchant bankers — Edelweiss Financial, IDFC Capital and HSBC Securities– for managing the NHPC stake sale.
In the current fiscal, the government plans to mop up Rs 43,425 crore from selling its stakes in PSUs.

Online vs physical: feud intensifies as vendors see red over steep discountsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

No shake-up of Indian market as iPhone 6 price too high  say analystsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

With money cheap  HNIs rush to strike gold in IPOsYou are here: Home > Collections > Asba
IPO funding at record low rates of 7 per cent; but stocks must list at over 50 per cent for decent returns
Rajesh Mascarenhas, ET Bureau Sep 11, 2014, 09.01AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(Rates have been coming down…)
MUMBAI: High net-worth individuals (HNIs) binged on record low rates of finance to bid aggressively in two just-concluded IPOs but the shares will have to list at premiums of over 50 per cent each for the investors to make reasonable returns.
Snowman Logistics and Sharda Cropchem closed within weeks of each other and were major success in terms of oversubscription from retail and HNIs. The HNIs' portion in the case of Snowman was oversubscribed 222 times while it was 251 times in the case of Sharda Cropchem. Cheap IPO funding at never-before-seen rates of 7 per cent was largely responsible for the massive demand as brokerages continued with their practice of using Sebi's new norms to cut down on rates.
Domestic brokerages provided loans at 7 per cent compared with 12-14 per cent two years ago. Rates have been coming down since 2011 when market regulator Sebi introduced a facility called Asba which allowed HNIs and institutional investors to bid for as many shares as possible while the payment would happen only for those shares that are allotted. It enables an HNI to buy stocks even if he cannot put up the entire money.
All big brokerage houses use this tool to fund their clients. Brokers have responded by cutting interest rates as much of the money remains with them till allotment. "The strong revival in market sentiment has prompted brokerages to aggressively finance IPOs a process by which they finance HNIs to subscribe to new issues," said Vikas Khemani, CEO, Edelweiss Securities. But the success of the HNI strategy depends upon the premium on the day of listing. Brokers say the premium has to be over 50 per cent for both issues for investors to make reasonable returns.
For instance, at 8 per cent interest rate, the allotment cost of one share in Sharda Cropchem would be Rs 77.23. HNIs would only make money if the issue lists above Rs.233.23. At 7.5 per cent, the cost per share make profit only if the issues gets listed above Rs 228.41. While the price band of scrip was between Rs 145 and Rs 156, the grey market premium is about Rs 70-75 giving investors some hope.
"Both HNIs and NBFCs involved in the IPO funding are aware of the grey market premium and number of times issue would be subscribed. Accordingly they calculate the cost of the application and net gain on listing," said Sandeep Nayak, CEO, Centrum Broking.
"The lower interest rate of 7-8 per cent annually is excluding the interest what they are getting from the money blocked in the Asba account," he added. There is also another problem. Snowman Logistics' issue size is about Rs 200 crore so its single-day gains are capped at 5 per cent due to circuit filters introduced by Sebi. The stock will belong in the tradeto-trade segment for ten days and trades can only happen with delivery.
Speculative trades are not allowed, hampering enthusiasm for the stock among some set of investors.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will go where water takes me: Shah on aspiring to be PMAmit Shah
(Amit Shah spoke on a range…)
Amit Shah laughs off the suggestion that the Modi wave is petering out. "Bypoll se na hi sarkar decide hoti hai na girti hai," he says, even as he hurls the gauntlet at the Nitish-Lalu combine: "If they're so confident of winning Bihar, why don't they call for elections?"
In a free-wheeling, 90-minute chat with ET, BJP chief Amit Shah, arguably the second-most powerful man in the party after Prime Minister Narendra Modi, spoke on a range of issues — from the recent controversy surrounding Rajnath Singh and communal tensions in UP to the government's achievements and his party's prospects in the upcoming state elections. Excerpts:
What are your top short-term and long-term priorities?
In the short term, my priorities are to put together a new team and to ensure the BJP does well in the upcoming assembly elections. I think the good work done by the government has generated immense goodwill and we need to encash it. In the long-term, as I said at our national executive meet, we need to become a bridge between the government and the people. We need to advertise the programmes and initiatives of the government and convey public mood to the government. There are eight states in which the BJP does not have a strong presence and we need to strengthen our organisation there. We also need to conduct training programmes for all the new recruits.
What are your expectations from the upcoming assembly elections in Maharashtra, Jharkhand and Haryana? Many would say anything short of sweeping victories would look like a defeat.
The BJP has not been in power in these states. In Jharkhand, we have in a way been in power, but that was a fragmented mandate. We have never come to power in Jharkhand with an emphatic mandate. We have not been in power for 15 years in Maharashtra and neither do we have a government in Haryana. Even then, I believe, having completed my tours in these three states, I can say emphatically that the BJP will win with a definitive mandate in these three states.
Will you announce CM candidates for the states or will PM Modi be your face?
In all three states we have decided not to announce CM candidates. We have not decided and closer to elections, looking at the situation on the ground, we will decide for these states. It is not necessary that we announce CM candidates in all three states.
Congress has been accused of not projecting regional leaders because they want to project the Gandhis. Don't you think BJP can be accused of the same thing?
Such an allegation can't stick because there is team work here. Rajnath Singh, Nitin Gadkari have both been presidents. I am the president now. Shivraj Singh Chauhan is in the parliamentary board now. Unlike the Congress we don't keep changing our CMs. Our CMs that do good work are supported by the party and the party continues with it. We help strengthen them. So this would be a baseless allegation. Modiji was the CM for four terms - no one disturbed him - so have Shivraj Singh Chauhan and Raman Singh. Even those who lost, like Vasundhara Raje Scindia, we have projected and are strengthening. That's how you create leaders. Those who are in the process of becoming leaders, the party is supporting and encouraging.
What will be the BJP's calling card in the upcoming assembly elections? Going by the latest set of bypolls, would it be a fair interpretation that the Modi wave has petered out a bit?
Look, first people used to think that there is no Modi wave. But the results proved that the Modi wave was fierce. Now people are saying the Modi wave has petered out a bit. There is a section that speculates about this. When the results for these assembly polls come, then people will get to know how we have swept these states because of the good work of the government.
Could the BJP have done something different in the recent bypolls where it did not do as well as expected?
There are two things. In a bypoll, the public doesn't vote for change. Bypoll se na hi sarkar decide hoti hai na girti hai (governments don't get formed or fall as a result of bypolls). Bypolls represent the politics of that assembly constituency. But when general elections happen, then who will form the government, who will be the CM, which party will be in power become important issues. What we call public mandate - that is reflected in assembly elections.
In Maharashtra, will your CM candidate be from the BJP or Shiv Sena?
We haven't decided on that. Discussions are on at the state level and still to take concrete shape.
There is talk of tension between Nitin Gadkari and Devendra Phadnavis in Maharashtra. Your comments.

If someone backs us in Delhi  we ll form government: Amit ShahAmit Shah
(BJP wants to form the government…)
NEW DELHI: BJP wants to form the government in Delhi because "it already has a mandate", BJP chief Amit Shah told ET. This puts at rest speculation about BJP's official stand on government formation in Delhi, a matter that's under the Supreme Court's scrutiny.
On AAP's sting, Shah said some member's "enthusiasm" in a small state can't be "a reflection on the party". Shah insisted the 2013 state polls where BJP emerged the single largest party and 2014 Lok Sabha polls in which it won all seven seats were proof that Delhi voters' mandate was with BJP.
"Nobody wants elections," Shah said. On getting a majority in the House, he said, "I don't know who will support... but if someone is willing to support, obviously not through unethical means...why should we refuse?"

Samajwadi Party fanning communal tension in UP: Amit ShahAmit Shah
(Amit Shah has squarely…)
NEW DELHI: BJP President Amit Shah has squarely blamed Samajwadi Party for rising communal tension in Uttar Pradesh while dismissing talk of marginalisation of home minister and former BJP chief Rajnath Singh, adding that rumours about Singh's family were not the handiwork of anyone in the party.
On the so-called 'love jihad', the headline-grabbing name for interreligious marriages that are allegedly a ruse for conversion, Shah said this was more a media creation and that BJP had no big plans to take it up as a campaign issue.
But he added that he sees nothing wrong in BJP responding to "a grave social problem" in "genuine cases" of "injustice". The 49-year-old politician, who led BJP to victory in a staggering 71 Lok Sabha seats in the 80-seat Uttar Pradesh and who was on Wednesday charged by state police in Muzaffarnagar over an April 4 campaign speech, said if polarisation was his party's poll strategy, every state facing elections would have seen a rise in communal temperature.
But since only UP is facing this problem, the BJP chief argued, it was SP's partisan strategy that was responsible. "There is no communal tension anywhere except in UP. BJP is everywhere, but SP is only in UP. That only means that SP's one-sided vote bank consolidation politics is responsible for increase in communal tension. There's no tension even in Jammu & Kashmir... a (poll bound) sensitive state," Shah told ET in his first major media interaction since becoming party chief.
He was emphatic in dismissing any possibility that Home Minister Rajnath Singh was disempowered in any way. "How can the home minister be marginalised? He's taking all decisions in his department." Shah also asserted that Singh was Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "close and trusted friend".
Read full interview: Will go where water takes me: Amit Shah on aspiring to be PM
When asked who was number 2 in the government, the BJP chief said it was not for him but for the PM to answer the question. Shah blamed the media for propagating rumours about Singh's family, saying it was intended to destabilise a government that was doing well. "If the media is reporting such rumours they should name their sources," said Shah.
"I want to convey to the public through The Economic Times not to believe such rumours." He said the Modi government had engineered an all-round improvement: Corporate India is happy as the economy was looking up while civil servants felt empowered to take decisions as they felt "protected' under the new regime.
When asked about BJP's less-than-stellar showing in the Bihar bypolls and the impact of the Nitish Kumar-Lalu Prasad combine, Shah asserted that BJP would win if assembly elections were held in Bihar today.
"If Nitish and Lalu are so confident of victory, why don't they call for elections?" He exuded confidence that BJP would register emphatic wins in the upcoming assembly elections in Maharashtra, Jharkhand and Haryana.
He also strongly contested the suggestion that the appointment of former chief justice of India P Sathasivam as Kerala governor was a quid pro quo for his allegedly favourable rulings in cases against Shah.
The BJP chief said his bail in the 'encounter' case was granted by two other judges and Justice Sathasivam had referred the Tulsi Prajapati case to CBI, a course of action that the Gujarat government had challenged and which went against his interests. Typically reticent about himself, the powerful BJP chief said all talk of him being the country's second most powerful person (after the PM) was just chatter in the corridors of power and in the media.
"My relationship with Modi-ji is exactly how the relationship between a PM and a party president should be," Shah said. Equally laconic about his political future and answering a question about whether he sees himself as a future prime minister, Shah said he's like wood floating on water.
"Wherever the water takes me, I will go."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Indian rupee recovers 11 paise against US dollar in early tradePress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 11, 2014 10:28 am
Indian rupee recovered by 11 paise to trade at 60.84 against the US dollar in early trade today on selling of the American currency by banks and exporters.
Besides, a higher opening in the domestic equity market also supported the local currency but dollar’s gains against other currencies overseas capped the gains, forex dealers said.
Yesterday, the rupee had lost 35 paise to close at a four-week low of 60.95 after dipping below 61-mark against the American currency on growing concern that US hiking interest rates sooner-than-expected will hit inflows.
The rupee had depreciated by over one per cent in the past two days.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex recovered by 87.77 points, or 0.32 per cent, to trade at 27,145.18 in early trade today.

How carmakers are shaping quality of India s R&D poolHow Global and Indian carmakers are shaping the quantity and quality of India's R&D pool
Lijee Philip, ET Bureau Sep 11, 2014, 05.09AM IST
Tags:
Apollo Tyres
(For example, the Suzuki…)
It's a long journey from the temple of automobile technology to the land of temples, from Germany to India, from crafting technology for top-end vehicles to doing the same for low-end two-wheelers.
Twenty-five years after he entered the hallowed tomes of the $80 billion German carmaker BMW, Markus Braunsperger is exiting. He leaves behind a rich, even iconic, trail of technology development, including BMW models like the 5, 6, 7, X3, X4, X5 and X6 series. And that's not even the story.
The story is where the 50-year-old, whose last assignment was as chief technology officer of BMW Motorcycles, is headed: to an Indian company that is onetwentieth the size of BMW, whose entire turnover is smaller than the R&D budget of BMW, and which till three years ago had virtually no R&D prowess of its own to speak of because its then-Japanese partner took care of it.
Following its 2011 separation with Honda, Hero MotoCorp is looking to craft a new, global ride, and one of the key pieces identified by Pawan Munjal, its vice-chairman and managing director, is technology and design. Braunsperger as head of Hero's R&D is Munjal's second big strike, announced last month, after Markus Feichtner as head of engine design and development from AVL of Austria.
The trickle of foreign R&D professionals into Indian auto companies is steadily building into a flow. Besides Hero, Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) and Tata Motors too have experienced expats shaping their R&D. They are all companies that have demonstrated mettle and displayed global ambitions. "Of course, the first department everywhere that sees the impact of this trend is R&D," says Gautam Sen, an automobile industry expert based in Paris.
Before he took charge as head of studio engineering at M&M four months ago, Kevin Wheldon had put in 34 years at Volvo, British Leyland and Chrysler. "I could have retired from Chrysler," says the Brit. "I needed a challenge and an opportunity, and saw it with M&M, which had its own studio engineering set up." Wheldon is on a three-year contract, based in M&M's unit at Kandivali, a Mumbai suburb.
"Indian automobile companies are beginning to think global and not domestic anymore," says Wheldon. And this is showing up in their changing approach to R&D. It can be seen in the top-of-the-line development facilities coming up. Hero, for example, is building a Rs 500 crore centre in Kukas, near Jaipur. "We could have gone for one big technology supplier. The intention is to build our own ecosystem with the home base here," says Munjal. "When completed, it (Kukas) will probably be one of the best in the globe, not just in India."
It can be seen in the fattening R&D allocations and spends: in the past three years, a decidedly weak auto market, the top three homegrown Indian two-wheeler and four-wheeler companies have seen their total R&D spend increase at a compounded annual rate of 19 per cent. It can be seen in the increased hiring that is happening — at all levels, on some scale, across all kinds of companies and from all over the world (See graphic: Global Expertise in Indian Companies).
GLOBAL MIGRATION
In the past decade, BMW, Foton, GM, Honda, Maruti Suzuki, Mercedes, Renault-Nissan and Volvo have all set up R&D centres in India, and scooped up talent from Indian companies. The imperative for global carmakers to expand their R&D set up in India is different from that of homegrown ones. They are moving work to India to tap the country's engineering base and cost advantage. And as they scale up in India, they are also looking at more indigenisation and localisation.
Maruti Suzuki, for example, designed and produced from scratch the new Alto 800 — its entry-level car — completely in India. The company has 1,300 engineers at its Gurgaon and Rohtak facilities. At the other end, there's a Mercedes-Benz India, which services the top end. In 2013, it opened a new R&D centre in Bangalore, employing 1,400, and is looking to increase this by 40 per cent to 2,000 by 2015.
The heightened activity among carmakers is rubbing off on Robert Bosch Engineering, which makes electronic hardware and software for cars, and has nearly doubled its staff strength in the past four years. "India has already started complete design of newer technology vehicles, implementing more electronics," says Vijay Ratnaparkhe, president and MD of Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions. "It's time to scale up." Of the 14,500 people at its Bangalore and Coimbatore units, about 10,500 are engineers, largely doing product development work.

Car sales grow for fourth straight month  indicate lasting turnaroundYou are here: Home > Collections
Car sales grow for fourth straight month, indicate lasting turnaround
Chanchal Pal Chauhan, ET Bureau Sep 11, 2014, 06.39AM IST
Tags:
Car sales
(The numbers, especially…)
NEW DELHI: Car sales grew more than 15 per cent in August, the fastest pace so far this fiscal year, helped by big discounts and new launches and also clearly signaling improving consumer sentiment as the festival season begins.
The local auto market has not exactly come to its real potential, but data released on Wednesday by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers reflect positive sales across most segments of vehicles.
The numbers, especially an expansion in commercial-vehicle sales, also strengthen expectation of a turnaround in the economy after two years of sub-5 per cent growth.
In the commercial-vehicle segment, sales have increased after nearly two-and half years, while in cars, August was the fourth straight month when the numbers have risen. According to Siam data, the automotive industry posted total local sales of 16.6 million vehicles last month, the highest for the month of August ever.
With an array of recent launches in the passenger-vehicle segment, and more in the pipeline during the ongoing festival season, demand is expected to improve further in the usually buoyant fiscal second half starting next month.
"We have witnessed the fourth successive monthly gain (in car sales) that is creating an impression that customers are returning to the market and sales are likely to stablise. We are not issuing any forecast, but the car segment should end the fiscal year with high single-digit growth," Siam director-general Vishnu Mathur said. "Other (vehicle) categories are also reflecting the change in market sentiments with positive growth last month."
The major performers in August were larger carmakers such as Maruti Suzuki , Hyundai Motor and Honda Cars India , which together accounted for as much as 80 per cent of sales reported by manufacturers in the passenger-vehicle segment. Maruti posted growth of more than 29 per cent to sell 98,304 units in the domestic market, ahead of Hyundai that sold 19 per cent more vehicles then the previous month at 33,750 units. At Honda, car sales rose as much as 88 per cent.
New models launched in recent weeks, such as the Honda Mobilio and Hyundai Elite i20, helped sales last month. Maruti's new Ciaz sedan and Tata Motors' Bolt hatchback are likely to bring more customers to the dealerships in the coming weeks.
A sweet spot for the industry was a remarkable recovery in heavy commercial vehicle sales, with a 9.61 per cent expansion last month. Considered a barometer of economic growth, commercial-vehicle sales were last positive in February 2011, when the domestic market grew 5.53 per cent year-on-year.
"We are expecting a slow recovery in the commercial-vehicles segment as some activity has picked up in the mining and infrastructure sectors that has propelled demand for goods vehicles," Mathur said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Skoda launches upgraded variant of premium compact SUV YetiYou are here: Home > Collections > Variant
Skoda launches upgraded variant of premium compact SUV Yeti
PTI Sep 10, 2014, 08.52PM IST
Tags:
Skoda
(Auto giant Skoda Auto…)
MUMBAI: Auto giant Skoda Auto today launched an upgraded variant of its premium compact SUV Yeti, priced in Rs 18.63-20.14 lakh range, ex-showroom Mumbai, and said it will not unveil any new car model in India in the near future.
The carmaker, which sells only four diesel models in India -- Superb, Octavia and Fabia besides Yeti -- said it will not bring in any new models into the domestic market, where it will continue with the existing product range as part of its short-term strategy.
"The refreshed models in our line-up reflect our new phase here. To complement our ongoing model offensive we will focus on the overall ownership experience with the brand and will continue to treat customer satisfaction as top priority," Skoda Auto India Chairman and Managing Director Sudhir Rao said at the launch.
Admitting that the premium SUV compact segment has seen ups and downs in terms of demand, Rao said, "now, there is a secular trend towards customers wanting richer cars. The demand for our Octavia and Superb is expected to pick up in the next 18-24 months."
He, however, maintained the company, a subsidiary of Germany's Volkswagen Group , will not get into the volume segment any time soon and continue with its current portfolio of four products.
Skoda is in the process of revamping its dealerships and service centres to address servicing issues in a more effective way, said the company's Director (Sales & Marketing) Pawel Szuflak.
"There have been (service) issues in the past but the situation is now different. Today, all our efforts are focused to track, look, improve and bring our service to the next level," Szuflak said.
Skoda currently has 80 dealerships and 79 service centres in the country. It has taken several measures, including revamping the outlets and service centres and setting up a spare parts distribution centre in the South, which will be functional from next year, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mutual funds cut back on stocks as valuations spikeYou are here: Home > Collections
Mutual funds cut back on stocks as valuations spike
Prashant Mahesh & Nikhil Walavalkar, ET Bureau Sep 11, 2014, 11.30AM IST
Tags:
Director
(Asset allocation funds…)
MUMBAI: Asset allocation funds are trimming exposure to stocks, with the Nifty moving up 38% in the past one year. These funds combine multiple assets like debt, equity and cash in a single portfolio. Franklin Dynamic P/E Ratio Fund of Fund has cut its exposure to equity from 75% in August 2013 to 50% in July 2014 while Pramerica Dynamic Asset Allocation fund has reduced exposure to stocks from 62.93% to 48.03% in the same period.
Another fund, Principal Smart Equity, has cut its equity exposure from 62.93% to 48.03%. The mix between bonds and stocks in such funds depends on the fund manager's view on the market as well as respective valuation formula.
For example, Franklin Dynamic P/E Ratio Fund of Fund has a monthly rebalancing mechanism. Based on the price-to-earnings (P/E) level of Nifty, the fund reduces equity exposure and increases debt exposure whenever it believes that P/E levels are high and vice versa.
"Markets look overpriced from a historical price-to-earnings multiple perspective. Since these funds follow historical models, they are reducing their exposure to equity," says Vijai Mantri, MD and CEO, Pramerica Mutual Fund. According to ETIG Database, the P/E ratio of CNX Nifty has gone up to 21.68 from 17.14 over the past one year.
This increase in valuations is driving asset allocation fund managers to sell equities and move into bonds. There are five such schemes, with assets under management of Rs 2,138 crore as of July 2014 which invest in equity and debt, based on stock valuation analyses. Financial planners typically tell investors to have an asset allocation plan in place as it helps reduce risks, diversifies portfolio and generates optimal returns.
Such asset allocation funds are recommended to retail investors who cannot time the market on their own or cannot afford a financial planner to work out an asset allocation.
"These products suit retail investors who do not have an asset allocation in place. However, these funds may do well in volatile markets, but do underperform the broader market in a structured bull market," says Feroze Azeez, director — private wealth management, Anand Rathi Financial Services. Also, these funds lose out from the tax perspective as they are treated like debt funds. An investor selling before three years will have to pay short-term capital gains tax and a 20% tax with indexation if she sells three years after investing. Compared with this, equity mutual funds have no long-term capital gains tax.
"This tax treatment eats away most of the gains earned by these products that invest in equity," says Azeez.
FEATURED ARTICLES

iPhone 6 selling for over Rs 1 lakh on eBay IndiaAhead of India launch, iPhone 6 selling for over Rs 1 lakh on eBay India
By Writankar Mukherjee , ET Bureau | 11 Sep, 2014, 07.00AM IST
The India launch of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus is slated for October but unofficial channels promise delivery this month itself.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
KOLKATA: A day after Tim Cook took the wrappings off iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the Indian grey market went a little crazy. On eBay India, a sealed and factory unlocked 16GB iPhone 6 was going for Rs 1 lakh while a 16 GB iPhone 6 Plus was being offered at Rs 1.1 lakh. The devices will be shipped to India from September 21.
Another seller on eBay India listed a network-locked 16GB iPhone 6, which will be unlocked before sale, at Rs 75,000. The phone will be launched in the US and elsewhere on September 19 and in India on October 17.
One of the sellers on eBay, who plans to source the handsets from Australia and Singapore, said he has already received more than 20 bookings with the full amount paid by Wednesday evening. His listing had got more than 600 hits, he said. Australia and Singapore are part of the global launch.
Apple has enlarged the screen, made the edges more rounded and slimmed down the iPhone as it seeks to fight for higher end of the smartphone market with Samsung, with which it has tangled in court over alleged patent infringements. At the same time, in markets such as India, buyers are moving toward cheaper phones.
These include the Motorola Moto E and the Xiaomi Mi3. But iPhone mania was unstoppable on the day after the launch with Apple fanboys determined to get their hands on the new devices. In the grey markets of New Delhi and Kolkata, the 16GB version of the iPhone 6 was being quoted at Rs 55,000-60,000 with a premium of Rs 5,000-10,000 on the larger screen variant.
In Mumbai's Crawford Market and the Heera Panna shopping complex, the 16GB iPhone 6 was being quoted at around Rs 80,000-85,000 with dealers promising delivery in September itself. The new iPhones will start selling on the global launch day in 10 markets — including the US, Australia, Japan, the UK, Hong Kong and Singapore — with bookings kicking off on September 12.
The Apple India website said the phones will be officially launched in the country on October 17. While official India prices haven't been made public, it's estimated that the iPhone 6 16GB model will be priced at Rs 48,000- Rs 50,000 and the iPhone 6 Plus 16GB model at Rs 58,000-60,000 by three of Apple's top trade partners.
The 64 GB and 128 GB models will cost appropriately more. A grey market dealer in Kolkata's AC market said customers were ready to pay the amount in full to book the model.
"This kind of frenzy is happening after a long time, actually since the launch of the first iPhone, which was then launched in India after several months," he said, requesting anonymity. The owner of a mobile phone shop in New Delhi's grey market haunt Gaffar Market said the new iPhone models will be available in next 10-15 days.
"We will also have some accessories for the phone," he said. Apple is planning to build on the excitement ahead of its official India launch and will, for the first time, go big on online sales and digital marketing, with the festive season in full swing by October, said Apple's top trade partners.
(With inputs from Shambhavi Anand in New Delhi and Sagar Malviya in Mumbai).

iPhone 6 Plus cannot compete with local tablet brands in India: ExpertsApple iPhone 6 Plus cannot compete with local tablet brands in India, say experts
By Deepali Gupta , ET Bureau | 11 Sep, 2014, 07.27AM IST
0
Share More
In India, a product which will be priced above Rs 50,000 cannot compete with local brands supplying tablets around Rs 15,000.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Apple may have positioned its new iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5-inch screen to counter phablets that are eating into the tablet market led by its iPad globally.
But in a price-sensitive India, analysts say, the impact will be minimal at best. The US company plans to bring its new phones — the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus — to India next month, in time to benefit from the peak festival season buying.
In India, a product which will be priced above Rs 50,000 cannot compete with local brands supplying tablets around Rs 15,000, said Neil Shah , research director for devices and ecosystems at Counterpoint Research.
However, the new launches may help Apple offset a downturn in the iPad Mini sales, he added.
Anshul Gupta, principal research analyst at Gartner , said bigger-screen phones, called phablets, are affecting sales of tablets. "For India, it is irrelevant, but internationally the large-screen phones have been cannibalising tablet sales."
In fact, tablets are expected to sell mostly within the enterprise segment. Karan Thakkar , senior market analyst at IDC , forecasts tablet sales to grow in India over the next two quarters, helped by festive buying and enterprise projects, including a few big government projects in education that are in the pipeline.
However, for the year, tablet sales are expected to fall in India. Shah of Counterpoint said his firm expects tablet shipments to drop 2 per cent in 2014 compared with a 37 per cent rise last year. The Indian tablet market recovered in Q2 of 2014 with shipments rising 9 per cent sequentially at 0.86 million units, after a 33 per cent plunge in the previous quarter.

iPhone 6 and Apple Watch seen boosting near-field communications techAll the new Apple devices will come equipped to operate its new payments service "Apple Pay", which launches in the United States next month.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
FRANKFURT: Apple Inc's move into mobile payments, announced on Tuesday with the launch of its new iPhone 6 phones and the Apple Watch, is expected to give a boost to the wireless technology behind it, called near-field communications (NFC), analysts and makers of the technology say.
All the new Apple devices will come equipped to operate its new payments service "Apple Pay", which launches in the United States next month and allows users to pay for items in stores by tapping their phone on contactless card payment terminals instead of the underlying credit or debit card.
For Apple Pay to work the new devices come with a "secure element" chip and a near-field communications, or NFC, antenna.
The NFC segment is dominated by NXP Semiconductors, which invented the technology with Sony. Qualcomm , Broadcom, MediaTek and ST Microelectronics are its main competitors.
"NXP Semiconductors definitely will be happy with this development," said Juniper analyst Windsor Holden.
Shares in NXP Semiconductors have been hovering around all-time highs in anticipation of Apple's move into mobile payment.
Asked whether NXP supplies Apple with its NFC chips for the new iPhone, the company declined to comment. Apple suppliers are sworn to secrecy.
NFC technology has been around for more than a decade but so far hasn't taken off widely, even though it is seen as a safe method of making mobile payments, as the wireless technology only works when two devices are brought close together, which makes interference or eavesdropping from outside almost impossible.
With Apple Pay an additional layer of security is provided with use of the iPhone device protected by Apple's Touch ID fingerprint scanner.
But retailers have been reluctant to invest in the necessary scanning and tagging infrastructure, limiting its scope to small-scale ventures like one between Starbucks, Orange , Samsung and Barclays in Britain.
HALO EFFECT
Analysts at Gartner estimate the value of mobile payments with NFC will rise to almost $22 billion by 2016 - still less than 5 per cent of a global payments market dominated by SMS text messaging - from less than $5 billion last year.
One of the niches where it has been successful is in gaming, where for instance Activision Blizzard uses it to connect physical action figures to consoles like Microsoft's
Xbox, Sony's PlayStation and Nintendo's Wii.
Juniper's Holden expects that Apple will now introduce mobile payments to a wider audience, creating a "halo effect".
Google's NFC-based mobile payment system, Google Wallet, was also expected to give a crucial boost to the market when it was introduced in 2011.
But with Apple Pay's first use made easier, if desired, by connection to what it says amounts to "hundreds of millions" of credit and debit cards already stored in users' iTunes accounts, along with its partnerships with household retail names in the United States like McDonald's, Disney and Walgreen, who are needed to provide the payment terminals, Apple may succeed where others have failed, said analysts.
Page 1 of 2

Need to review Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan & RTE: Iranihrd minister
(Smriti Irani was a surprise…)
Smriti Irani, all of 38, was a surprise choice for the heavyweight HRD ministry. And 100 days into her job and a few controversies later, she is resigned to the idea that she will continue to attract controversies because of her stardom. But none of that would take her attention away from all the promises made in BJP manifesto. Excerpts from an interview with ET.
Three months into this job, what are your top achievements and major regrets?
When I came into this office, people were working in silos. School education and higher education should have converged efforts, but it wasn't happening. I got officials of both verticals to sit together for policy decisions. We introduced two female members in the IIT Council which has been an all-boys club. I also appointed the first ever female chairperson of the Indian Institute of Advanced Studies. As for regrets, I have never lived a life of regret.
Can we expect any big announcements in the offing?
I understand that my predecessors - I would not like to name any individual - were people who were enamoured by big-ticket announcements. My belief is that god is in the details. I can't reveal more than that right now.
You have said there will be a new education policy. What challenges will it address?
The PM had said in a conversation with our ministry that we need to make India manpower ready in 10 to 15 years from now. That apart, we need to figure out what new knowledge we can deliver to the world that will attract students and research scholars abroad to our country.
Have you identified areas where India can offer new knowledge? The IITs have identified 10 goal posts vis-a-vis research that vary from nanotechnology to aerospace to holistic healing. I will set up sub groups of experts who can help identify how we can arrive upon new knowledge. This will be an exhaustive process. Policy cannot be drafted between the polity and bureaucracy. All stakeholders should have a say in it. It's this process that India has waited for too long.
You have lamented inadequate awareness about great personalities and the glory of ancient India...
It's extremely unfortunate that due recognition has not been given to many who have selflessly served the country. I was shocked to know that children don't know about Pingali Venkayya (who designed the national flag) or who our Param Vir Chakra awardees are. My desire is to see our contemporary heroes and other unsung personalities get their due place in history amongst our students.
When I was being criticized for Sanskrit Saptah (Sanskrit Week), Manjul Bhargav, who got the Fields Medal in Mathematics, said he owed his success to the fact he learned Sanskrit in school. I think we need to understand our own strengths as a nation.
But the HRD ministry is seen as a sort of rewriter of textbooks ...
Any effort undertaken within this ministry will not breach any constitutional propriety. I have chosen a gentleman named Syed Bari as the new Vice Chancellor of the central university of Gujarat on the basis of merit. Those who accuse us of being ideologically too rightist would not have imagined this. I have made a consistent effort to not come out and explain all my appointments and decisions.
A major criticism of industry is that the education system does not produce people fit for the industry. How do you address this?
We are in the process of designing a council for higher education, industry and academia collaboration which will address all concerns on one platform. This will help us solve challenges vis a vis employability.
Quality higher education is a major problem. How do you plan to address this?
I feel that education to empower people can happen through the 'Digital Indian' campaign. We are in the process of structuring the Indian version of MOOCs (Massive Open Online Courses) which will help us deliver education to every individual free of cost. Only if you want certification would you need to pay a nominal cost. The industry-academia collaboration will suggest improvements needed in higher education. We are working with the UGC and AICTE on an online portal which ensure students are well informed of their choice before joining a college or university.
  Will you make changes to the RTE legislation?
In my conversation with all officers and representatives of states we have said that there is a need to review RTE (Right to Education Act), along with SSA (Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan), RMSA (Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan) and RUSA (Rashtriya Uchch Shiksha Abhiyan). The process of evaluation and course correction has already started and will be institutionalized.

Venu Srinivasan s son and daughter get meatier roles in TVS MotorsVenu Srinivasan's son and daughter get meatier roles in TVS Motors
Sangeetha k, ET Bureau Sep 11, 2014, 04.04AM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(Sudarshan, who is believed…)
CHENNAI: TVS Motor's scions have been given meatier roles at the Chennai-based automobile company just days after the marriage of Sudarshan Venu , the son of the company's 62-year-old chairman and managing director Venu Srinivasan .
Sudarshan, 25, has been appointed as the joint managing director and his sister Lakshmi, 30, as additional nonexecutive director, as one of India's largest motorcycle manufacturers implements its succession plan.
In a statement on Wednesday, the company cited its "steadily increasing market share" for the appointment of Sudarshan, who it said has "considerably increased his engagement in and contribution to the progress of the firm".
Sudarshan, who is believed to be passionate about cars and bikes, joined the board of Sundaram Clayton, a maker of aluminium die-casting and also an investment arm inside the TVS group, in September 2011. His sister preceded him to the Sundaram Clayton post in March 2010.
Their mother Mallika Srinivasan heads Tractors and Farm Equipment, the flagship of the Amalgamations group. Lakshmi is married to Rohan, son of Infosys founder NR Narayana Murthy .
Sudarshan completed his graduation in 2010 at the Jerome Fisher Program in Management and Technology at the University of Pennsylvania. He obtained two degrees in bachelor of science — one in engineering and the other in economics. He completed a masters' degree in international technology management at the Warwick Manufacturing Group, an academic department at the University of Warwick in the UK.
It was during this time he underwent training at the die casting division of Sundaram Clayton and in TVS Motor. He became a vice-president of TVS Motor a few months after becoming an additional director at Sundaram Clayton and was appointed to its board in February last year.
"The last two years have been challenging and Sudarshan has helped the company sail safe," a senior TVS executive said. "TVS Motor exports to 53 countries and of these, 14 countries were added after Sudarshan joined." Sudarshan could not be reached for comment.
Earlier this month, he married Tara Sam, the grand-daughter of the late D Jayavarthanavelu of Coimbatore-based Lakshmi Machine Works (LMW). Tara is the daughter of Ravi Sam, the managing director of Adwaith group which has interests like textiles, paints foundry and steel.
Lakshmi, an alumnus of Yale University, will serve as the woman director on the company's board, according to the TVS statement. She also holds a doctorate in engineering management from the University of Warwick.
In September 2010, Lakshmi was appointed as director of strategy at Sundaram Clayton and in a year she was made vice-president for global business development and strategy.
"She was instrumental in administering US operations," said a long-time board member of Sundaram Clayton.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Groups  Rajan-led task force proposes CSR math for corporatesCSR spending norms
(The 'Rajan formula',…)
NEW DELHI: A joint task force of representatives of industry and non-profits led by the Tata group's chief ethics officer and brand custodian Mukund Rajan has proposed a formula to put a monetary value to the time devoted by corporate executives, managers and CEOs volunteering for social causes.
The formula, which has been submitted to the government, values the voluntary work by an executive or junior manager with less than five years of experience at Rs 252 per hour. The rates go up for senior managers and are pegged at Rs 2,711 per hour for directors, vice-presidents and CXOs. The 'Rajan formula', according to industry representatives, could break an impasse that has arisen over how to value pro bono work done by corporate executives.
This June, the government included "volunteering activities by corporate employees" as a permissible activity under the mandatory corporate social responsibility or CSR spending norms prescribed by the Companies Act of 2013. But the corporate affairs ministry is yet to decide on how such pro bono work should be valued, as there are differences between the government and the industry on this.
Industry associations want the government to value the time spent on such work on the basis of employees' cost to company or CTC. The government, however, believes that this approach could be misused to overstate expenditure as CTC can be calculated in many different ways, and is of the view that basic pay would be a better metric. The Rajan-led task force, which has been set up under the aegis of the India@75 trust, has proposed a middle path.
According to Rajan Navani, chairman of the India@ 75's national committee, the task force has taken the average of salaries across from a representative sample of consumer, manufacturing and IT/ITeS firms and discounted it to 25 per cent, while computing the hourly rates for pro bono work.
"We hope the valuation issue is settled soon so that there is more traction among companies and their employees to foster a culture of volunteering on company time," Navani said. This formula is part of a larger framework to synergise the development efforts of non-profit organisations with corporate India and assign hourly rates to the voluntary work done by junior, middle and senior managers as well as vice-presidents/CXOs.
"It is critical that NGOs' perceived value of the work done by corporate executives is factored into the valuation to help foster a more fair and sustainable ecosystem for pro bono work in India," Navani said. The taskforce formed by the India@75 Trust included nearly four dozen senior executives from India Inc and non-governmental organisations (NGOs) such as Pratham and Give India.
Top managers from Google India , General Electric , Godrej group , GVK, Bain and Co and Boston Consulting Group were also part of the taskforce that identified eight functional areas --such as legal, financial, marketing, analytics and technology -- in which corporate bosses could assist non-profits on 180 different types of projects.
India has more than 3.3 million NGOs working on different developmental goals, and 81% of them are keen on getting skilled volunteers to improve their operations, according to a study. Pro bono work was valued at $187 billion in 2010 in the US.
"We can match professionals' core skills and corporations' core competencies with non-profits for a high-impact volunteering programme that has the potential to bring industry and civil society together for India's development," the Rajan taskforce has said about the importance of an effective pro-bono programme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modi effect: Forecasters predict Rupee appreciation(The median estimate in a…)
By Lilian Karunungan
Singapore: Strategists are raising their forecasts for India's rupee faster than for any other Asian currency as Prime Minister Narendra Modi's economic policies attract international investors.
The median estimate in a Bloomberg survey puts the rupee at 61 per dollar by the end of 2015, up from a prediction of 62.3 on June 30 and compared with 60.955 at Wednesday's close in Mumbai. While that doesn't indicate much change in India's currency, it does show that forecasters no longer expect a reversal of its world-beating 4.6 per cent gain of the past year.
India's progress in cutting its trade deficit by curbing gold imports and scaling back debt sales is making the nation more resilient to the prospect of higher US interest rates than its regional peers. International investors have pumped a record $7.8 billion into the country's bonds this quarter.
"India is in a much better position to smooth currency volatility," Khoon Goh, a senior foreign-exchange strategist at Australia & New Zealand Banking Group in Singapore, said by e-mail on September 4.
Rupee's Surge
The rupee has risen from an alltime low of 68.845 per dollar in August 2013, and is up 1.5 per cent this year, touching a 6-week high of 60.1975 on September 8. It slipped back to an almost one-month low of 61.035 on Wednesday.
ANZ has raised its end-of-2015 forecast to 61 from 65.5, putting it in line with the median of 23 estimates in Bloomberg's survey.
Strategists are less optimistic about other Asian currencies on bets the Federal Reserve will raise the main US interest rate next year from a range of zero to 0.25 per cent.
The 2.1 per cent jump in rupee forecasts this quarter compares with a 1.3 per cent increase for Indonesia's rupiah and a 0.3 per cent boost to estimates for the Philippine peso and Malaysian ringgit.
Trade Deficit
The rupee tumbled 30 per cent in the three years from 2011 to 2013 as the current account deficit widened under Manmohan Singh, reaching $31.9 billion in the final quarter of 2012. The shortfall in the broadest measure of India's trade shrank to $1.2 billion in the first quarter, before expanding to $7.8 billion in the three months ending June 30.
The rupee has also benefited from the policies of Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan , who was appointed a year ago and raised the repurchase rate three times in the past year, to 8 per cent. The RBI has used short-term rupee gains to bolster its currency reserves, making Indian assets more attractive.
100 Days
Modi, who completed his first 100 days in office last week, has suffered setbacks that may weigh on the rupee. A push to raise the limit on foreign investment in the insurance industry to 49 per cent was thwarted by the opposition in August, raising doubts about the new prime minister's ability to implement politically sensitive decisions.
Edward Teather, a senior economist at UBS AG in Singapore, predicts the rupee will weaken more than 6 per cent to 65 per dollar by the end of next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Eyeing recovery  UN wants salary hikes to cure modest global economic growthBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

BlackBerry acquires Movirtu to bring split billing in BYOD scenariosWith Movirtu’s Virtual SIM platform, both a business number and a personal number can be used on a single mobile device, with separate billing for voice, data and messaging usage on each number.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 7:05 pm
BlackBerry has acquired Movirtu, a provider of virtual identity solutions for mobile operators that allows multiple numbers to be active on a single device. This improves device management in bring-your-own device (BYOD) and corporate owned personally enabled (COPE) environments. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed.
With Movirtu’s Virtual SIM platform, both a business number and a personal number can be used on a single mobile device, with separate billing for voice, data and messaging usage on each number.  As a result, employees can switch between business and personal profiles easily without carrying multiple devices or SIM cards, and charges are appropriately billed to the company and the employee. Additionally, in conjunction with the BlackBerry Enterprise Service (BES) platform, enterprise customers will be able to apply IT policies to the business number without impacting the usability of the device for personal use.
“The acquisition of Movirtu complements our core strategy of providing additional value added services, and it will leverage our key assets, including our BES platform, along with our existing global infrastructure which is connected to a large number of mobile operators around the world,” said John Chen, Executive Chairman and CEO, BlackBerry in a statement.
With Movirtu, employees can switch between profiles for calls, data and messages, while on their home network and in roaming situations.
The new Virtual SIM capabilities will be offered by BlackBerry through mobile operators to provide customers with multiple identity based service offerings. BlackBerry will support the deployment of Movirtu technology by mobile operators on all major smartphone operating systems.

Sebi censures BSE for OFS lapses; starts probeSebi censures BSE for OFS lapses; detailed probe underway
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 20:34 IST
Finding BSE guilty of lapses while conducting Rs 6,000 crore share sale of PSU firm NMDC, Sebi on Thursday censured the bourse for its conduct and asked it to take necessary actions after an independent review.
Besides, the capital markets regulator would conduct a "detailed probe" into confirmation of bids, worth about Rs 682 crore, by Citibank placed for the Offer For Sale (OFS) that took place nearly two years ago.
In its order, Sebi asked BSE to engage "one or more independent consultants to review the entire sequence of events in the matter, the process followed, checks in place, systems employed while accepting the OFS bids by BSE."
The consultant would need to "bring out the shortcomings, if any, and suggest remedial measures within a period of three months. BSE shall then fix the responsibility internally, both in terms of processes and personnel, and take appropriate action," Sebi said.
The exchange would need to inform Sebi within further three months as to how the recommendations of the consultant, along with the regulator's directions, have been implemented.
The matter relates to the government selling nearly 39.65 crore shares of NMDC through OFS mechanism of the BSE and NSE on December 12, 2012. A probe by Sebi into the matter has now shown violations by BSE to Sebi's circular on operational guidelines for conducting OFS.
"I hereby censure BSE for its conduct as observed in this Order and direct it to be careful and cautious in its dealings in the securities market and comply with all the legal requirements that govern its functions as a stock exchange," Sebi's whole-time member Prashant Saran said in his order.
After the closure of the share sale that day at 3.30 pm, Sebi had sought bid data from the two exchanges, to which BSE first stated that the final cumulative bids received at its platform were for 29.91 crore.
In another intimation to Sebi later that evening, BSE revised the figures upward by 4.55 crore shares to state that the final cumulative bids received by it were for 34.47 crore shares.
Subsequently, Sebi sought clarification from BSE about the huge difference between the two figures.
BSE said that all the bids had come in before the cut off time of 3:30 PM on December 12, 2012, but it had received a facsimile request from one of its authorized clearing bank, Citibank, on behalf of custodian, Citibank NA at 3:55 PM in respect of updation of collateral of approximately Rs 902 crore with respect to the bid for 4.55 crore shares.
"However, due to high volumes of bids received prior to the expiry of the issue closure, the collateral deposit request of Citibank NA could not be uploaded on the exchange system in time," BSE said.
The exchange further submitted that Citibank was not in a position to confirm the bids received for the 4.55 crore shares at that time and therefore the data relating to these bids could not be communicated to Sebi in first letter.
BSE said it allowed Citibank to confirm the bids between 6.22-6.31 pm after updating the collateral received in the system and Sebi was subsequently informed about the revised final figures at 7:04 PM.
The exchange said it had considered that the submitted bids of Citibank NA were not, at any time, uncovered by margins and hence there was no compromise on the risk management.
BSE had rejected several institutional bids which were received from brokers prior to 3.30 PM (normal trading cut-off time) on account of non-availability of collateral in time from the custodians.
It was alleged that transfer of funds to the clearing corporation had taken place only at 05:09 PM on the OFS day and the bid was confirmed much later between 06:22 PM and 06:31 PM.
Also, it was alleged that the fund transfer as well as the confirmation of bids of the custodian, Citibank N.A appears to have occurred after the permitted cut off time.
Meanwhile, BSE did not respond to queries seeking comment on the SEBI order.
"The facsimile clearly mentions that the funds have been transferred to BSE... I have perused the bank account statement of the relevant bank account of ICCL (Indian Clearing Corporation Ltd) and find no separate credit entry for the amount of Rs 905 crore," Saran said.
The only large amount credit entry visible from the said bank statement is of Rs 1,394 crore at 05:09:36 PM, which as per the communication from BSE is for a total of 11 entries and Rs 905 crores is one of these 11 entries, the regulator said.
"Such credit entry at 05:09:36 PM is clearly well after the permitted time of half an hour after the closure of bidding session i.e. 04:00 PM (or 04:15 PM as argued by BSE), it added.
Regarding the bids, BSE said it had received 3,136 bids (2 per cent per cent of the total bids) in the last half an hour (i.e. between 3-3.30 PM). Due to such high volume of bids received in the last minute, the collateral deposit request of Custodian, Citibank N.A. could not be uploaded on the exchange system in time on account of an inadvertent human error.
"In this regard, I note that BSE during the period of 3:30 PM to 4:00 PM had updated only three collateral requests received from the custodians in respect of the institutional bids. The amount involved in such bids was only Rs 30.18 crore, whereas the collateral request of Citibank N.A was of about Rs 905 crore," Saran said.
"Therefore, it can be said the confirmation of bids for 4.55 crore shares received from Citibank N.A. with available funds was clearly not concluded within the stipulated time of half an hour after post close session. All these were clearly in violation of the Sebi's Circular on OFS," the regulator said.

We are bolstering premium category  eyeing gourmetBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

World food prices drop to 4-year lowDilip Kumar Jha |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:57 AM IST
World food prices drop to 4-year low
Food prices slumped to the lowest in four years in August, even as global production was estimated to exceed consumption by a margin of around 20 per cent this year.
The monthly Food Price Index of the United Nations' Food and Agricultural Organization (FAO) was at 196.6 points in August, down 7.3 points (3.6 per cent) from the previous month and lowest since September 2010. Barring meat, prices of all 65 agri commodities measured by the index showed marked decline in the month.
With the world cereal production forecast scaled up to 2.5 billion tonnes this year - only 0.5 per cent lower than last year's record high - FAO's cereal price index averaged at 182.5 points in August, down 2.8 points (1.5 per cent) from last month and 24.2 points (11.7 per cent) lower than August last year.
The global inventories of all cereals are estimated to rise to the highest levels in 15 years, given the good harvests in the past two years. By the close of the 2015 season, the world cereal stocks could reach 616 million tonnes, 12 million tonnes higher than the previous forecast and six per cent more than the start of the 2014-15 season, estimates FAO.
Wheat output is expected to reach 716.5 million tonnes - only a little short of last year's record harvest - with the crop in China, the Russian Federation, Ukraine and the US likely to be larger than previously anticipated. Also, production in Argentina, Brazil, China, the EU, India, and the Russian Federation has risen significantly, offsetting fall in Australia, the US and Canada - where the latest official forecast points to a decline of 10 million tonnes.
The likely production increase this year caused a slide in the staple grain's price in August to the lowest level since July 2010.
Similarly, near-ideal growing conditions in key producing areas, coupled with abundant stocks, caused the price of maize to retreat to a four-year low. For rice, however, the production outlook worsened from July by about three million tonnes, as an erratic rainfall pattern and concerns over an El Niño impact on the crop early next year marred prospects in China, India, Indonesia, the Philippines and Sri Lanka. Still, at 500.4 million tonnes, global rice production (in milled rice equivalent) was forecast to surpass the 2013 harvest by a marginal 0.4 per cent. As a result, rice bucked the trend in grains, with its prices rising in August, reflecting an increase in import demand, lower-than-expected release from stockpiles by Thailand and unfavorable weather affecting some crops in Asia.
"Rice supplies appear to be ample globally but stocks are concentrated in a small number of countries, and often owned by governments. This means these countries can influence world prices by deciding whether or not to let those supplies flow into the market," said FAO Economist Concepción Calpe. "The fact that Thailand is still limiting sales of the huge rice volume held in public warehouses has been one of the principal factors underpinning world prices in recent months."
The vegetable oils sub-index, at 166.6 points in August, was 14.5 points (eight per cent) lower than the previous month and the lowest since November 2009. The index of sugar prices averaged 244.3 points, down 14.8 points (5.7 per cent) from July but still 2.2 points (one per cent) higher than a year ago.
Dairy led the overall decline, with the dairy products index averaging at 200.8 points in August, down 25.3 points (11.2 per cent) from July and 46.8 points (18.9 per cent) from a year ago - mainly because of abundant supplies for export and reduced import demand.
Russia's prohibition at the beginning of the month on imports of dairy products from several countries helped depress prices, while slackening imports of whole milk powder by China, the world's largest importer, also contributed to market uncertainty.
Brent crude oil slips to 2-year low
Brent crude oil fell to the lowest level in more than two years, narrowing its premium over West Texas Intermediate, after the International Energy Agency (IEA) lowered demand forecasts. The Brent-WTI spread shrank to the smallest since July as the US benchmark rebounded after failing to break below $90. IEA reduced estimates for this year and next following a "remarkable" slowdown in the second quarter that prompted Saudi Arabia to pare exports to a three-year low. At $97.71 a barrel, Brent for October settlement was 33 cents (0.34 per cent) lower than its previous close at 11:45 pm (IST).
 Advertisements

Pre- market: Rangebound trend ahead of Aug CPI & July IIP dataSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 08:27 AM IST
Pre- market: Rangebound trend ahead of Aug CPI & July IIP data
The early indicator, SGX Nifty was trading marginally at 8,109 down 9 points at 0820 hrs
Markets are likely to be range bound as investors will remain cautious as government will release the CPI data for August 2014 and the industrial production data for the month of July today.
The early indicator, SGX Nifty was trading marginally at 8,109 down 9 points at 0820 hrs.  
On the global front, US stocks recovered from early losses on Thursday, with the S&P 500 managing a slight gain as energy prices and oil stocks turned higher and financials lent support.
The S&P energy index rose 0.1%, after trading down more than 1 percent earlier. Shares of Exxon Mobil, which had been down for much of the session, closed up 0.2%.
The S&P 500 had closed at a record high Friday and the index is up 8.1% for the year so far.
Asian markets are trading mixed on the final trading day of the week, following an uninspiring US lead.
STOCKS TO WATCH
Sun Pharmaceutical Industries is looking to get shareholders' approval to raise qualified institutional placement (QIP) worth Rs 12,000 crore at its 27th annual general meeting to be held by the end of September.
Buoyed by improved sentiment in domestic automobile market, Maruti Suzuki has scaled up its projection for growth in cars sales this financial year.
State Bank of India (SBI) has announced that it will open 20 more branches in the state by the end of calendar 2014.
ICICI Bank is set to raise benchmark size dollar bonds through its Dubai branch.
Tata Motors and Microlise, one of Europe's leading Telematics and Fleet Management solutions providers, announced their partnership to bring in the latest global Fleet Telematics solutions to the Indian Market.
Snowman Logistics debuts on the secondary equity market today. The company had priced the initial public offer (IPO) at the top end of the Rs 44 to Rs 47 per equity share price band.
 Advertisements

Delhi Metro contracts: Centre to ask UK for details on Alstom bribesBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Pune is new hotspot for global banks  back o...You are here: Home > Collections > Mumbai
Pune becomes new hub for global banks’ back offices
Rica Bhattacharyya, ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 06.13AM IST
Tags:
Anuj Puri
(Pune, known as a BPO hub for…)
MUMBAI: A month ago, 30-year old Kaushik Bose (name changed), a consultant with EY in Mumbai, quit his job to relocate to Pune where he joined the back office of a global investment bank. Bose was prompted to make the shift to Pune from the city where he has lived, studied and worked for the past 10 years. The draws: a better quality of life, including cheaper rentals, a home close to the workplace, scope for more family time and net savings from the better cost of living.
Several professionals across levels are making Pune their home. The city, known as a BPO hub for information technology majors, is now a hot destination for back offices of global banks, which are set to witness a hiring boom in the next 18-24 months.
An estimated 5,000 people across levels will be hired at the global in-house centres (GICs) of Citibank, Deutsche Bank, Barclays, Credit Suisse, BNY Mellon among others in the period, according to executive search firm estimates. Pune has many factors working in its favour. Topping this list is its proximity to the commercial capital Mumbai - it is barely a threehour ride from the megapolis.
"Pune as a destin a t i o n h a s gained growing importance in the past few years due to the development of the city's infrastructure, which has made it an attractive location for talent as well corporates," says Vikram Subrahmanyam, head of operations and technology at Citi South Asia.
"Pune is set to see a big pick-up in hiring with about 5,000 additions to GICs in the next 18 to 24 months, says Puneet Pratap Singh, partner-incharge, New Delhi at search firm Heidrick and Struggles. He estimates that at the leadership level hires, Pune will eventually help companies to save around 10 per cent on compensation.
Pune is the preferred choice for talent not only from Mumbai and other parts of Maharashtra, but also from cities like Bangalore, Gurgaon, Hyderabad and Calcutta. From the standpoint of companies, it is an attractive destination due to the cost advantage in terms of real estate, as well as people.
Rentals in Pune, for instance, are 40 per cent to 50 per cent lower than those in Mumbai, says Anuj Puri, chairman and India country head of Jones Lang LaSalle, a global real estate services firm.
"Mumbai is becoming untenable for most people with commuting getting increasingly tougher and a very high cost of living.With several bank back offices setting up shop in Pune and strengthening their manpower, it is good that it will set up a talent pool," says K Sudershan, managing partner — India and regional VP — Asia, EMA Partners International. Adds Singh, "To move talent from Mumbai to Pune, companies have to offer a 15 per cent to 20 per cent hike on base compensation compared with 25 per cent to 30 per cent that they might normally offer. However, the bigger positive impact will be attrition management and real estate cost advantage."
The city has an existing presence of IT product and services organisations, as also captives. "The willingness of the talent base to relocate to Pune is also due to the good quality of residential infrastructure and relatively lower commute time," says Subrahmanyam. Attractive SEZs and good corporate infrastructure with the availability of quality talent has made Pune an attractive destination for corporates to set up their GICs.
The city is also relatively more cosmopolitan compared with emerging locations like Chennai, Hyderabad, says Dhvani Anjaria, specialist for support functions hiring at Vito India Advisors, a BFSI search firm. For Citibank, Pune is becoming very strategic, with its global inhouse centre Citi Technology Center planning to scale up staff strength to 2,500 from 1,200. "The plan is to continue to leverage the availability of the city's large talent base," says Subrahmanyam.
  The current talent base at Citi's GIC in Pune has professionals from Mumbai, Delhi, NCR, Bangalore, Hyderabad and other cities. Around 8 per cent employees have moved from Delhi and NCR, 10 per cent from Bangalore, 7 per cent from Hyderabad and other cities. Deutsche Bank, which is the latest to set up its back office — DBOI Global Services India — in Pune this year, has moved about 600 people from Mumbai, an industry source said. DBOI refused to share numbers though.
"Pune is an attractive destination for banks' in-house centres. We recently set up a centre in Pune and are pleased with its build out and growth. Our staffing is a mixture of local hiring of talent as well as some colleagues who relocated to Pune from our Mumbai office," says Manoj Yadav, managing director and head of Deutsche Bank Group's in-house centre for India.
Facilities and living comforts apart, Pune also has a high availability of talent across business areas. "Pune has a large number of world class educational institutions and hence there is a constant supply of high quality talent which is absorbed by companies based there," says Yadav. "Candidates from across different cities with experience in functional areas such as operations, finance and technology were open to moving to Pune," he adds.
"With urban infrastructure, moderate cost of living and good governance, Pune has all it needs to attract employees. It's also known as the Oxford of the East, with ample colleges and schools for children's education," says an HSBC spokesperson.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Flat Ahead of Inflation  IIP DataYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Flat; Midcap, Smallcap Stocks Outshine
NDTV | Updated On: September 12, 2014 11:26 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled today as investors remained cautious ahead of inflation and factory output data to be released later in the day.
Mixed global markets and a volatility in the rupee also weighed on sentiment.
However, midcap and smallcap stocks continued to outperform the frontline stocks. The BSE midcap and smallcap indices were up nearly 0.2 per cent.
Market analyst Rajat K Bose said though fundamentals of the economy are yet to catch up with the markets, positive sentiment is keeping the market supported. Higher participation from domestic investors is giving momentum to midcap and smallcap stocks, he adds.
Nifty faces resistance at the 8,126-8,143 zone and decisive close below 8,045 could lead to a deeper correction, he says.
Among major Nifty losers, Sun Pharma fell 2.7 per cent after its Taro unit recalled two lots of a key drug on September 2, citing failed content uniformity specifications, according to the US FDA.
Among gainers, Cipla, Bharti, Lupin and Asian Paints gained over 1 per cent.
Elsewhere, in other global markets, Asian shares traded mixed after a muted close on the Wall Street. Overnight, US stocks recovered from early losses, with the S&P 500 managing a slight gain.
The Sensex was up 16 points at 27,012 while Nifty was flat at 8,084. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 11:26 (IST)

L&T clinches NTPC order worth Rs 1 885 crL&T clinches NTPC order worth Rs 1,885 cr
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
L&T said it has secured a Rs 1,885-crore order from NTPC for setting up two 660-MW super critical steam generators for the Tanda Thermal Power Plant Stage-II.
The EPC (engineering, procurement and construction) contract has been obtained by L&T’s joint venture company L&T- MHPS Boilers.
L&T-MHPS is a joint venture between L&T (51 per cent) and Mitsubishi Hitachi Power Systems, Japan (49 per cent).
The project site is on the banks of the Tanda canal near Bahadurpur village in Ambedkar Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh.
The first unit is scheduled for completion in 46 months and the second in 52 months.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Today's Poll
Gold prices are falling. Will you invest now?
Yes

Titagarh Wagons to merge subsidiariesTitagarh Wagons to merge subsidiaries
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
Titagarh Wagons said that its board of directors had on September 11 has in-principle approved the merger of some of the subsidiaries of the company, including Titagarh Marine, with itself.
In a communication to the stock exchange, the company said the board has also authorised the restructuring committee to prepare a detailed scheme and table valuation reports and other information at its next meeting.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Today's Poll
Gold prices are falling. Will you invest now?
Yes

US threatened Yahoo with $ 250 000 a day fine over surveillanceBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Atul Auto hits new high after stock splitSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 09:35 AM IST
Atul Auto hits new high after stock split
The company has sub-divided face value of equity shares from Rs 10 each into two shares of Rs 5 each.
Shares of Atul Auto is trading higher by 3% at Rs 413 in early morning deals on National Stock Exchange after the stock was quoted ex-stock split from today.
The company engaged in two-three wheeler business had in a filing to the BSE on August 21 said it has fixed September 15, 2014 as record date for the purpose of sub-division of face value of equity shares from Rs 10 each into two share of Rs 5 each. However, the split has taken effect today itself.
Stock split increases liquidity of a stock as more retail investors start buying the share as it becomes affordable.
The stock opened at Rs 410 and touched a record high of Rs 419 on NSE. A combined 31,852 shares have changed hands on the counter in first 10 minutes of trade on NSE and BSE.
 

Prosecutor: Bodies of three babies found in filthyhousePress Trust of India | Blackstone | Posted: September 12, 2014 10:21 am
The bodies of three infants were found in a filthy house where four other children were removed by authorities last month, a Massachusetts prosecutor said.
Worcester County District Attorney Joseph Early Jr said authorities don’t know when or how the babies died and no one has been arrested in connection with their deaths. He said the state medical examiner will conduct an investigation.
Early said examination of the remains and the house has been complicated by what he called “deplorable” conditions. He said investigators have found flies, bugs, vermin and “piles of used diapers as much as a foot or two high.”
Early said four other children ranging age from 13 years old to 6 months old were removed from the house last month after a neighbour who discovered their living conditions notified police. He said the 6-month-old was found covered with feces lying on a bed.
The state Department of Children and Families said yesterday children who were living at the home are in state custody.
Early said it’s too soon to know if charges will be filed in the infants’ deaths, or against whom, because investigators don’t even know who was living at the home when they died.
It wasn’t immediately clear where the children’s parents were.

Suzuki to make India a manufacturing hub for...Suzuki to make India a manufacturing hub for bikes
By Pankaj Doval, TNN | 12 Sep, 2014, 09.18AM IST
0
Share More
The company plans to make India a manufacturing hub for motorcycles, which would be exported to countries in Latin America, Africa and the Middle East.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Suzuki Motorcycles India is developing four new products, including a 100cc motorcycle, which would be rolled out over the next two years.
The company plans to make India a manufacturing hub for motorcycles, which would be exported to countries in Latin America , Africa and the Middle East, apart from neighbouring countries, Atul Gupta , VP (sales and marketing) for Suzuki Motorcycles India, said as the company launched a new 155cc bike 'Gixxer' for Rs 72,199.
"Suzuki wants to boost its share in the Indian two-wheeler market. Work is on at its headquarters at Hamamatsu in Japan for developing four new two-wheelers for India — two scooters and two motorcycles," Gupta told TOI here.
Suzuki has not been able to replicate the success of its car business ( Maruti Suzuki ) in the two-wheeler space and has decided to focus on introducing newer products. Sources said company chairman Osamu Suzuki recently visited the company's two-wheeler factory in Haryana and took stock of the operations.
Suzuki has a little over 2% share of the Indian two-wheeler market and sold 3.6 lakh units last fiscal, a small share in total industry volumes of 1.48 crore units. The two-wheeler market is dominated by Munjals-owned Hero MotoCorp and Honda's fully-owned subsidiary, Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI).
Suzuki has been able to make some inroads into the scooter market where it has around 8% market share with models like the 125cc 'Access'. However, it is very weak into the big-volume motorcycle segment, which commands as much as 70% of the two-wheeler sales.
"We are hoping for a turnaround in our motorcycle sales with the Gixxer. The model will compete with the FZ from Yamaha, Apache from TVS and Pulsar from Bajaj Auto.
The company, which signed up film actor Salman Khan as a brand ambassador , currently sells the 110cc Hayate. However, the model has not been able to deliver the desired volumes. Gupta also said that Suzuki will increase the number of dealerships that the company has in India.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

US authorities threatened Yahoo with huge fine over surveillance‘US authorities threatened Yahoo with huge fine over surveillance’
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 12:  
US authorities threatened to fine Yahoo $250,000 a day if it failed to comply with a secret surveillance programme requiring it to hand over user data in the name of national security, court documents have showed.
The documents, made public in a rare unsealing by a secretive court panel, “underscore how we had to fight every step of the way to challenge the US government’s surveillance efforts’’, Yahoo general counsel Ron Bell said in a blog post that will again raise privacy concerns.
The documents shed new light on the PRISM snooping programme revealed in leaked files from former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.
The programme allowed US intelligence services to sweep up massive amounts of data from major Internet firms, including Yahoo and Google. Officials have said the deeply contentious programme ended in 2011.
The 1,500 pages of documents were ordered released by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court in the case dating from 2007, according to Bell, who said that in 2007, the US government “amended a key law to demand user information from online services’’.
“We refused to comply with what we viewed as unconstitutional and overbroad surveillance and challenged the US government’s authority,” he said.
Yahoo’s court challenge failed and it was forced to hand over the US user data.
“At one point, the US government threatened the imposition of $250,000 in fines per day if we refused to comply,” Bell revealed.
Since the Snowden leaks, Yahoo and others have been seeking to make public these court documents to show they were forced to comply with government requests and made numerous attempts to fight these efforts, rather than simply acquiescing to them, as some critics say.
The opening of these court dockers to the public “is extremely rare’’, Bell said, adding that the company was in the process of making the 1,500 pages publicly available online.
“We consider this an important win for transparency and hope that these records help promote informed discussion about the relationship between privacy, due process, and intelligence gathering,” Bell added.
But he said that “despite the declassification and release, portions of the documents remain sealed and classified to this day, unknown even to our team’’.
The redacted court records, seen by AFP, showed Yahoo challenged the government on constitutional grounds, saying the surveillance programme violated protections against unreasonable search and seizure.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Water reservoirs at 77% of capacity: GovtWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

Judge slaps $59-mn fine on HP for bribing Russian officialsJudge slaps $59-mn fine on HP for bribing Russian officials
PTI
Tweet
San Francisco, Sept 12:  
A judge has ordered US computer giant Hewlett-Packard to pay $58.8 million for bribing Moscow Government officials to win a big-money contract with Russia’s prosecutor general’s office.
Northern California US District Judge Lowell Jensen hit HP with the fine after the company pleaded guilty to violating anti-bribery and accounting provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the US Department of Justice had said in a release yesterday.
According to a negotiated plea bargain, executives in an HP Russia subsidiary created a multi-million-dollar slush fund, from which money was used to bribe Russian officials who awarded the company a $45-million (€35-million) contract with the Office of the Prosecutor General of Russia.
“Hewlett Packard’s Russia subsidiary used millions of dollars in bribes from a secret slush fund to secure a lucrative government contract,” principal deputy assistant attorney general Marshall Miller of the Justice Department’s Criminal Division said in a release.
“Even more troubling was that the government contract up for sale was with Russia’s top prosecutor’s office,” he said.
The plea deal came as part of an agreement by HP in April to pay $108 million to settle the investigations that it paid bribes to win public contracts in Russia, Poland and Mexico.
The settlement covers criminal and civil investigations under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, according to a statement from the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
According to authorities, the California company’s subsidiary in Russia paid more than $2 million in bribes through agents and various shell companies, using two sets of books and secret spreadsheets to keep track of affairs.
“For more than a decade, HP Russia business executives participated in an elaborate scheme that involved paying bribes to government officials in exchange for large contracts,” FBI Washington field office assistant director-in-charge Andrew McCabe said in a release.
In Poland, gifts and cash bribes worth more than $600,000 were paid to a Polish government official to obtain contracts with the national police agency.
And in Mexico, HP paid more than $1 million in commissions to a consultant to win a software sale to Mexico’s state-owned petroleum company Pemex, and some of that money was funnelled to a company official.
SEC investigators in April said HP lacked internal controls and allowed the bribes to be recorded “as legitimate commissions and expenses’’.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Sun Pharma  Ranbaxy extends fall on US FDA s surprise plant inspectionSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 10:00 AM IST
Sun Pharma, Ranbaxy extend fall on US FDA's surprise plant inspection
Sun Pharma down 3%, while Ranbaxy Laboratories plunged 5% on Bombay Stock Exchange.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries and Ranbaxy Laboratories have dipped up to 4% extending their previous day’s fall on reports of drug regulator, US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) conducting a surprise inspection of the Sun Pharma’s manufacturing plant at Halol in Gujarat.
Halol plant, one of the major facilities of Sun Pharma supplying to the US market, was last inspected in September 2012. According to sources, it contributes to around 40% of US sales and around 25% of consolidated profit of the company.
Sun Pharma was down 3.4% at Rs 795, extending its Thursday’s 4% fall on BSE. The stock opened at Rs 816 and touched a low of Rs 789 so far.
Ranbaxy Laboratories too plunged over 5% to Rs 590 on BSE. The stock dipped almost 10% in past two trading sessions from Rs 653 on September 10.
Results of the ongoing inspection at Sun Pharma's Halol plant would be significant given its importance to the companies US revenues as well as for its overall performance going forward. During FY2014, the US business accounted for the 60% of the overall sales of the company (Rs 16,000 crore), says Ms. Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP Research - Pharma, Angel Broking.
Going forward, after the merger with Ranbaxy Labs, its dependence on the region would reduce to around 45% of the expected sales in FY2016. Thus the share of the plant in the overall sales would reduce going forward (expected to be around 10% of sales in FY2016), while profitability could be impacted, given low profitability of Ranbaxy labs, in case of an adverse implication, though too early to call given that company has voluntary done some withdrawal and given the importance of the facility. In case of any adverse impact the company could witness a dip of around 15% from these levels, said Ms. Nangra.
Sun Pharma had announced the acquisition of Ranbaxy Laboratories for $4 billion in April 2014. Ranbaxy shareholders will get four shares of Sun Pharma for every five shares held by them.
 

Sun Pharma slips over 2% on FDA woesSun Pharma shares fall over 2%; slip for second day in a row on US FDA concerns
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 09.33AM IST
Tags:
debt
(The stock has fallen on reports…)
NEW DELHI: After falling 4 per cent in the previous session, shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals plunged as much as 2.3 per cent in trade on Friday amid reports that its Halol manufacturing plant in Gujarat has been subjected to surprise inspection by the American drug regulator United States Food and Drug Administration ( USFDA ).
At 09:20 a.m.; Sun Pharmaceuticals was trading 2.1 per cent lower at Rs 805.25. It has hit a low of Rs 802.45 and a high of Rs 815.95 in trade today.
This is the third such recall for Sun which agreed to buy troubled fellow drug maker Ranbaxy in March this year to create the world's fifth largest generic drug maker, ET reported.
Sarabjit Kour Nangra , VP- Research (Pharma), Angel Broking said it is learnt that Sun Pharma's manufacturing facility in Halol (Gujarat) is undergoing a surprise inspection by the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA). The move may have been triggered by a number of recent recalls from the plant, sources, familiar with the development."
The firm also announced plans to introduce an enabling resolution at its forthcoming shareholders meet to raiseRs 12,000 crore through a qualified institutional placement.
There are no plans to raise equity or debt and that this is just an enabling resolution as a similar permission from shareholders last year had lapsed, ET reported quoting Uday Baldota, the chief financial officer of Sun.
A QIP of the size mentioned in the resolution would be one of the largest in recent times, if it were to happen. Baldota declined to comment on the drug recall.
Warfarin is a significant drug for Taro which contributes onethird to Sun's revenue of Rs 3,927 crore and 4.5 per cent to Taro's sales of $130 million.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rupee trading weak at 60.95Rupee ends stronger at 60.66
Beena Parmar
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
Marking its biggest single-day gain in nearly a month, the rupee jumped 27 paise end higher at 60.66 against the dollar as banks and exporters sold the American dollars aggressively.
The domestic unit snapped its two-day losing streak to end at 60.93 on Thursday.
Friday, the unit opened weaker at 60.98 and further surpassed 61 levels to 61.02 per dollar maintaining caution ahead of retail inflation data that released after market hours.
India's annual consumer price inflation eased to 7.80 per cent in August. According to experts, this is a positive direction for the economy, however, does not provide enough room for RBI to cut interest rates.
Towards the end of the trading session, the rupee strengthened to 60.64 per dollar on dollar selling by banks and exporters.
Call rates rise; G-Sec yields flat
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short term funds from one another, ended higher at 7.95 per cent from the previous close of 7.70 per cent.
The 8.40 per cent government security maturing in 2024, rose a tad to Rs 99.31 from Thursday’s close of Rs 99.28, while its yield remained unchanged at 8.50 per cent.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

BSE Sensex recovers ahead of IIP  inflation dataMarket update: Sensex regains 27,000, Nifty ends above 8,100 ahead of eco data
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 17:14 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Snapping a three-day losing trend, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday rose 65 points to reclaim the 27,000-level and the broader Nifty gained 20 points to end above the 8,100-mark led by jump in shares of Cipla, ITC, HDFC ahead of industrial output and retail inflation data releases.
The 30-share BSE index resumed higher and moved side-ways in a range of over 100 points before ending at 27,061.04 - a rise of 65.17 points (or 0.24 per cent). It had lost almost 324 points in previous three sessions on caution due to worries over early rate hikes by US Federal Reserve, among others.
On a weekly basis, the BSE Sensex logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up 34.30 points.
The 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty reclaimed the 8,100-mark by recovering 19.80 points (or 0.24 per cent) to end at 8,105.50.
It had shed over 88 points in previous three days.
On a weekly basis, Nifty also logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up nearly 19 points.
The government is scheduled to release Industrial Production (IIP) data for July and inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for August 2014 at around 5:30 pm.
The rebound in benchmark indices was led by Cipla, Bharti Airtel, M&M, HDFC, HDFC Bank, HUL, ITC, SBI, Sesa Sterlite and TCS. Overall, 16 counters gained in the 30-scrip index.
Laggards included Hindalco, Sun Pharma, RIL, NTPC, L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank, CIL, Dr Reddy, BHEL and Tata Power.
Sectorally, the BSE Healthare Index gained the most by rising 0.74 per cent, followed by Consumer Durables index (0.72 per cent), Auto index (0.64 per cent), FMCG index (0.54 per cent) and Banking index (0.29 per cent).
Small-cap and mid-caps continued their upward journey. The BSE Midcap index gained 0.20 per cent and Smallcap index rose 0.50 per cent on sustained retail investor interest.
Meanwhile, Snowman Logistics made a stellar debut on the NSE with shares surging nearly 70 per cent.
Globally, Asian indices ended mixed. Europe barometers opened up ahead of a meeting of euro-area finance ministers.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 433.55 crore on Thursday, as per provisional data.

Sensex cautious; Hindalco down 3%: top 10 stocks hogging limelightSensex rangebound, Nifty trades near 8100; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 11.24AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The Nifty was at 8,092.05,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex was trading in a narrow range with a positive bias on Friday, led by gains in TCS, ITC, HDFC, RIL and ONGC.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was trading in a range but below its crucial psychological level of 8100, supported by gains in consumer durable, oil & gas, realty and FMCG stocks.
At 11:20 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26999.82, up 3.95 points or 0.01 per cent. It touched a high of 27,065.02 and a low of 26,966.96 in early trade.
The Nifty was at 8,082.35, down 3 points or 0.04 per cent. It touched a high of 8,102.95 and a low of 8,072.75 in early trade.
The domestic bourses were seen ending almost unchanged after a range bound session on Thursday. The upside move was also restricted as participants are keeping cautious view ahead of the Index of Industrial Production ( IIP ) and Consumer Price Index (CPI) numbers, which are scheduled on Friday.
"Keeping in mind the present scenario, we expect range bound yet volatile session on Friday. On the other hand, the broader market trend is still up so any further decline in index can be utilized by the traders for fresh buying," said Jayant Manglik, President-retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
"We maintain our positive view on banking, media & infra stocks for the next session," he added.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Coal India Ltd: Central trade unions have decided to oppose another 10 per cent divestment in Coal India, vowing to mobilize coal workers to "fight back" the decision.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.06 per cent lower at Rs 360.45.
Lakshmi Vilas Bank: Private sector lender aims to double its profits during the current financial year even as it has set a target of growing at 20 per cent year-on-year, according to a top official.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.1 per cent higher at Rs 75.60.
Maruti Suzuki Ltd: Buoyed by improved sentiment in domestic automobile market, Maruti Suzuki, the country's largest car maker, has scaled up its projection for growth in cars sales this financial year, said media reports.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 2956.
IDFC Ltd: Domestic institutional investors on Thursday lapped up infrastructure financier IDFC Ltd's Rs 1,000-crore qualified institutional placement (QIP).
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 148.05.
JSW Steel Ltd: Italian steelmaker Lucchini said on Thursday that it has received a binding offer from India's JSW Steel for its core assets in Piombino and is considering the offer.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.3 per cent lower at Rs 1333.
GMR Infrastructure Ltd: The company said its board of directors will meet next week to consider a proposal to raise funds through a rights issue. The infrastructure developer, which has interests in airports, energy and highways, did not specify the amount it was looking to raise, said media reports.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.8 per cent higher at Rs 25.35.
ICICI Bank Ltd: ICICI Bank is in the market to raise at least $500 million (Rs 3,000 crore) through dollar bonds, two bankers familiar with the matter said, as Indian businesses continue to take on global debt as rates remain at historic lows.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.12 per cent lower at Rs 1564.
TVS Motor Company: Leading two wheeler maker TVS Motor Company Ltd expects to make operations of its Indonesian subsidiary, PT TVS Motor, profitable during the current fiscal, a senior executive of the company said today.
At 09:50 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.83 per cent lower at Rs 227.70.
ITC & L&T: The government has lined up big bang stake sale in blue chip public sector stocks - Coal India, ONGC and NHPC - to raise over Rs 45,000 crore but has so far done little to offload its shares in ITC and Larsen & Toubro, which can help it mobilize another Rs 43,500 crore.
At 09:50 a.m.; ITC was trading 0.78 per cent higher while L&T was up 0.2 per cent to Rs 1600.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Short Tech Mahindra  buy HCL Tech: Gopi Suvanam08:00 am
Gopi Suvanam of InvestWorks told CNBC-TV18, "When it comes to IT stocks I split them into two categories, one with P/E above 20 and other with P/E below 20. I want to short because I think there will not be a fundamental big move otherwise. So I want to short stocks with P/E greater than 20 and then long stocks with P/E less than 20."
" Tech Mahindra is one stock I am looking to short and against that as a pair trade one can look at buying HCL Technologies  or we can also look at midcap names like Mindtree . So that can be a good pair trade," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Gayatri Projects bags order worth of Rs 158.92crSep 12, 2014, 11.05 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gayatri Projects bags order worth of Rs 158.92cr
Gayatri Projects in JV with SPL Infrastructure has bagged new order from NHAI worth of Rs 158.92 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gayatri Projects bags order worth of Rs 158.92cr
Gayatri Projects in JV with SPL Infrastructure has bagged new order from NHAI worth of Rs 158.92 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
Gayatri Projects Ltd has informed BSE regarding "New Order".  Gayatri Projects in JV with SPL Infrastructure has bagged new order from NHAI worth of Rs 158.92 crore.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Rupee recovers from initial losses  up 2 paise to 60.91 Vs USDRupee recovers from initial losses  up 2 paise to 60.91 Vs USD
Lender to affordable schools Varthana raises $4.4M from Omidyar  LGT... Naresh Patwari moves from ICICI Venture to join TA Associates as...Lender to affordable schools Varthana raises $4.4M from Omidyar  LGT... Naresh Patwari moves from ICICI Venture to join TA Associates as...
Dunkin Donuts enters Bangalore  to open 25 stores in India this yearDunkin Donuts enters Bangalore  to open 25 stores in India this year
Sun Pharma heads towards lowest close in a monthSun Pharma heads towards lowest close in a month
Snowman Logistics Shares Soar 70% on Market DebutSnowman Logistics Shares Soar 70% on Market Debut
Board of Cyient declares interim dividendBoard of Cyient declares interim dividend
Bayer CropScience to hold board meetingBayer CropScience to hold board meeting
Macquarie adds Tata Motors to  Asia Marquee Buy  listMacquarie adds Tata Motors to  Asia Marquee Buy  list
Protests about N. Korea flag ahead of Asian GamesProtests about N. Korea flag ahead of Asian Games
Sensex recovers 53 points ahead of IIP  inflation dataSensex recovers 53 points ahead of IIP  inflation data
India Inc discusses government s FDI stanceSunny Sen      Follow @SunnySen    Edition: Sep 14, 2014
Mixed feelings: (Standing, from left) Philips Capital India's Chhitiz Kumar, Boeing India's Pratyush Kumar, Business Today's Josey Puliyenthuruthel, Rahul Khanna of Canaan Partners, and Rohit Bansal of Snapdeal (Seated, from left): Amar Sinha of Wave Infratech, Kashmiri Lal of Swadeshi Jagaran Manch, Shachindra Nath of Religare Enterprises, and WD India's Subroto Das.
There was a surprise element at Business Today's CEO Lunch held on the 20th floor of the Le Meridien hotel in New Delhi on August 4. The topic of the discussion - moderated by Josey Puliyenthuruthel, Managing Editor of BT - was India's FDI Stance: Free or Calibrated Approach to Opening Up? And amid a gathering that included seven top industry honchos, was a unique guest - Kashmiri Lal, National Coordinating Secretary at Swadeshi Jagaran Manch (SJM), the economic wing of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh.
The new Narendra Modi-led government has announced plans to increase foreign direct investment (FDI) in sectors such as railways, insurance and defence. Over lunch, which lasted close to two hours, well beyond its stipulated time, Lal talked about how he would rather shut down companies such as US agriculture firm Monsanto and retail giant Wal-Mart than allow them to open shops. "If I ever become a dictator, I will shut down Monsanto... We should close down 'sharks' like Wal-Mart."
Kashmiri Lal, National Coordinating Secretary, Swadeshi Jagaran Manch.
Indeed, Wal-Mart has had a rough ride in India. It had to close its joint venture with Sunil Mittal's Bharti Retail. Wal-Mart, in fact, bought back Bharti's 50 per cent stake in their JV and is now on its own in the cash-and-carry business. But without 100 per cent FDI in multi-brand retail, Wal-Mart cannot open retail stores such as the ones it has back in the US.
If I ever become a dictator, I will shut down Monsanto and 'sharks' like Wal-Mart
KASHMIRI LAL
National Coordinating Secretary, Swadeshi Jagaran Manch
SJM, meanwhile, has in the past and recently opposed FDI in the country. Lal, however, was not entirely against it, saying that the government should bring out a 'white paper' on the subject. "The government should look at the past 20 to 22 years of FDI and see how it has impacted the nation."
Rohit Bansal, Co-founder/COO, Snapdeal.
On a lighter note, Lal's presence led a panellist to whisper: "I should think twice before speaking."
The government has to think a lot before allowing FDI in a sector
ROHIT BANSAL
Co-founder/COO, Snapdeal
Shachindra Nath, Group CEO at Religare Enterprises, a diversified financial services group, had some disagreements with Lal but he did agree that FDI should not be allowed in retail immediately. "India will be ready for FDI in retail in 20 years." Nath said that India, unfortunately, does not have the domestic pool of capital needed for overall growth.
"Hind Swaraj (Indian Home Rule) cannot be implemented. To feed our country we need FDI," said Nath, adding that Indian companies don't have the money, and neither does the government. Ninety per cent of the companies in India, in fact, are debt-ridden, suggesting that FDI is the only way to flow money in the hands of the people and companies. FDI should be used to grow entrepreneurship in the country, added Nath.
Pratyush Kumar, President, Boeing India.
FDI clearly seems to be important for the country, feels India Inc. "The world needs India to succeed. China and the US are slowing down," said Rahul Khanna, Managing Director at venture capital firm Canaan Partners, adding: "... Private sector has done a great job where the government has failed."
SJM's Lal intervened, saying: "Nobody gave us the super computer. Finally, we built it. Nobody gave us nuclear technology, we developed it... There has been more outflow of funds, at $31 billion, than inflow, which was $26 billion. We need to relook at FDI."
Defence has become so capital intensive that no country can do it alone
PRATYUSH KUMAR
President, Boeing India
As far as FDI in retail goes, there were a few apprehensions. "Not allowing FDI in multi-brand retail perhaps is a good decision, which protects smaller businessmen," said Amar Sinha, Executive Director at Wave Infratech, the real estate arm of the Wave group.
There was a heated debate on FDI in the defence sector. Pratyush Kumar, President of Boeing India, which manufactures and supplies defence products and services, said the sector should be completely opened up. "Capital chases returns... The defence sector has become so capital intensive that no country can do it on its own, not even the US. If (FDI) is done smartly it can bring a lot of potential to us," he said, adding: "Up from 26 per cent to 49 per cent is the step in the right direction." Even Lal admitted that FDI was needed in defence.
Shachindra Nath, Group CEO, Religare Enterprises.
Meanwhile, aggregate FDI inflow has gone down in the last five years, a worrying sign for many sectors. "Health-care and education also need FDI, beyond defence. You need to let companies come and settle down in India. You need to let them build their manufacturing base," said Chhitiz Kumar, Head - Philips Capital India and Government & Public Private Partnership (PPP) Business.
For Subroto Das, Head of WD India, a global storage company, FDI will help create more jobs and bring in more technology into the country. "You don't have a choice. FDI is a reality. It is about the pace of implementation." Das, however, did mention that China has very strict FDI regulations. Technology transfer, for instance, has to be done, which benefits the country.
India does not have the domestic pool of capital needed for overall growth
SHACHINDRA NATH
Group CEO, Religare Enterprises
Rohit Bansal, Co-founder and Chief Operating Officer of Snapdeal, India's biggest online marketplace, said that FDI should be used in such a way that it creates the right balance between creating jobs and helping consumers. "The government has to think a lot before allowing FDI in a sector."
The last comments were reserved for Lal. "FDI is a part (of growth) and not the overall growth." For Lal, the inputs at this event will definitely come in handy as he starts preparing for 'Swadeshi Sangam', a two-day convention organised by SJM. To be held later this year, it will discuss government policies on various issues, including FDI, and influence public opinion.
The event was sponsored by Wave.

Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus coming to India next monthThe devices will hit the US stores on September 19 and Apple enthusiasts in India need to wait less than a month only, unlike the long wait in the case of previous editions of the iPhone.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 10, 2014 7:08 pm | Updated: September 10, 2014 7:09 pm
Tech giant Apple Inc will make its new smartphones iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus available to customers in India from October 17.
The devices will hit the US stores on September 19 and Apple enthusiasts in India need to wait less than a month only, unlike the long wait in the case of previous editions of the iPhone.
Incidentally, the company makes the new smartphones available in the country in the midst of festive season.
Prices of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, however, have not yet been disclosed.
In the past, Apple smartphones were made available in India around November.
iPhone 5S for the 16GB version is retailing in India at about Rs 41,500.
Apple unveiled two thinner and larger screened smartphones, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6-Plus yesterday as the tech giant looks to fend off competition from Korean handset maker Samsung.
The company also unveiled its first wearable device Apple Watch, after years of rumours and speculation.
While the company website did not disclose a specific date for the availability of Apple Watch, the wearable device that comes with a price tag of USD 349, is expected to hit stores in 2015.
The smartphones and the smartwatch were launched at the Flint Centre in Cupertino, California, where the iconic Macintosh was first launched 30 years ago.
For the US, iPhone 6 will be priced at $199 (16GB), $299 (64GB) and $399 (128GB) with a two-year contract.
The iPhone 6 Plus will be available for $299 (16GB), $399 (64GB) and $499 (128GB) with a two-year contract.
Apart from the US, Canada, the UK and six other countries will have the sixth generation of the iPhone in stores from September 19, while other countries will follow later.
The iPhone 6 features a 4.7-inch display, while the iPhone 6 Plus has a 5.5 inch screen. Compared to a thickness of 7.6 mm of iPhone 5S, the sixth generation has a thickness of 6.9 mm (iPhone 6) and 7.1 mm (iPhone 6 Plus), respectively.
The devices feature Apple-designed A8 chips, which have 25 per cent faster processing power and up to 50 per cent faster graphics. The handsets feature 8MP iSight camera and support Voice over LTE. The iPhone 6 also has an improved face detection for selfies and group selfies.
For the fitness freaks, iPhone 6 has a barometer that senses air pressure to measure relative elevation. The iPhone can now tell if the user is going up molehills, mountains, etc.

Transfer of retirement funds become easierStory
Transfer it now
Online facility has made it much easier to apply for transfer of retirement funds. Give it a try
Teena Jain Kaushal        Edition: September 2014
Nidhi Chauhan, 33, applied for transfer of her employee provident fund , or EPF, amount to her account with the new employer. Even after months, neither her present nor her previous employer knew about the status of her application. While the present employer said it had forwarded the application, the previous one claimed it never received one. Resigning to her fate, Nidhi stopped following up the case. "It is easier to get a loan than to access your own EPF money. I had no clue where my money was. At one point my employer advised me to withdraw the money."
Like Nidhi, there are thousands of people who do not know how to get their PF money transferred. More important, they do not know how to follow up after applying for the transfer.
Consider this. As on March 2013, Rs 22,000 crore was lying unclaimed with the Employee Provident Fund Organisation, or EPFO, in accounts inactive for more than three years. This means this money is not earning any interest.
The EPFO has accepted time and again that delays in fund transfer give rise to a lot of dissatisfaction among subscribers. Realising this, it launched a portal on 2 October 2013 for online transfer of funds. Since then, more than 1.15 lakh people have applied online for transfer of funds. Of these, 90,000 claims have been settled; around 8,900 applications have been rejected.
The EPFO also also introduced a revised Form 13 (for fund transfer) in July 2013. You can submit it either to your present or to your previous employer. Earlier, you had to submit the form to your present employer. Choosing the previous employer saves time (See How EPF Money Gets Transferred).
There is, however, an exception to this. If the present employer comes under the exempted category (maintains a trust to manage money on its own), you can submit the form only with present employer. This is because in such a case the EPFO will need the bank account number and other details of the trust.
KK Jalan, Central PF Commissioner, says, "Earlier, there were three major reasons for delay. First, the documents were sent by post. Second, there was a problem in identifying in which EPFO office was the account of the previous employer. Third, there used to be a delay in transit of Annexure K. We have tried to resolve these issues through the online facility."
ONLINE CLAIM TRANSFER
After reading about the online facility, Nidhi again decided to file an application, this time online. "I decided to try the online route as I didn't want to lose out on interest income."
To her surprise, she could apply without hassle. "Things have improved a lot since I last applied," she says.
The interesting thing is that the online process has not only eliminated the delay in transit, it has also reduced the chances of your file going to the wrong EPFO office, which was one of the biggest reasons for late settlement of claims.
We bring you steps that you must follow while applying for online EPF transfer.
Step 1: Go to the EPFO website, epfindia.com.
Step 2: The home page will show a section called 'online transfer claim portal'. Click on it.
Step 3: Before logging in, check if you can apply online. If not, you will have to submit a physical copy of Form 13 to either your present or your previous employer.
Step 4: After checking the eligibility, log in and go to the claims section. There, click on 'request for transfer of funds'. 
Step 5: Form 13 will open. Fill your PF numbers with both previous and current employers and click on 'click here to get details'. The name and address of the establishment, the PF account held by the EPFO and your name will appear on the screen.
Step 6: Your date of joining, date of leaving and father/spouse's name also appear. This is to make sure that the money is transferred to the right account.
Step 7: You will be asked if you want to get the claim attested through your previous employer or your present employer
Step 8: You will have to type the characters shown in the text box and click on "Get Pin". You will then have to agree to the declaration in the form by clicking on "I Agree".
Step 9: Enter the PIN received on the registered mobile. The application is submitted.
Step 10: Tracking ID is generated.
Step 11: The form will be saved in the system. You have to take a printout of its PDF version, sign it and submit it to the employer within 15 days. Step 12: Note down the contact details of people authorised to sign on the form. These are shown after the form is submitted.
Step 13: Present and previous employers will verify your details electronically.
Step 14: Once approval comes from both employers, funds are credited to the member's account by the EPFO branch office.
Step 15: The employer plays an important role in this process by verifying the authenticity and signature of the employee.
The EPFO keeps you updated through SMSes. You can also track the application through the EPFO website.
PROBLEM AREAS
The process involves four entities-your present employer, your previous employer, the present EPFO office and the previous EPFO office.
Click here to Enlarge
As a result, you cannot blame one person or entity for the delay. While EPFO officials say the delay is mostly from employers' side, employers put the blame on the EPFO. The only sufferer is the member, who does not know how to take the case forward. Plus, there is a chance that your employer may not be aware of the online process and so asks you to submit the form physically. Don't give in to this suggestion. Online filing has made the system fast and transparent. Instead of asking your employer about the status of the application, you can now ask him to give reasons for the delay. With the EPFO helping you track the process online, the accountability of employers has increased manifold.
EPFO INITIATIVES
The EPFO plans to provide a universal account number to members by October 15. This will help millions deal with the problem of transfer of funds. At present, members get a new number with every job change.
Central PF Commissioner K K Jalan
In its plan for 2014-15, the EPFO has stated, "A universal account number will be allotted to the active members by 15 October 2014. Thereafter, coverage of other members will be taken up."
Once you get the universal number, you will not be required to apply for transfer of funds with every job change. Your funds will get transferred to the account with the new employer at the click of a button. You will need to submit KYC (know-your-customer) documents to your present employer so that they can verify your details. But for old accounts, you will still have to apply either in digital or physical form.
'Through online facility there is no paper movement between field offices. Moreover, the application goes to the right office'.
K K JALAN
Central PF Commissioner
The EPFO also plans to make all payments to its beneficiaries through the electronic mode. This will improve efficiency and reduce paper work. At present, 93% benefits are paid electronically.
WHAT TO DO?
Apply online. This will help you track the status of your application and at the same time help the EPFO keep a check on the employer for speedy settlement. If there is no response from the employer, the EPFO can always push it for attestation and verification. In case you are not eligible for online filing, give a physical copy of the transfer form to your previous employer to save time.
Universal account number will give you and your employer the option to go for faster transfer of funds. Till then, use the online facility.

Jaws actor from James Bond films Richard Kiel dies at 74FRESNO, California, September 11, 2014
Updated: September 11, 2014 08:23 IST
Jaws actor from James Bond films Richard Kiel dies at 74
AP
Tweet
AP In this Oct. 11, 2007 photo, actor Roger Moore (right) poses with actor Richard Kiel who played the role of Jaws in “The Spy Who Loved Me,” during a ceremony honouring Moore with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, in the Hollywood section of Los Angeles.
TOPICS
celebrity
Richard Kiel, the towering actor best known for portraying steel-toothed villain Jaws in a pair of James Bond films, has died. He was 74.
Kelley Sanchez, director of communications at Saint Agnes Medical Centre, confirmed on Wednesday that Kiel was a patient at the hospital and died. Kiel’s agent, Steven Stevens, also confirmed his death. Both declined to provide further details.
The 7-foot-2-inch (2.13 meter, 5-centimetre) performer famously played the cable-chomping henchman who tussled with Roger Moore’s Bond in 1977’s “The Spy Who Loved Me” and 1979’s “Moonraker.” Bond quipped of the silent baddie- “His name’s Jaws. He kills people.”
Despite appearing in several other films and TV shows, such as “The Man from U.N.C.L.E.” and “The Longest Yard,” the role of Jaws was an iconic one Kiel could never escape.
“To this day, I go out in sunglasses and a hat because people will shout ‘Hey, Jaws!’ at me from across the street,” he told the Daily Mail earlier this year. “The only way I can explain it is that he’s like the Road Runner, which Coyote keeps trying to blow up, but he keeps going.”
Kiel’s other memorable roles included bullying golf spectator Mr. Larson in “Happy Gilmore,” lethal Dr. Loveless’s assistant Voltaire in “The Wild, Wild West” and extraterrestrial Kanamit in “The Twilight Zone.” He also reprised the character of Jaws for several James Bond video games and voiced the thug Vlad in the animated Disney film “Tangled.”
Born in Detroit, Kiel began appearing in TV shows and films in the 1960s, debuting in an episode of the Western series “Laramie.” He published an autobiography in 2002 titled “Making It Big in the Movies.”

Indian Bofors: Bharat Forge to focus on defence techBaba Kalyani
(Bharat Forge has also…)
MUMBAI: Flashback to 1999, and the Kargil war. The military is forced to abort missions due to heavy casualties. Then it decides to deploy the controversial Bofors gun to destroy Pakistani outposts from various vantage points. The strategy pays off, but the military realises it will soon run out of ammunition to feed the howitzers.
At the urging of army commanders, the defence ministry turns to Baba Kalyani and his company Bharat Forge to make shells for its Bofors 155mm howitzers. Kalyani, chairman of the Bharat Forge Group, recalls how the company got the "emergency order" to make 1 lakh shells. That's how the company's ability to turn out high-quality products at short notice, which helped burnish its global reputation in the auto parts industry, came to play a role in history.
More than a decade since then, the group led by flagship Bharat Forge is ready with artillery equipment that the Indian defence forces will soon start testing. This puts it nicely in place to take advantage of the Narendra Modi government's initiative to encourage greater private participation in the defence sector.
"A lot of emphasis on local manufacturing of defence products has been put by the current government. Thus, companies like us, who've taken defence seriously, are now production-ready," Kalyani told ET in an exclusive interview.
The government has also opened up the sector to more overseas investments to persuade foreign companies to transfer technology to Indian firms. To those who would question the competence of a forging company entering the high-tech defence space, Kalyani said manufacturers such as Bharat Forge are especially well-qualified to do so.
"Companies like us from basic industries such as metallurgy and forging are the ones that are engaged in defence worldwide," he reasoned. For its artillery equipment venture, the Indian company has a joint venture with Elbit Systems, an Israeli defence equipment maker. The venture will initially work on the 155mm howitzer modernisation programme.
Bharat Forge has also built a howitzer from scratch that Kalyani says has far greater firepower than even the Bofors gun that's currently in use. "Our artillery gun would be better than Bofors," he asserted.
"On the operational parameter, it is better in terms that it can move at 25 km an hour on its own, and the gun would take 52 calibre rounds compared with the 39 calibre of Bofors. It would have 'steer by wire', which the Bofors guns do not possess," he said.
By late September or early October, the Indian Army will start testing Bharat Forge's artillery equipment. An ultra light gun will be ready for testing by late September while trials of the 155mm artillery gun will start by December. A 155mm ultra light gun will be ready for testing by the middle of next year.
The company is also actively scouting for opportunities in the small arms space, although the government is yet to give permission to private companies to manufacture such weapons. Bharat Forge decided to diversify away from the automobile sector after the global economic turmoil hit in 2008 and plant capacity had to be idled.
"We did a couple of things. We tightened costs and adopted lean manufacturing processes. We invested heavily in R&D to develop new products" to mitigate the effects of the slump. But "when the Indian economy got battered, we too got battered in the process". This forced the company to look at sectors it could enter by leveraging its metallurgical and forging prowess. Components for the shale gas fracking, aerospace, offshore oil & gas exploration and defence industries were shortlisted.
  While bets on offshore oil & gas and shale gas have paid rich dividends thanks to orders from US companies, components for aerospace equipment will need more time to develop and test. The company will focus on India for its defence equipment strategy over the next decade.
"Unless we are recognised in the domestic market, who will acknowledge us abroad?" Kalyani asked. The defence market is a potentially massive one. India's defence imports are currently worth about $20 billion a year, accounting for about 70-75 per cent of its total requirements, Kalyani said.
Along with the offset clause, any other mandatory local manufacturing requirements would be a very big opportunity for Indian companies. An offset clause relates to the local-manufacturing pledge an overseas company needs to make in return for orders. Kapil Singh and Nishit Jalan of Nomura didn't put a number to the defence opportunity in a July 30 research report.
"With the focus of the Indian government on local sourcing and hike in FDI in defence to 49 per cent, the revenue opportunity for the company would be very large but difficult to build in our earnings estimates," they said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  Afghanistan to intensify security  defence cooperationYou are here: Home > Collections > Afghanistan
India, Afghanistan to intensify security, defence cooperation
PTI Sep 10, 2014, 05.48PM IST
Tags:
Afghan government
(India's assurance was conveyed…)
KABUL: India today assured all possible help to the Afghan people to realise their vision of a strong, independent and prosperous Afghanistan as the two countries agreed to intensify cooperation in areas like security, defence and reconstruction work in the war-torn country.
India's assurance was conveyed by External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj who called on Afghan President Hamid Karzai and held a wide-ranging talks on political and security situation, ahead of the NATO drawdown later this year.
During the meeting, the two sides agreed to intensify cooperation in areas like security and defence.
Swaraj also inaugurated a new USD 40 million Indian Embassy building in the heart of Afghan Kabul , featuring an integrated security system.
"This is critical decade of transformation for Afghanistan. India will always be Afghanistan's first strategic partner and we will always share Afghan people's vision of a strong, independent, united and prosperous Afghanistan for which so many Afghans sacrificed so much," Swaraj said while inaugurating the Embassy building.
"India is prepared to do whatever is possible, whichever capabilities and means, to work with Afghan government and its people to realise this vision.
"India is here to stay," she said.
During her meeting with Karzai, Swaraj expressed India's strong commitment to continue extending its all possible help to Afghanistan to meet various challenges and conveyed that it will remain engaged in the country's reconstruction activities in a significant way.
India has invested USD two billion in aid and reconstruction and trained scores of Afghan officers.
Both the sides underlined the need for expanding trade ties.
Swaraj, who is on her first visit here as External Affairs Minister, drove straight from the airport to presidential palace where she held talks with Karzai on various key issues.
Sources said entire political situation was also discussed during the meeting.
Swaraj said India will speed up various development projects in Afghanistan.
As NATO forces prepare to withdraw from the country, Afghanistan wants India to help it in meeting security challenges. Afghanistan has been pressing India for supply of military hardware and weapons system to it.
Sources said Afghan side conveyed to India its security needs.
Karzai has already given a "wish-list" to India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India increases defence trainings in Asia  Africa and Latin AmericaGlobal strategic move: India increases defence trainings in Asia, Africa and Latin America
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 5, 2014, 03.53AM IST
(Apart from Namibia and Ethiopia,…)
NEW DELHI: India is subtly increasing defence training programmes in friendly countries in southeast Asia Africa and Latin America, with a global strategic objective.
Besides training military officers and personnel of Afghanistan, Myanmar, Bangladesh, Asean, African and Latin American nations in domestic training facilities, Indian trainers are also visiting countries like Laos and Vietnam and Namibia and Ethiopia to impart military training, official sources told ET.
These are friendly countries with which India has extensive diplomatic contacts, sources pointed out. The training is not just about combat readiness but also involves basic modules like rock climbing and assisting in building infrastructure in these countries.
While in Southeast Asia, India is eyeing to play a larger strategic role, military cooperation with the African countries is in the context of maritime security cooperation and anti-piracy operations. "The defence cooperation with Africa has also to be viewed in the context of South-South cooperation," explained an official who did not wish to be named.
Apart from Namibia and Ethiopia, Indian defence trainers are extending cooperation to other countries of Africa that are not facing civil war. Ethiopia has been a key political and economic partner in East Africa. Namibia in South West Africa has political relations with India since the days of its anti-colonial movement and has also signed a uranium supply deal with India.
Deba Mohanty, a Delhi-based defence expert told ET that the Narendra Modi government has the political will to expand defence cooperation globally in the coming days. The officers and personnel from the Afghan National Army is being trained in India since the fall of Taliban in 2001 and the number of trainees has increased significantly in recent times, sources said. Military of ficers from Myanmar also receive training in India following closer defence links between the two countries.
Bangladesh, which did not send many military officers earlier to India is now deputing several personnel for training in India. India-Bangladesh relations have seen a marked improvement since 2009 and service chiefs and high-ranking officials from both countries have been visiting each other's country in the last few years. Besides training programs for these developing countries, India also trains military personnel from Singapore and Oman under self-financing scheme.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Festive cheer: Why airlines are offering cheap faresAirlines offer low fares even as festive season kicks in
Anirban Chowdhury, ET Bureau Sep 11, 2014, 06.46AM IST
Tags:
AirAsia India
(REPRESENTATIVE IMAGE:…)
MUMBAI: Indian carriers are selling tickets cheap even with the start of the festive season, the only time they can increase fares, an indication that airline companies may find it tough to make up for the throwaway fares they have been offering all year round.
"It is true that airlines are taking longer this year to hike fares, though that will happen in a few weeks," said Rajji Rai, chairman of Swift Group, a travel company. "To that extent, demand is definitely lower," he added.
The average 60-day fare in sectors such as Delhi-Mumbai, Mumbai-Bangalore and Mumbai-Goa is about Rs 3,200, about 20% lower than last year, according to Samyukth Sridharan, chief operating officer at travel portal Cleartrip.
On popular international sectors such as Delhi-Dubai and Mumbai-Hong Kong, the two-month advance fare is Rs 10,500, about 10% lower than the same period last year, said Sridharan.
The primary reason for this is oversupply, said experts. "The gap between demand and supply has increased more than ever. There are some airlines such as Jet which are curtailing loss-making flights but most others are still adding capacity," said a senior airline executive who didn't want to be identified.
This will worsen as AirAsia India , which started flying earlier this year, expands its network and other airlines such as the Tata Sons-Singapore Airlines venture Vistara begin operations, the executive said.
There are other reasons, too. Airline executives say the price war that should have stopped by September is still on.
"SpiceJet still has offers into September, which IndiGo and Go Air follow, and so we have to emulate as well," said a Jet Airways executive who didn't want to be named.
Customers have also planned their trips and holidays over the year and no longer wait for the festive season to travel.
"Both SpiceJet and IndiGo have announced fares throughout the year. The ones they are announcing now encompass entire 2015. The customer has many more options," said Rai.
While the delay in increasing fares may affect the margins of airlines, low fares have spurred bookings.
Sridharan said domestic bookings at Cleartrip have doubled while international sales have risen 35% on year.
"Also, while airlines were earlier filling 20% of their flights before the festive season, now they are filling 40%," said Vinay Gupta, founder and CEO of Trip Factory.
Sridharan said the sales have thrown up some interesting trends in terms of choices of destinations for the holidays. For instance, Mysore and Puducherry have emerged among the top five destinations for the long weekend spanning October 2-5, which includes Gandhi Jayanti and Dussehra.
Airline executives say it may not be too late to reap the benefits of the festive season.
"Our internal deadline is till September 15. If SpiceJet doesn't come up with any offers till then, we shall hike fares," said the Jet Airways executive.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt optimistic ahead of Xi s visit  eyes investmentYou are here: Home > Collections
Government voices optimism ahead of China president Xi Jinping 's visit, eyes investment
Reuters Sep 11, 2014, 09.20AM IST
Tags:
Ajit Doval
( Xi was likely to announce…)
NEW DELHI: Indian officials voiced optimism on Wednesday that a visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping next week will open a new chapter in relations between the Asian giants, with hopes high for investment deals to narrow a yawning trade deficit.
Trade minister Nirmala Sitharaman raised expectations ahead of the Sept. 17-18 visit, saying Xi was likely to announce investments in industrial parks and help set the course for smoother cooperation between the two nations.
"We hope that during this visit the Chinese and Indian relationship of the last 50-60 years would see a directional change," Sitharaman told reporters.
She echoed comments from India's National Security Advisor Ajit Doval . Several newspapers quoted him on Wednesday as saying that ties with China could take an "orbital jump" under the leadership of Xi and India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi .
Speaking in Beijing, Doval, a hawkish former spy chief who is close to Modi, said the two nations' disputed border would also be discussed on the trip.
Although their commercial ties have rapidly strengthened, the two nations still disagree on where their Himalayan border lies, after China beat India in a war in the region in 1962. To this day, each side claims areas of the other's territory.
INDUSTRIAL PARKS
Trade minister Sitharaman said the government was also in talks with Chinese companies to set up production in India.
China plans to invest some $7 billion in two industrial parks in western India, including one in Prime Minister Narendra Modi's home state of Gujarat, Indian media reported last week.
Sitharaman signed a memorandum of understanding to establish the industrial parks during a visit to China in July.
On his first day in India, Xi is expected to visit Gujarat, where Modi headed the state government until becoming prime minister in May.
Two-way trade totalled $65.9 billion last year, but $51 billion of that was exports from China. India hopes that Chinese investment in the industrial parks will offset the deficit and help India emulate its neighbour's success as a manufacturing powerhouse.
Sitharaman said she was also seeking greater market access for Indian products and services in the Chinese market. India has struggled to improve export conditions for its pharmaceuticals and IT services.
"We have discussed a range of issues with China. These also included bullet trains. Whether there will a be agreement or not during the visit, you will have to wait for that," Sitharaman told reporters.
Modi has launched a "Make in India" drive since taking office to drum up foreign investment. He came back from a trip to Japan last week with a promise of $35 billion in infrastructure investment.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  China to ink film production pact during Xi Jinping s visitIndia, China to ink film production pact during Xi Jinping's visit
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 10, 2014, 06.30PM IST
Tags:
Bollywood
(The agreement between Ministry…)
BEIJING: Bollywood , which has captured the imagination of people of different cultures around the world, has its task cut out in film diplomacy with India's largest neighbour, where centuries-old cultural familiarities have failed to build confidence.
A solution to the boundary dispute may have eluded China and India but both nations are trying hard to build trust by popularising each other's movies. A big step towards this will be taken when the two sides sign an agreement for joint film co-production during President Xi Jinping's visit to India from September 17-19 that is being billed as trust building exercise under the new government in Delhi.
"Both have huge film industries and these industries will be linked soon following the pact," the Director-General of Film Bureau of China, Zhang Hongsen, told a select group of journalists at his office in Beijing on Wednesday. He said that China and Indian film industry were developing a good relationship. China will be partner country at the Indian International Film Festival in Goa this November, Zhang said.
He will travel to Delhi along with China's Information Minister to ink the pact. Besides trade and investments, both countries are looking to use culture to engage with each other, not withstanding language barriers. Aamir Khan-starrer, Three Idiots, was a huge success in China as its dubbed version was screened in many theatres. Dhoom 3 too caught the imagination of the people of China, who have not seen many Hindi movies.
Very few Indian movies have so far been shot in China and viceversa. But this can change soon following the co-production pact. The pact, which will be an umbrella agreement, will also involve other audio visual cooperation between the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting and its Chinese counterpart. China's film industry produces around 700 films per year.
Nearly 10 per cent of it are co-produced with foreign countries. Chinese films made $3.6 billion box-office receipts last year. It was just $100 million 10 years ago. There are 22,000 digital screens across China out of which 90 per cent are 3d screens. There are also 200 IMAX screens and 150 giant screens (20mX30m) Zhang said Chinese directors were now choosing India as locations. Two Chinese movies in recent times were shot there. Indian directors can also look to China as locations, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China may open up services sector for international companiesChina may open up services sector for international companies
Dipanjan Roy Chaudhury, ET Bureau Sep 11, 2014, 01.22AM IST
Tags:
Dr Reddys Laboratory
(Cumulative Indian investments…)
FUJIAN: In what could be music to the ears of Indian investors particularly from the services sector, China has indicated that it will steadily open up it's service sector for international firms and continue relaxing restrictions on international investments.
Beijing claims that foreign investment into the service industry has risen and indicated that opening up of health sector is on the cards. This could be encouraging news for India's healthcare industry, according to official sources.
In fact opening up of health sector was a keenly followed topic at the 18th China International Fair for Investment and Trade Fair for Investment and Trade in Xiamen, Fujian province earlier this week.
Cumulative Indian investments in China till Oct 2012 was 470 million usd. Most Indian firms have a presence in Shanghai, commercial capital of China.
The prominent Indian firms present in China include Reliance Industries , TCS , Infosys , Wipro , Mahindras , Dr Reddys Laboratory and Tata Sons .
Besides many PSU banks have a presence in China, besides offices by ICICI and Axis. China's Vice Premier Wang Yang who addressed this fair on Monday said his country will focus on introducing advanced technology, managerial experience and build various market oriented systems in accordances with international practices.
He indicated that China will steadily open up finance, education, healthcare and culture sectors.
Foreign investments in China exceeded 1.5 trillion usd by the end of this July. Its FDI inflow was 123.9 bn usd in 2013, according to the country's commerce ministry.
As many as 800,000 firms in China had foreign capital investment. But investments big four global investors --USA, UK, France and Germany are still not high in China. But according to UNCTAD , China was the second biggest recipient of FDI in 2013.
It will be Fujian province that will be focal point for ambitious maritime Silk Road proposed by President Xi Jinping to connect China to global trade via new sea link by linking regional countries including India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Vistara launch may get delayed by couple of monthsYou are here: Home > Collections > Singapore
Vistara launch may get delayed by couple of months
PTI Sep 10, 2014, 08.13PM IST
Tags:
Airbus
(The airline, which is slated…)
NEW DELHI: The launch of Vistara, the Tata- Singapore Airlines joint venture airline, may get delayed by a couple of months due to regulatory approvals, officials said today.
The airline, which is slated to get its first Airbus A-320 soon, had earlier announced plans to start operations in October.
The proposed carrier would have to complete various formalities before the aviation regulator DGCA gives it the flying licence or the Scheduled Operator's Permit (SOP), the officials said.
As part of the major formalities, the plane which arrives here would have to be painted in Vistara colours.
It would then have to carry out a number of proving flights before the aviation regulator DGCA grants it clearance to launch services by granting it the airworthiness certificate, they said, adding that the painting would have to be done in Singapore.
The full-service carrier would also have to prepare the flight, operations and engineering manuals and get them approved by the DGCA, the officials, who requested anonymity, said, adding that all this would take at least a couple of months.
An airline spokesperson said, "Vistara is working very closely with the regulators to ensure all requisite requirements and processes are being complied with."
Delhi-based Vistara is a 51:49 joint venture between Tata Sons and Singapore Airlines and the two stakeholders have said they would put in a total investment of $ 100 million.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Airlines play saviour in Jammu and Kashmir floodsAirlines play saviour in Jammu and Kashmir
Anirban Chowdhury, ET Bureau Sep 10, 2014, 06.34AM IST
Tags:
airlines
(Thousands of people are…)
MUMBAI: India's travel companies and airlines are facing massive cancellations on trips to Srinagar well into the middle of October, spooked by furious floods in the state that has claimed more than 100 lives, caused irreparable damage and made communication almost impossible.
But Indian carriers, especially low-cost airlines are trying their best to help the people from the state by waiving cancellation fees, offering low fares out of Srinagar and flying plenty of relief material pro bono for others and on their own into the region.
"We have seen a very big jump in cancellations in the last 2-3 days: triple or possibly quadruple (compared to last week)," Samyukth Sridharan, president and chief operating officer of Cleartrip told ET. He added that people are scared enough to cancel bookings till the long weekend starting October 2, for which Srinagar was one of the top five popular destinations this year.
Manoj Samuel, director at Riya Travels, one of India's biggest offline travel companies also said that entire groups have cancelled bookings to Srinagar in the past few days. Thousands of people are still stranded in Srinagar as the worst flood in 60 years still has most of the city submerged in water. The Indian army and air force have intensified relief operations and have managed to evacuate more than 6,000 people from the destination.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced Rs 1,000 crore of special assistance to the state and Rs 5 crore as relief fund for the flood- affected people in Srinagar. Corporates have also pitched in. Anand Mahindra, vice-chairman of the Mahindra Group recently tweeted that his group has pledged Rs 2 crore for the relied fund. Following the DGCA's mandate on September 8, airlines have waived off charges for passengers cancelling trips to Srinagar.
"Jet Airways has further extended the waiver for refund/ reissue penalties on all confirmed tickets issued for travel into/ out of Srinagar till September 14, 2014," said a statement from the airline.
"We are offering full refunds or rescheduling trips for customers who have booked our holiday packages to J&K until September 15th," said Sharat Dhall, president of Yatra. But airlines are doing more. Indi-Go, for example, is carrying medicines and blankets on all its flights. "500 sandwiches and 500 bottles of water have been sent with almost every flight. These will be air dropped by IAF helicopters in the worst affected areas," said a spokesperson for the airline.
Including that so far 3,297 kgs of relief supplies have been sent to Srinagar. The airline has delayed flights so it can rescue as many passengers as possible from the flood hit area. It has even delayed flights from Delhi to carry relief items to Srinagar SpiceJet is carrying 5.5 tonnes of relief materials free of cost to Srinagar everyday, a spokesperson said.
It has especially deputed executives to make for smooth travel for passengers trying to get out of the city. A spokesperson from Air India said it has two aircraft on standby so they can be deputed for rescue operations into Srinagar.
FEATURED ARTICLES

NBA Legend Selling Oceanview Estatenba legend selling oceanview estate
Profit booking drags Sensex below 27K; mid smallcap shineSep 11, 2014, 05.57 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Profit booking drags Sensex below 27K; mid & smallcap shine
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices were up 1-1.5 percent. The Midcap index gained for the ninth consecutive session while Smallcap rallied for the fifth straight day.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Profit booking drags Sensex below 27K; mid & smallcap shine
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices were up 1-1.5 percent. The Midcap index gained for the ninth consecutive session while Smallcap rallied for the fifth straight day.
Post your opinion here
16:35
Moneycontrol Bureau
Equity benchmarks fell for the third consecutive session on Thursday but the broader markets retained their outperformance supported by fertiliser, PSU banks, technology, auto and auto ancillary stocks.
The 30-share BSE Sensex closed below the 27000 level, down 61.54 points to 26995.87 while the 50-share NSE Nifty fell 8.40 points to 8085.70. However, the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices were up 1-1.5 percent. The Midcap index gained for the ninth consecutive session while Smallcap rallied for the fifth straight day.
Experts feel the current pullback is a good thing as it would help the market to consolidate and build a strong base for the next leg of upmove. Infact, they advise buying on these dips because fundamentals of the economy started improving.
" I don't think the correction worries me at all . On the contrary it is quite positive... it gives an opportunity to people who were left out, it gives an opportunity for the additional money to come in at lower price points, lower valuations," said Kunj Bansal, ED & CIO, Centrum Wealth Management, adding that overall the market continued to be in an uptrend.
According to Nitin Jain, principal investment manager, Kotak Mahindra (UK) Partner, earnings growth will be the key driver for Indian stock market from hereon.
State-run oil & gas producer ONGC, top coal miner Coal India and hydro power generation company NHPC were down 3.6 percent, 3.5 percent and 4.9 percent, respectively after cabinet committee on economic affairs approved stake sale in these companies. The government will sell 5 percent stake sale in ONGC, 10 percent in Coal India and 11.36 percent in NHPC.
Drug maker Sun Pharma topped the buying list, down 4.3 percent on US drug regulator's surprise audit at the company’s Halol facility (which contributes 40 percent of US sales and 25 percent to consolidated profit) in Gujarat. In a ripple effect, Ranbaxy Labs, which is going to be a subsidiary of Sun soon, fell 4.6 percent.
Tata Motors declined 0.4 percent on reporting 11 percent degrowth month-on-month in August sales by UK subsidiary Jaguar Land Rover. Utility vehicle maker Mahindra and Mahindra fell for the second day, down 0.65 percent.
Top private sector lenders ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank saw marginal loss but rival Axis Bank gained 0.2 percent as Macquarie maintains outperform rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 447. According to the brokerage, the stress on incremental asset quality of the bank is easing.
However, PSU banks saw huge buying interest with the top lender State Bank of India gaining 1.9 percent. Syndicate Bank, Union Bank, Bank of India, OBC and Allahabad Bank gained 2.5-4 percent.
Among others, state-run power equipment maker BHEL, private power producer Tata Power, FMCG major HUL and two-wheeler maker Hero Motocorp climbed 1-1.5 percent.
Largecap IT stocks were mixed in trade but midcap IT names were strong in trade. TCS and Wipro fell 0.3 percent and 1.4 percent, respectively while Infosys rose 0.4 percent but Polaris Financial Technology and HCL Infosystems rallied 5 percent each.
In the broader space, new F&O additions like Eicher Motors, Motherson Sumi, Mindtree, SKS Microfinance and TVS Motor rallied 2-9 percent.
Fertiliser stocks too were in action today with the GNFC, Chambal Fertilisers, Coromandel International, FACT, Madras Fertiliser, National Fertilisers and Zuari Agro Chemical surged 4-11 percent.
Gujarat State Fertilizers and Chemicals was locked at 20 percent upper circuit on company’s bullish outlook and confidence. In an analyst and fund manager meet the management said turnover of the company will rise to Rs 15000 crore over next five years. It is expecting FY15 to deliver almost 100 percent growth in profitability as fertiliser business has picked up.
Among others, HOEC, Future Consumer, Texmo Pipes, Balaji Telefilms, Gabriel India, Maxwell Industries, Abbott India and Infinite Computer spiked 10-20 percent.
About two shares advanced for every one share declining on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
14:00

How the Apple Watch would look like if it came with a circular displayThe smarthome is heading fast towards a mass-market reality 2 days ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Red tape impedes doing business in IndiaRed tape impedes doing business in India: Vodafone
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 12:11 IST
Vodafone India head Marten Pieters.
World's second-largest telecom firm Vodafone , which is facing taxation issues in India, Thursday said it is difficult for foreign companies to do business in the country because of slower government clearances.
Vodafone India head Marten Pieters said the company had sought government's approval in December last year to bring in funds from the parent company to buy airwaves but the clearance is still awaited.
"Yes, it is difficult to do business in India, that's the general perception I think of foreign companies and that is not just in telecom," he said speaking at Economist India Summit in New Delhi.
The British telecom firm is facing a tax liability of over Rs 11,200 crore, along with interest, on its 2007 acquisition of Honk Kong-based Hutchison Whampoa's stake in India's telecom major, Hutchison Essar.
He, however, added that the process for doing business in India "can be made much easier, much smoother by just removing a few things."
On spectrum auctions due in February 2015 and raising equity for it, Pieters said: "I have no answer, I got to know last week that the officer dealing with the file has retired."
Telecom industry in India is in a mess and it is a result of thinking that more the competition the better it is, Pieters said Thursday.
He also said industry structure is a government responsibility and he has seen "very little action" to change this system.
"The telecom industry, if you look at it from international perspective is a mess in India ... and it seems to come from this concept which has been developed in the past that the more competition, the better," Pieters said.
"The industry structure is a problem of the government because spectrum, which is our raw material is in a limited form available and if you get too many players, then you get this problem where nobody has enough spectrum," he said.
 

Liberian official: country is at war with EbolaHealth workers carry load the body of a woman that they suspect died from the Ebola virus, onto a truck in front of a makeshift shop in an area known as Clara Town in Monrovia, Liberia. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Monrovia | Posted: September 11, 2014 8:10 pm
Liberian officials are saying their country is at war with Ebola, and so many people are infected that the capital alone will need at least 1,000 beds in isolation units.
That squares with a World Health Organization estimate from earlier this week. The agency says the county where Monrovia is located has only 240 beds, with 260 more on the way — only half of what’s needed.
Finance Minister Amara Konneh told a news conference Thursday the country is at “war with an enemy we don’t see.” Another official said Monrovia needs hundreds of more beds.
Liberia has been hardest hit by the disease, which has also touched Guinea, Sierra Leone, Nigeria and Senegal. More than 2,200 deaths have been attributed to Ebola in the world’s largest outbreak.

Maharashtra: Salman Khan booked for hurting religious sentimentsThe Yavatmal police in Maharashtra on Thursday booked Bollywood actor Salman Khan for hurting religious sentiments of a community.
 
Khan was booked under section 295 (A) on the basis of a complaint lodged by president of Vidarbha unit of All India Qaumi Tanzeem Mohd Asim Ali, according to the information available.
 
Ali said in his complaint, that Khan was instrumental in hurting the sentiments of the Muslims. He said that Khan’s NGO “Being Human” organised a fashion show in Mumbai a few months back, in which a model walked down the ramp with the Arabic word “Allah” prominently displayed at the bottom of her gown.
 
Ali also furnished a video clip of the fashion show, along with his complaint, to substantiate his allegations. It is unclear when and where the event took place but the video clips of the 'event' are being circulated on the social media.  This has triggered anger among members of the Muslim community.
 
Ali further alleged that the police had not taken the matter seriously and did not take any action even two days after filing of the complaint.
 
“When we threatened that we would launch an indefinite dharna before the police, if they fail to book the actor, officials registered a case against Khan this morning,” Ali said.
 
However, investigating officer Dilip Chavan said, “We have lodged a complaint against Salman Khan and verifying details in this regard.”

With payment service & smartwatch Apple faces privacy challengeBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Scots warned over decade of doubtLast updated: September 12, 2014 7:54 am
Support for No campaign in Scots poll holds up
By FT reporters
Support for the campaign to keep Scotland in the UK is holding up as the number of undecided voters falls sharply with less than a week to go until the independence referendum, according to the latest polling.
More
Call to unleash $1tn for social investments
After a couple of polls earlier in the week showing the race neck-and-neck or the Yes side in the lead, the last two polls have put the Better Together campaign back in front.
On Thursday evening, a YouGov poll for the Times and the Sun gave the unionists 52 per cent support against 48 per cent for independence. The figures did not include undecided voters, who now only number 4 per cent of the electorate, the survey found and have a margin of error of plus or minus 3 per cent.
This compares to a YouGov poll five weeks ago showing No leading by about 55 per cent to 35 per cent, with 10 per cent undecided.
The bounce in support for Better Together came after one of Britain’s top industrialists warned that a Yes vote could cast an uncertainty over the UK economy for a decade, as Scotland’s banks led a sustained onslaught against independence.
Sir Mike Rake , chairman of BT Group, deputy chairman of Barclays and president of the CBI employers’ organisation, said independence would destabilise investment in Scotland and the rest of the UK. “The uncertainty will last for easily 10 years,” he told the Financial Times.
“Inevitably this uncertainty will lead to a slowdown in investment in the UK as a whole as well as Scotland.”
Five banks said they would move their headquarters south of the border in the event of a Yes vote and are lobbying the Treasury to pass new laws to speed up the transfer of their corporate bases to England.
Marks and Spencer, the leading UK chain, is also poised to warn the Scots of the possibility of rising prices should they vote Yes, according to people familiar with the matter.
Marc Bolland, chief executive of M&S, is expected to sign a joint letter with other leading stores. Retailers have warned of the costs of doing business in a new country with a dispersed population and uncertain currency and tax arrangements.
David Cameron has been urging business leaders to speak out against independence for months.
Alex Salmond , Scotland’s nationalist first minister, said Mr Cameron was orchestrating a campaign of business “scaremongering”, adding that Scots would ignore the warnings . “Scotland is on the cusp of making history,” he said. “Scotland will vote Yes next Thursday.”
Yes is running out of Scots to persuade
After the shock of its poll last week showing the Yes side ahead in the Scottish independence referendum, YouGov’s latest is a return to relative calm. Based on an online survey carried out between Tuesday and Thursday of this week, the pollster puts the Yes side on 48 per cent and No on 52 per cent, excluding undecideds.
Continue reading . . .
Royal Bank of Scotland led a host of banks, employing more than 35,000 people in Scotland, warning they would relocate their headquarters south of the border in the event of a Yes vote on September 18.
But the banks, including Lloyds Banking Group , are worried that the costly and lengthy legal process required to change the domicile of a bank would be further delayed if many institutions rushed to move south at the same time. They have told the Bank of England and the Treasury there would be a case for new legislation.
The announcements from RBS and Lloyds were swiftly echoed by Clydesdale Bank, TSB Bank and Tesco Bank; government insiders said the move was co-ordinated by the Better Together campaign for a No vote.
Aegon UK, the subsidiary of the eponymous Dutch insurer, joined its rival Standard Life in saying it would move its registered life company to England if the Scots voted for independence.
The banks believe that they risk being penalised by investors and rating agencies if they keep their domicile in an independent Scotland and lose the support of the Bank of England as their lender of last resort. Inquiries from nervous customers about the consequences of a Yes vote have also increased since the polls narrowed last week.
World Weekly podcast
Too close to call
A late surge in support for Scotland’s pro-independence camp a week ahead of the referendum has set alarm bells ringing among politicians in London. James Blitz is joined by Michael Stott and Mure Dickie to discuss the arguments being used to sway Scottish voters.
Mr Salmond said RBS’s contingency plan would not affect jobs or an independent Scotland’s corporation tax base. “Corporation tax depends not on the registered office but on economic activity,” he said.
He accused Treasury officials of deliberately leaking market sensitive information about RBS to damage the Yes campaign.
But Sir Jeremy Heywood, in a letter to Mr Salmond, rejected the accusation, saying staff at the Treasury had just “confirmed its understanding of RBS’s contingency planning . . . [to] maintain financial stability”.
Danny Alexander, UK Treasury chief secretary, said: “If all these great institutions locate to England, you would absolutely see a loss of jobs at headquarters, but over time you would see a pulling away in terms of engagement with Scotland.”
Ross McEwan, the RBS chief executive, wrote to his 12,000 staff in Scotland saying they would not be relocated if there was a Yes vote. “This is a technical procedure regarding the location of our registered head office. It is not an intention to move operations or jobs,” he said in the letter.
Mr Salmond, speaking in Edinburgh, said the business campaign was being whipped up by Downing Street, which was “trying to galvanise leading business people to try to say something negative about Scotland”.
He contrasted what he branded scaremongering by the London establishment with what he portrayed as the positive mood among Scots who were “rediscovering self-confidence” and “finding our voice”.
Reporting by John Aglionby, Sarah Gordon, Patrick Jenkins, Martin Arnold, George Parker, Sam Fleming and Andrea Felsted

Modi wants  Swacch Bharat  to be linked with economic activity#narendra modi #swacch bharat #clean india #mahatma gandhi #tracking the modi government
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday called for making 'Swacch Bharat' into a mass movement and linking it to economic activity to ensure greater participation.
Chairing a high-level meeting, he said all government departments will actively participate in the programme. Government offices up to panchayat level will be involved in a cleanliness drive that shall be carried out from September 25 till Diwali which falls on October 23.
'Mission Swacch Bharat' (clean India) will be launched on October 2, with Mahatma Gandhi as the inspiration, to create a clean India of his dreams by 2019, his 150th birth anniversary, a statement from the PMO said.
Government offices up to panchayat level will be involved in a cleanliness drive that shall be carried out from September 25 till Diwali which falls on October 23.
Modi said the pursuit of cleanliness can be an economic activity, contributing to GDP growth, reduction in healthcare costs, and a source of employment.
Linking cleanliness to tourism and global interest in India, he said world-class levels of hygiene and cleanliness are required in India's top 50 tourist destinations, to bring about a paradigm shift in the country's global perception.
If the people of India clean their homes around Diwali every year, why can this attitude not be extended to overall cleanliness and Swacch Bharat, Modi asked, calling for a change in governance attitude towards hygiene and sanitation.
He reiterated his vision of solid waste management and waste water management through the PPP model in 500 towns and cities across India. In his Independence Day speech, Modi had asked everyone to be a part of the 'Swachh Bharat' campaign and to make it a public movement rather than just a government mission.
The meeting was attended by Union ministers Arun Jaitley, M Venkaiah Naidu and Nitin Gadkari, besides other senior officers.

US man indicted for giving military blueprin...contractor
(The exported technical…)
WASHINGTON: A former US defence contractor , owner of two New Jersey-based firms, has been indicted by a US court on charges of illegally exporting to India blueprints of the hi-tech military equipment and their parts.
Hannah Robert , 49, of North Brunswick, New Jersey is currently under home detention pending trial.
She has been charged in a superseding indictment with one count of violating the Arms Export Control Act, one count of conspiracy to violate the act and four counts of wire fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
According to court documents, Robert, founder, owner, and president of One Source USA LLC, used the computer of a local church to transfer technical drawings of military hardware parts.
The exported technical drawings include parts used in the torpedo systems for nuclear submarines, military attack helicopters, and F-15 fighter aircraft, the Department of Justice said.
Robert owned One Source company in India (One Source India) along with one PR. She also owned Caldwell Components based in New Jersey too.
Robert allegedly transmitted export-controlled technical data to one PR in India so that they could submit bids to foreigners, including those in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), to supply them or their foreign customers with defence hardware items and spare parts.
Neither Robert nor PR obtained approval from the US Department of State for this conduct, the Justice Department said.
If found guilty, Robert will face a fine of USD 250,000 and imprisonment up to 20 years.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Intex launches Aqua 4X  cheapest  smartphone  prices it at Rs 2 999 on eBayBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Celkon launches Ultra Q500 smartphone at Rs 9 999 with Airtel  SnapdealBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Briton faces trial for calling Indian air hostess  trash  and  sex slaveBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

July IIP may slip to 1.7%; Aug CPI seen at 7.7%: Poll08:00 am
Index of industrial production (IIP) for July is likely to fall to 1.7 percent while the consumer price index (CPI) for August may soften to 7.7 percent, says a CNBC-TV18 poll. Both the macro-economic data points will be released post market hours today and between, the CPI will be crucially watched even from a bond market perspective.
The estimate for July IIP is that it is going to see a growth of 1.7 percent versus 3.4 percent on a month-on-month (M-o-M) basis. It is expected to scale down from what was seen for entire Q1 FY15 and this will eventually help the industry’s growth in Q1 of gross domestic product (GDP) as well. The range for IIP, it is expected to be anywhere between 0.5 percent and 3 percent, says the poll. May IIP was revised higher to 5.5 percent versus 4.7 percent earlier.
Also Read: 5 reasons why a ratings upgrade may be coming India's way
IIP @ 1.7 percent? Key factors to watch
One is that there will be a base effect on a year-on-year (Y-o-Y) basis that will effect the IIP growth. It grew at 2.8 percent in July 2013. That is a little bit of a base effect not too much if in case there was substantial growth, it would still surpass the base effect.
Secondly, the core sector growth which is 38 percent of IIP was quite weak. It came in at 2.7 percent versus 7.3 percent on a M-o-M basis. So, it is expected that the core sector data will possibly result in a lower IIP. The core sector data has not been following what the IIP has been indicating. For example, last time it grew at 7 percent, but the IIP came in at 3.4 percent.
Two factors to watch out for will be any sort of growth in the capital goods segment because that will be a reflection of project announcements and implementation by the government. The consumer goods data also needs to be watched as last time it fell quite significantly, which is indicative of what consumption is doing at this point in time in the economy. If growth in consumer durables doesn’t pick up then that will be an indication of consumption still not picking up substantially in the economy.
Why CPI may soften
CPI for July stood close to 8 percent. The estimate is 7.7 percent versus 7.96 percent, which is a still flattish figure, but lesser on a M-o-M basis. The range for the CPI is anywhere between 7.28 percent and 8.1 percent. Watch out for the revisions because the June CPI last time around was revised higher to 7.46 versus 7.31 percent, so the entire range has shifted higher as well.
There could be a softening because of the base effect because it was 9.5 percent in August 2013 versus 9.6 percent in July 2013. So, this favourable base effect is going to continue till November whereas for example November 2013 the CPI was 11.2 percent.
For the core inflation data, the range is wide anywhere between 6.9 to 7.3 percent and this compares to 7.42 percent on month on month basis. Again, it will be benefited by a base effect because core had jumped to 8.17 percent in August 2013.
Food inflation prices are expected to soften on a month-on-month basis, but it generally shows with a lagged effect on CPI because its retail as opposed to WPI, which is wholesale. So it will show in wholesale first and CPI later, that is what most of the economists are working with. Food inflation could tame down in terms of an escalation that we could see, but it is difficult to call at this point in time considering that food inflation had spiked up considerably in the previous month because of monsoon deficiency. So, that will be an important contributor to CPI if in case it has to even surpass any effect of base effects this time.
RELATED NEWS

Is Minecraft Microsoft s winning ticket in mobileSep 12, 2014, 08.59 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
Is Minecraft Microsoft's winning ticket in mobile?
According to FBR Capital Markets, the deal would enable Microsoft to "remain laser-focused on strategic growth areas (cloud/mobile) going forward and continue to capitalize on current momentum from Azure and Office 365 offerings."
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Is Minecraft Microsoft's winning ticket in mobile?
According to FBR Capital Markets, the deal would enable Microsoft to "remain laser-focused on strategic growth areas (cloud/mobile) going forward and continue to capitalize on current momentum from Azure and Office 365 offerings."
Post your opinion here
 
Microsoft`s potential purchase of Mojang, the Swedish company behind the popular block-building video game Minecraft, may not be a big deal financially, but it could be the winning ticket to expanding its mobile business, analysts said.
The US tech giant is in discussions to buy Mojang for an estimated USD 2 billion, The Wall Street Journal reported earlier this week, a deal analysts don`t expect to impact Microsoft`s profits given that it`s roughly 2 percent of Microsoft`s USD 86 billion cash hoard as of the end of June.
"This is pocket change for Microsoft; they spend more than that in their quarterly dividend . It`s a move that gets headlines but in terms of its impact on Microsoft`s top-line or bottom-line, it`s going to be minor," said Charles Sizemore, CIO at Sizemore Capital Management.
In 2013, Mojang had total revenue of around USD 330 million and profits of USD 128 million; Minecraft makes up 90 percent of Mojang`s revenues.
Business opportunities
With a 100 million registered users worldwide as of February 2014 and strong profitability, Minecraft could be an opportunity for Microsoft to leverage its mobile and software businesses, Norman Young, senior equity analyst at Morningstar, told CNBC on Thursday.
"It`s a strong signal that Microsoft is pretty invested in mobile strategy and the Windows Phone. They want to be able to offer different games and strategies across different platforms even if they are not the platform. The IP (intellectual property) side of this equation is very important, the fact that this is a gaming platform that can be played on Android, IOS, PCs and different consoles," Young said.
"They may be overpaying but if they`re smart about it, it`s not just the videogame, it`s leveraging the IP behind the game," he added.
The deal would be Microsoft`s first multibillion-dollar acquisition since new chief executive Satya Nadella took over earlier this year.
Microsoft made it clear to investors that mobile remains a priority after completing the acquisition of Nokia`s mobile phone business in April.
"We believe the potential acquisition of the ubiquitous Minecraft game (almost 54 million copies sold), would strategically make sense as the company looks for ways to drive users toward its nascent mobile hardware business, where it can leverage and cross-sell a wide range of its higher-margin software," said Daniel Ives, analyst at FBR Capital Markets, in a report on Thursday.
Mobile versus cloud
But not everyone is convinced; some experts believe the acquisition would go against Microsoft`s concentration on cloud services.
"What`s interesting to me is that Nadella, when he took over Microsoft, said he wanted to make Microsoft first and foremost a cloud and business services company. He really downplayed videogames and here, he seems like he`s doing an about face by making a high profile purchase," said Charles Sizemore, CIO at Sizemore Capital Management.
In March, Nadella presented his "Mobile First, Cloud First" strategy, focused on developing cloud-enabled software to be deployable on mobile devices.
"My question is: what is his plan? It has to be bigger than just buying this videogame. Is Microsoft planning to turn this into a big franchise? Are they planning to make this the Lego of videogames? I`d like to see more information. Right now, in a vacuum, it does raise a lot of questions," Sizemore said.
According to FBR Capital Markets, the deal would enable Microsoft to "remain laser-focused on strategic growth areas (cloud/mobile) going forward and continue to capitalize on current momentum from Azure and Office 365 offerings."
FBR currently has an Outperform rating on the stock.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

CLSA sells 8.11 lakh shares of SKS MicrofinanceSep 12, 2014, 08.41 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
CLSA sells 8.11 lakh shares of SKS Microfinance
CLSA (MAURITIUS) Limited sold 8,11,296 shares of SKS Microfinance.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CLSA sells 8.11 lakh shares of SKS Microfinance
CLSA (MAURITIUS) Limited sold 8,11,296 shares of SKS Microfinance.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 11, 2014 CLSA (Mauritius) Limited sold 8,11,296 shares of  SKS Microfinance at Rs 341.38 on the NSE.
In the previous trading session, the share at Rs 341.70, up Rs 12.40, or 3.77 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 347 and 52-week low Rs 127.80 on 09 September, 2014 and 17 September, 2013, respectively.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 9.07 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 37.67. The latest book value of the company is Rs 37.87 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 9.02.
 

Industry data to signal stuttering economic ...indian economy
(Country's industrial output…)
NEW DELHI: Country's industrial output growth likely slowed for a second straight month in July, while inflation probably remained high, with Asia's third-largest economy struggling to make a sustained recovery from its longest stretch of sub-par growth in decades.
Output from mines, utilities and factories is forecast to grow 1.8 per cent year-on-year, slower than June's 3.4 per cent rise, according to a Reuters poll of economists. Output growth had hit a 19-month high of 5.0 per cent in May.
Retail inflation, which the central bank tracks for setting its lending rates, probably edged down marginally to 7.80 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent a month ago, the poll showed.
The numbers come weeks after the economy posted its fastest growth in 2-1/2 years, helped by a revival in industrial activity, prompting Prime Minister Narendra Modi to paint a rosier outlook for coming quarters.
However, high inflation would make it tougher for the government to encourage consumers, who power nearly 60 per cent of the economy, to loosen their purse strings. It would also make the central bank wary of lowering interest rates later this month.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which wants to reduce retail inflation to 6 per cent by 2016, left interest rates steady last month, citing inflationary risks from late monsoon rains.
While falling global crude prices, moderating vegetable prices, a stable rupee and a favourable statistical base will likely ease inflation, the RBI is widely expected to keep rates on hold when it reviews its monetary policy on Sept. 30.
Radhika Rao, an economist at DBS Bank, said the prospect of a revival in demand-driven price pressures following a pick-up in economic activity could ensure a status quo on interest rates at least until end-March.
"The RBI is expected to maintain a cautious stance and keep the benchmark rate on hold in 2014/15," she said.
Modi won India's strongest electoral mandate in 30 years in May, vowing to lift sliding economic growth, cool inflation and create enough jobs for its young workforce.
The optimism fanned by Modi's rise to power has already brought inflows of nearly $14 billion of foreign funds into Indian equities this year as investors bet that his drive to cut red tape would revive stalled projects and underpin the economic recovery.
To sustain this euphoria, economists say, Modi must overhaul India's strained public finances, stringent land acquisition laws, chaotic tax regime and rigid labour rules.
"... the pro-business government has facilitated the investment climate and boosted confidence, but more needs to be done to get back to a period of high growth and low inflation," said Rohini Malkani, an analyst at Citi.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IIP data likely to signal stuttering economic revivalBSE 26816.56(-244.48)
NSE 8042.00(-63.50)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114091200048
Reuters
Reuters |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 08:38 AM IST
IIP data likely to signal stuttering economic revival
CPI inflation could fall marginally but stay above RBI's comfort level
Industrial output growth likely slowed for a second straight month in July, while inflation probably remained high, with economy struggling to make a sustained recovery from its longest stretch of sub-par growth in decades.
Output from mines, utilities and factories is forecast to grow 1.8% year-on-year, slower than June's 3.4% rise, according to a Reuters poll of economists. Output growth had hit a 19-month high of 5% in May.
Retail inflation, which the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) tracks for setting its lending rates, probably edged down marginally to 7.80% in August from 7.96% a month ago, the poll showed.
The numbers come weeks after the economy posted its fastest growth in 2-1/2 years, helped by a revival in industrial activity, prompting Prime Minister Narendra Modi to paint a rosier outlook for coming quarters.
However, high inflation would make it tougher for Modi to encourage consumers, who power nearly 60% of the economy, to loosen their purse strings. It would also make the central bank wary of lowering interest rates later this month.
The RBI, which wants to reduce retail inflation to 6% by 2016, left interest rates steady last month, citing inflationary risks from late monsoon rains.
While falling global crude prices, moderating vegetable prices, a stable rupee and a favourable statistical base will likely ease inflation, the RBI is widely expected to keep rates on hold when it reviews its monetary policy on Sept. 30.
Radhika Rao, an economist at DBS Bank, said the prospect of a revival in demand-driven price pressures following a pick-up in economic activity could ensure a status quo on interest rates at least until end-March.
"The RBI is expected to maintain a cautious stance and keep the benchmark rate on hold in 2014/15," she said.
Modi won India's strongest electoral mandate in 30 years in May, vowing to lift sliding economic growth, cool inflation and create jobs for the young workforce.
The optimism fanned by Modi's rise to power has already brought inflows of nearly $14 billion of foreign funds into Indian equities this year as investors bet that his drive to cut red tape would revive stalled projects and underpin the economic recovery.
To sustain this euphoria, economists say, Modi must overhaul India's strained public finances, stringent land acquisition laws, chaotic tax regime and rigid labour rules.
During his first 100 days in office, the new prime minister showed little appetite for such structural changes, and there is concern that sharply higher growth in the last quarter could obviate the urgency to press ahead with them.
"... the pro-business government has facilitated the investment climate and boosted confidence, but more needs to be done to get back to a period of high growth and low inflation," said Rohini Malkani, an analyst at Citi.
 Advertisements

As prices slide  chinks appear in India s love affair with goldBSE 26816.56(-244.48)
NSE 8042.00(-63.50)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114091200055
Reuters
Reuters |  Vangal Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 06:01 AM IST
As prices slide, chinks appear in India's love affair with gold
A one-quarter drop in gold prices over the past year has shaken people's confidence in the precious metal
Kiran Laxman Salunkhe used to buy jewellery during religious festivals, but sliding gold prices have led the young farmer to break with his family's traditional investment.
This year Salunkhe has deposited his hard-earned savings at the bank for the first time in a decade and bought farmland.
"I bought jewellery when gold price was Rs 32,000 (per 10 grams) last year. Now jewellers won't pay me more than Rs 27,000 if I want to sell. Why should I invest in gold," said Salunkhe, who farms 15 acres of sugar cane in Vangal, a village 250 km (160 miles) south of Mumbai.
"Nowadays it is risky to keep jewellery. Burglaries are rising," he said. "With a fixed deposit there is no risk."
A one-quarter drop in local gold prices over the past year has shaken the confidence of Indians in the precious metal as a store of value and dented demand in the world's second-biggest buyer.
The main beneficiary has been stocks, which have been clocking up records on hopes that Prime Minister Narendra Modi can deliver on the promise of "better days" ahead that swept him to power in May's general election.
Beyond short-term sentiment, a major push by Modi for every household to get a bank account, better education and living standards, and falling inflation expectations, could herald a more secular change in investing habits.
"The attachment of Indians to gold will remain," said Harish Galipelli, head of commodities and currencies at Inditrade Derivatives and Commodities Ltd., referring to gold's culturally embedded role in dowry gifts or decorating Hindu temples.
"But as the banking network expands and literacy rises, people in rural areas will explore other investment products like mutual funds or bank deposits. The mindset is slowly changing."
If the national obsession with gold does fade that would help curb India's external deficits - gold is the second biggest item on the import bill after oil - and cap world gold prices that are trading sideways in 2014.
BACK TO EQUITIES
If the crowds selling scrap gold to Kapil Parekh at his shop in Mumbai's Zaveri Bazaar are anything to go by, the shift by small-time speculators out of gold is continuing unabated.
"Many investors who came after 2008's stock market crash were short-term investors," said Parekh.
"They came when the stock market wasn't giving returns. Now, since shares are rallying, they are liquidating gold and going back to equities. They may come back."
One customer, Dinesh Jain, said he had sold 64 grams of gold bought since 2011 and was investing the proceeds - now worth nearly $3,000 - in information technology stocks.
India's investment demand for gold slumped by 67% in the June quarter from a year ago to 49.6 tonnes, World Gold Council (WGC) data showed. Based on industry and WGC estimates, investment demand could nearly halve to 190 tonnes this year.
Investment demand was 37% of total 2013 gold sales.
Indian gold exchange-traded funds, a financial product that sophisticated investors use to gain exposure to the metal, have suffered 15 straight months of outflows.
In contrast, turnover on Mumbai's main NSE bourse is up by 61%, while $50 billion has flowed into mutual funds in the financial year starting April 1 - up sixfold from the entire previous year.
Term deposits in banks have also risen but by a more modest $3.6 billion since April, compared to a drop of $2.9 billion last year, central bank figures show.
SHIFTING SENTIMENT
A decade-long surge in gold prices to 2013 led investment buying of bars and coins to quadruple. Over the same time, sales of traditionally more popular jewellery rose by just a quarter.
But since hitting a record high of Rs 35,074 per 10 grams in August 2013, local gold prices have fallen steadily, tracking weakness in overseas prices and a strengthening rupee.
In the past, such price falls would have attracted bargain hunters. Not now.
"The 11-year rally in gold prices created a perception that they will only go up. This price fall has broken that conviction," Prithviraj Kothari, vice president of the India Bullion & Jewellers' Association, told Reuters.
"Now people are diversifying their investments. This trend will increase in the coming years," added Kothari, cautioning that expectations of a tightening in super-loose US. monetary policy would weigh on gold.
"During uncertainly people chase gold. Now, since we have stability, economic growth will revive. It will ultimately push up the stock market and real estate prices."
But for some India's love affair with gold will endure.
"Last year, despite a premium of over $100 (per ounce over London prices), buyers were crowding my counter," said a Mumbai-based dealer at a state-run bank.
"Now, the premium is just $5. The peak festive season is ahead. But I am waiting for customers. There is no hysteria."
 Advertisements

Assam set up panel to probe tea garden work conditions#tea garden #work conditions #panel #commission #plantation labour act
Guwahati: The Assam government on Thursday set up a judicial inquiry commission to study the working conditions in the tea gardens of the state.
The commission to be headed by a retired judge will study the implementation of the Plantation Labour Act in the tea gardens and suggest suitable measures for their improvement, the government said in a statement on Thursday.
The commission will look into the housing, health, education and other facilities being provided by the tea gardens under the Act.
The Assam government on Thursday set up a judicial inquiry commission to study the working conditions in the tea gardens of the state.
The government had earlier carried out an in-depth study of the working conditions in the tea gardens and came up with recommendations for their improvement, especially in the health and education sectors.
The statement said the government has now made it mandatory that a tea garden must have all the facilities under the Act before it is sold off.
The commission was necessitated as it was observed that the management of some tea gardens were not been offering the facilities, it said.
Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi has also directed the state labour and employment department to look into the matter.
Assam has over 700 small and big tea estates and contributes over 52 per cent of India's total tea. An estimated 10 lakh people work in the tea estates in the state.

Missing train traced after 17 days in Bihar#missing train #gorakhpur muzaffarpur passenger train #railway division #passengers
Patna: A train which went missing from one railway division in Bihar was finally traced on Thursday after 17 long days from another division, senior officials said.
The Gorakhpur-Muzaffarpur passenger train "went missing" from Hajipur on the night of August 25 after the derailment of a goods train led to the diversion of several trains on other routes.
As this train began taking a new route, passengers quickly got off and the train was reported "missing", Arun Malik, divisional manager in the Samastipur railway division said.
A train which went missing from one railway division in Bihar was finally traced after 17 long days from another division.
"We finally traced it today at a railway station in another division," he said.
Malik said no police case was registered regarding the "missing" train since the railways were themselves looking for it.
He added that the driver of the train also made no contact with the concerned division, adding to the mystery.

Snowman Logistics lists 62% premium on NSESI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 10:18 AM IST
Snowman Logistics lists 62% premium on NSE
The stock listed at Rs 76, a 62% premium against its issue price of Rs 47 per share, on National Stock Exchange.
Shares of Snowman Logistics have listed at Rs 76, a huge 62% premium against its issue price of Rs 47 per share, on National Stock Exchange (NSE).
The stock is currently trading at Rs 79.80, also day’s highest level on NSE.  Till 1015 hours, around 8.2 million shares changed hands on the NSE.
The initial public offer (IPO) of Snowman Logistics was subscribed 59.75 times with total bids for 194.49 crore shares, compared with 4.20 crore shares on offer. The company had priced the IPO at the top end of the Rs 44 to Rs 47 per equity share price band.
Gateway Distriparks is promoter and the largest shareholder in Snowman Logistics. 
 

Rupee depreciates on increased dollar demandForex Update: Rupee logs sixth weekly rise, ends at 60.65 against dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 13, 2014  | 11:54 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Friday gained 28 paise, notching up its best daily gain in a month, to end strong at 60.65 against the American currency on heavy dollar selling by banks and exporters amid positive cues from equity markets .
A weak US dollar overseas and capital inflows also helped the rupee rally for the second straight day, forex dealers said. This helped the domestic unit to end with gain of 26 paise for the week, the sixth straight weekly rise.
Against its major global rivals, the dollar index was trading lower by 0.03 per cent. This was ahead of some economic data and the US Federal Reserve's meeting on rates early next week.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.97 a dollar from last close of 60.93 and immediately touched a low of 61.03.
It later rebounded on dollar selling by exporters and some banks amid better domestic stocks to a high of 60.6450, settling finally at 60.65, with a rise of 28 paise (0.46 per cent).
The rupee recorded its best daily gain since the 45-paise rise on August 14, 2014.
Trading range  for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.10 to 61.00, said Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday recouped 65.17 points, or 0.24 per cent, ahead of the announcement of key macro economic data later in the day today. FPIs/FIIs had picked up shares worth US $77.48 million on Thursday, as per provisional data.
The government released industrial production (IIP) data for July , which showed industrial output grew 0.5 per cent, and August inflation based on consumer price index (CPI), which eased to 7.08 per cent on year-on-year basis.

Women empowerment vital for global recovery  says IMF chief Christine LagardeUpdated: September 12, 2014 12:08 IST
Women empowerment vital for global recovery, says IMF chief
AP
AP File photo of International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde.
TOPICS
social security
"The global economy is not utilising women effectively", says Ms. Lagarde
Empowerment of women and equal opportunities are crucial for driving a stronger global economic recovery, and for revitalising Japan, the head of the International Monetary Fund said Friday.
The global recovery is too tepid and too turbulent, IMF chief Christine Lagarde told a gathering organised by the Japanese government and business groups to support Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s campaign to promote a stronger role for women in the economy.
“Even after the crisis abates, we will face grave challenges to growth,” Ms. Lagarde said.
The global economy is not utilising women effectively and is “tossing away economic growth at a time when it cannot afford such wanton waste,” she said.
Mr. Abe has made greater gender equality a priority in his “Abenomics” programme aimed at propelling the world’s third-largest economy out of a long deflationary slump. As its workforce ages and shrinks, Japan needs women to help fill labour shortages and drive economic growth.
Last week, Ms. Abe appointed five women as Ministers in a Cabinet reshuffle, matching the previous record set by former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. But overall, few women hold political office or executive positions in business.
Japanese women rank high in terms of education, but tend to put their careers on hold to raise their families. Long working hours and limited access to affordable child and elder care are obstacles for working mothers, while employment and tax systems are structured to favour families with stay-at-home mothers. When women do return to work as their children get older, which most do, they generally can only get part-time, lower paying work.
While the gender gap for wages is almost universal, Japan’s is on the high side at a 29 percent gap even with equal educations and occupations, Ms. Lagarde said.
Globally, since women account for 70 percent of consumer spending, it makes sense to “put women in the driver’s seat,” she said.
Countries such as Japan need to change policies and laws, but also institutions, attitudes and culture in order to boost their growth potential by better using their female talent.
In some cases, countries have effectively used quotas to bring more women into leadership roles in business and government. Such quotas helped increase the proportion of women lawmakers in Rwanda’s parliament to over 50 percent.
Setting targets is another good option, said Catherine M. Russell, the U.S. ambassador-at-large for Global Women’s Issues.
“Having a goal in mind is best. It makes it clear where you are and are trying to get to,” she said.
Politics are only a start, though, and businesses need to understand that it is in their own interest to have greater gender equality, she said.

Japan Stocks Hit Highs; Dollar Gains From Fed RiskYou are here: Home Market
Japan Stocks Hit Highs; Dollar Gains From Fed Risk
Reuters | Updated On: September 12, 2014 10:53 (IST)
Mid-cap State-run Banks Gain on Fresh Long Positions
The US dollar was riding high in Asia on Friday as unending speculation about the prospects for rising US interest rates undermined commodity prices and spurred investors to unwind leveraged trades in higher-yielding currencies.
The possibility that the Federal Reserve might take a hawkish turn at its policy meeting next week, possibly by dropping its commitment to keeping rates low, has seen US Treasury yields steadily creep higher and injected new life into the dollar.
This sudden outbreak of volatility has prompted some to pare back on carry trades, where they borrow at low rates in euros and yen to buy higher-yielding assets such as commodity-linked or emerging market currencies.
Victims included the Canadian dollar, which plumbed a five-month low of C$1.1030, while Australia's dollar hit a six-month low of $0.9060.
The rise of the U.S. currency shoved oil prices to their lowest in two years, while gold sank to an eight-month trough and copper fell to a three-month low.
In contrast, the dollar's gains on the yen were considered positive for Japanese exports, corporate earnings and equities. The broad Topix index added 0.3 per cent, making its highest level since July 2008.
Stocks elsewhere in the region fared less well as investors fretted that even the hint of a shift in Fed policy might spark a withdrawal of funds from emerging markets. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.3 per cent at one-month lows.
Wall Street was also on guard with the Dow ending Thursday down 0.12 per cent, while the S&P 500 edged up 0.09 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.12 per cent. Europe's broad FTSEurofirst 300 index had eased 0.13 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

ICICI Bank raises $500 mn via overseas bond saleICICI Bank raises $500 mn via overseas bond sale
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
ICICI Bank (through its Dubai branch) has sold 5.5 year fixed rate notes aggregating $500 mn. The notes were offered at an issue price of 99.653 and carry a coupon rate of 3.5 per cent, the bank said in an exchange filing.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Not banks  LIC is biggest provider of person...Life Insurance Corporation pips banks as biggest provider of personal loans
Sangita Mehta, ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 06.22AM IST
Tags:
FD
(Commercial banks disbursed…)
MUMBAI: The biggest provider of 'secured personal loans' is not any high-street bank with thousands of branches and an army of direct sales agents. It's Life Insurance Corporation (LIC), the country's largest financial institution.
Indeed, the insurer has given more personal loans against security than all banks taken together.
In June, LIC surpassed the banking industry with secured personal loan outstanding of around Rs 60,000 crore.
In comparison, commercial banks disbursed secured personal loans amounting to Rs 58,000 crore, according to Reserve Bank of India data and numbers shared by LIC officials.
While LIC lends against insurance policies sold by the insurer, banks give secured personal loans against fixed deposits and securities. LIC, unlike banks, does not give unsecured personal loans — a segment dominated by banks.
"Whenever a customer in difficulty approaches us to surrender his/her policy, we encourage the person to take a loan instead. This benefits us as well as policyholders. The policy continues to be on our book while the policyholder gets liquidity and does not lose life cover," a senior LIC official told ET.
LIC charges an interest of 10% on such loans — about a quarter or half-a-point less than the interest charged by most banks.
The loan tenure is linked to the remaining life of the policy and the maximum amount disbursed is 90% of the surrender value of the policy. In case of death, the amount is adjusted against the loan and the balance is given to nominees.
LIC officials typically advise policyholders that it makes sense to continue with a policy rather than cancel it and take a new one as the premium outgo increases with age.
Loan against policy can be availed against traditional policy where returns are linked to the bonus declared every year.
Bulk of LIC's premium income is from traditional policies unlike private life insurers for whom unit-linked plans constitute a substantial portion of the assets under management.
Nearly Rs 54,200 crore is disbursed by banks as loan against fixed deposits (FDs) and Rs 3,600 crore is provided as loan against equity, according to data compiled by the central bank.
Banks lend up to 80-90% of the FD value at an interest that is one percentage point higher than the return on the FD.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FY15 loan book may grow 25%; NIMs to improve: YES Bank CFOWe also want to get into home loans, it is a good contextual opportunity.
Rajat Monga
Sr Group President- Financial Markets & CFO
Yes Bank
Yes Bank  expects its loan book to grow 25 percent this financial year, compared to the industry growth rate of 14-15 percent, according to Rajat Monga, Chief Financial Officer of the bank.
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar, he said the cost of funds is not falling, but is stabilizing around 8 percent.
He sees Yes Bank’s net interest margins rising 10-15 basis points this quarter due to the cushion of capital recently raised.  In the medium term, Monga sees NIMs rising by 30-40 basis points.
He expects the pace of increase in non-performing assets for the industry as a whole to reduce this year.
Below is the transcript of Rajat Monga's interview with Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar on CNBC-TV18.
Latha: Is the cost of money falling, wholesale or retail?
A: Cost of money is more than falling or rising, it is getting entrenched at 8 percent, which is what Reserve Bank of India (RBI) policy is reinforcing more and more. As we saw, liquidity get better in the last two-three weeks, RBI has been proactively introducing the reverse repo windows, which also sucks away the excess liquidity and again calibrating it such that the clearing prices as close to 8 percent as possible.
So the difference between the last few quarters particularly from one-year ago, when we were in a very disorderly interest rate environment, is that the environment is now stable and well entrenched at 8 percent. Cost of money has been rangebound. It is just that the volatility of cost of money is definitely coming down, getting more predictable but I don’t think I can yet say that the cost of money is falling.
Reema: We are trying to assess the improvement that we have seen on the ground. Has there been an increase in lending activity by the bank in Q2 or in Q3? Let us talk about six months if you cannot give numbers, what will be the lending growth or the advances growth, will it be better than what we saw in the last two-three quarters?
A: As you would have seen that Yes Bank has raised more capital in Q1 of this fiscal year, so we may be little bit more peculiarly placed that we can put more growth on the table than the other banks could and you will see that our Q1 numbers also had about 23-24 percent advances growth. That trend, at least from our standpoint, will continue.
This quarter it might get better because last year’s base was little hurt by RBI developments at that point in time but the trend will be little bit on the higher side because we have more resources, opportunity is definitely increasing, it is not that the opportunity is coming in and pouring in but the quality of the opportunity is increasing.
If nothing else, the new government is at least enabling the problem solving in the banking asset environment and that is also creating financing opportunity. So the calls with customers are increasing, the queries are increasing, bulk transactions are still lining up.
Reema: So 25-30 percent advances growth for FY15?
A: I would look at - for Yes Bank as such - closer to 25 percent.
We are dealing with a base issue. So the base is noisy like I was mentioning about on the interest rate side. It is also noisy on the loan side because similar period last year banks loan growth was heavy because of their disintermediation that money markets were having so banks were having to lend more. So it will normalise. This is currently a base period. So hopefully closer to 14-15 percent for the full year at an industry level is looking likely.
Yes Bank stock price
On September 15, 2014, Yes Bank closed at Rs 601.30, down Rs 31.55, or 4.99 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 634.25 and the 52-week low was Rs 274.35.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 39.81 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 15.1. The latest book value of the company is Rs 172.49 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.49.

Noida s Nithari killings: SC extends stay on Koli s execution till October 29#surinder koli #nithari case #supreme court
New Delhi: In a relief for Noida's Nithari killing convict Surinder Koli, the Supreme Court has extended the stay on his execution till October 29. The SC will hear his review petition on October 28.
Earlier too, the SC had stayed the execution of Koli for one week. A Ghaziabad sessions court had issued a death warrant against Surinder Koli in connection with the brutal killing of 14-year-old Rimpa Halder in 2005. Koli has been awarded a death sentence in five of the 16 cases lodged against him.
President Pranab Mukhejree had rejected Koli's mercy petition on July 27 earlier in 2014. The CBI had filed a chargesheet against him in 16 cases where he had allegedly killed children after sexually abusing them. The case had come to light in December 2006 when a girl who was missing was later found murdered.
Investigations into the case led revealed more gruesome murders of children as many skeletal remains were recovered from a drain adjacent to the house where Koli was working as a domestic servant.
A total of 16 cases have been registered against Koli. His employer Moninder Singh Pandher, who was also sentenced to death in Rimpa Haldar case, was acquitted by the Allahabad High Court. Out of 16 cases filed against Koli, he has been awarded death sentence in five of them so far and others are still under trial.
Koli had given a graphic detail during his confessional statement where he had claimed to have even cut some of his victims and even cooked it. He also stated that he had sex with some of the victims after killing them. Relying upon the Koli's confessional statement of how he used to allure and kill young girls in Noida, the Supreme Court, while rejecting his mercy petition, had said, "The confessions had been made voluntarily before the magistrate and there is no defect in it."

US budget deficit dips to $128.7 bn in AugUS budget deficit dips to $128.7 bn in Aug
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 12:  
The federal government ran a lower budget deficit this August than a year ago, remaining on track to record the lowest deficit for the entire year since 2008.
The August deficit was $128.7 billion, down 13 per cent from the $147.9 billion deficit recorded in August 2013, the Treasury Department said today in its monthly budget report.
With just one month left in the budget year, the deficit totals $589.2 billion, 22 per cent below last year’s 11—month total.
The Congressional Budget Office expects the government to run a sizable surplus in September that will allow the government to close out the budget year with a deficit of USD 506 billion, the lowest since 2008.
The improvement this year has occurred because of a 7.7 percent increase in tax revenues that offset a smaller 0.8 percent increase in spending.
Revenues have been boosted by an improving economy and a tax increase that started taking effect in January 2013 that raised taxes on upper income individuals and eliminated a tax break workers had been getting on their Social Security taxes in the aftermath of the Great Recession.
On the spending side, outlays have been restrained by efforts to get control of soaring budget deficits and by an improving economy which has cut spending in such areas as unemployment benefits and food stamps.
With one month remaining in this budget year, outlays total $ 3.25 trillion while revenues total $2.66 trillion.
If the deficit comes in at $ 506 billion as CBO is forecasting, that would be 26 per cent below last year’s imbalance and the lowest annual total since the 2008 deficit of $458.6 billion.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Indias love affair with gold may be over  as prices of yellow metalslidePrint
Reuters | Posted: September 12, 2014 11:32 am
Kiran Laxman Salunkhe used to buy jewellery during religious festivals, but sliding gold prices have led the young Indian farmer to break with his family’s traditional investment.
This year Salunkhe has deposited his hard-earned savings at the bank for the first time in a decade and bought farmland.
“I bought jewellery when gold price was 32,000 rupees (per 10 grams) last year. Now jewellers won’t pay me more than 27,000 rupees if I want to sell. Why should I invest in gold,” said Salunkhe, who farms 15 acres of sugar cane in Vangal, a village 250 km (160 miles) south of Mumbai.
“Nowadays it is risky to keep jewellery. Burglaries are rising,” he said. “With a fixed deposit there is no risk.”
A one-quarter drop in local gold prices over the past year has shaken the confidence of Indians in the precious metal as a store of value and dented demand in the world’s second-biggest buyer.
The main beneficiary has been Indian stocks, which have been clocking up records on hopes that Prime Minister Narendra Modi can deliver on the promise of “better days” ahead that swept him to power in May’s general election.
Beyond short-term sentiment, a major push by Modi for every household to get a bank account, better education and living standards, and falling inflation expectations, could herald a more secular change in investing habits.
“The attachment of Indians to gold will remain,” said Harish Galipelli, head of commodities and currencies at Inditrade Derivatives and Commodities Ltd., referring to gold’s culturally embedded role in dowry gifts or decorating Hindu temples.
“But as the banking network expands and literacy rises, people in rural areas will explore other investment products like mutual funds or bank deposits. The mindset is slowly changing.”
If the national obsession with gold does fade that would help curb India’s external deficits – gold is the second biggest item on the import bill after oil – and cap world gold prices that are trading sideways in 2014.
BACK TO EQUITIES
If the crowds selling scrap gold to Kapil Parekh at his shop in Mumbai’s Zaveri Bazaar are anything to go by, the shift by small-time speculators out of gold is continuing unabated.
“Many investors who came after 2008’s stock market crash were short-term investors,” said Parekh.
“They came when the stock market wasn’t giving returns. Now, since shares are rallying, they are liquidating gold and going back to equities. They may come back.”
One customer, Dinesh Jain, said he had sold 64 grams of gold bought since 2011 and was investing the proceeds – now worth nearly $3,000 – in information technology stocks.
India’s investment demand for gold slumped by 67 percent in the June quarter from a year ago to 49.6 tonnes, World Gold Council (WGC) data showed. Based on industry and WGC estimates, investment demand could nearly halve to 190 tonnes this year.
Investment demand was 37 percent of total 2013 gold sales.
Indian gold exchange-traded funds, a financial product that sophisticated investors use to gain exposure to the metal, have suffered 15 straight months of outflows.
In contrast, turnover on continued…

Nithari case: SC extends stay on Kolis execution till Oct29A three-judge bench led by Justice H L Dattu will take up Koli's petition on October 28 in open court. (Source: Express Archive)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 11:30 am
The Supreme Court on Friday stayed till October 29 the execution of Nithari killing cases convict Surinder Koli while agreeing to hear his review petition for reconsidering the death penalty.
A three-judge bench led by Justice H L Dattu will take up Koli’s petition on October 28 in open court and his lawyer will be granted a maximum outer limit of 30 minutes to argue.
On Monday, he was given a fresh lease of life with the court staying his execution for a week, so as to enable him make a fresh appeal against capital punishment.
In view of a recent Constitution bench judgement, Koli is entitled for an open-court hearing of his review petition. His review petition as well as a plea to stay his execution was rejected by judges in a in-chamber hearing on July 24.
The trial court had on September 2 issued a death warrant for him, following rejection of his mercy petition by the President.

US threatened Yahoo with $250 000 a day fine over secretsurveillancePrint
Agence-France Presse | Washington | Posted: September 12, 2014 11:30 am
US authorities threatened to fine Yahoo USD 250,000 a day if it failed to comply with a secret surveillance programme requiring it to hand over user data in the name of national security, court documents have showed.
The documents, made public in a rare unsealing by a secretive court panel, “underscore how we had to fight every step of the way to challenge the US government’s surveillance efforts,” Yahoo general counsel Ron Bell said in a blog post that will again raise privacy concerns.
The documents shed new light on the PRISM snooping program revealed in leaked files from former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.
The program allowed US intelligence services to sweep up massive amounts of data from major Internet firms including Yahoo and Google. Officials have said the deeply contentious program ended in 2011.
The 1,500 pages of documents were ordered released by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court in the case dating from 2007, according to Bell, who said that in 2007, the US government “amended a key law to demand user information from online services.”
“We refused to comply with what we viewed as unconstitutional and overbroad surveillance and challenged the US government’s authority,” he said.
Yahoo’s court challenge failed and it was forced to hand over the US user data.
“At one point, the US government threatened the imposition of USD 250,000 in fines per day if we refused to comply,” Bell revealed.
Since the Snowden leaks, Yahoo and others have been seeking to make public these court documents to show they were forced to comply with government requests and made numerous attempts to fight these efforts, rather than simply acquiescing to them, as some critics say.
The opening of these court dockers to the public “is extremely rare,” Bell said, adding that the company was in the process of making the 1,500 pages publicly available online.
“We consider this an important win for transparency and hope that these records help promote informed discussion about the relationship between privacy, due process, and intelligence gathering,” Bell added.
But he said that “despite the declassification and release, portions of the documents remain sealed and classified to this day, unknown even to our team.”
The redacted court records, seen by AFP, showed Yahoo challenged the government on constitutional grounds, saying the surveillance program violated protections against unreasonable search and seizure.

Visitors logbook: CBI chief Ranjit Sinha submits his affidavit inSCPrint
The court had rejected argument by Sinha's counsel that filing an affidavit would mean disclosing certain crucial facts relating to 2G spectrum probe.
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 11:29 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 11:30 am
In pursuant to a notice, CBI director Ranjit Sinha filed his affidavit in the Supreme Court on Friday, in respect of the accusations against him over the controversial visitors’ logbook at his Delhi residence.
The counsel for the director placed the affidavit in a sealed cover before a bench led by Justice H L Dattu.
The matter will be heard by the court on Monday next. It had earlier asked Sinha to reply to the plea moved for removing him from the 2G probe.
On September 8, stating that it may scrap decisions taken by the CBI director “at a later date,” the court on asked the agency chief to reply to the “very serious” averments against him regarding the visitors’ logbook, which showed frequent visits by some of the accused in the 2G and coal block cases among others.
The court had rejected argument by Sinha’s counsel that filing an affidavit would mean disclosing certain crucial facts relating to 2G spectrum probe and hence, he should be allowed to argue straightaway.
“The averments are very serious and the CBI director can’t say that even if the averments are serious, he won’t file any reply… if there is derailment of investigation, this court will have to take a strong view,” said the bench, asking Sinha’s counsel Vikas Singh to file the affidavit.
The court reminded CBI director that the SC was monitoring the CBI probe into the 2G cases, while turning down his contention that some of the materials could fall in the category of “privileged communication,” enjoying immunity under the Evidence Act.
Singh had also sought to assert that CBI chief was heading the premier investigating agency and that directing him to file an affidavit on merits of the matter, as to how he arrived at decisions regarding prosecution in some cases or dropping some cases, may affect the 2G trial as well.
“You don’t worry about the trial. We are monitoring it. This court wants a very very fair trial. Don’t forget, it was only at our instance you have taken over the investigation. On that day, we could have said that investigation would be done by so and so (some other) agency…this court may draw adverse inference too in case you decide not to file a reply,” said the bench, snubbing all the contentions by Sinha’s counsel.
It asked him to file two separate affidavits — one on the merits as to why he should not be removed from the 2G cases besides initiating an inquiry against him, and second, on the maintainability of the application by NGO CPIL, a petitioner in the 2G case, which has sought actions against him in view of damning disclosures continued…

Hewlett-Packard fined $58.7 million for bribery of RussiangovernmentPrint
Associated Press | San Francisco | Posted: September 12, 2014 11:26 am
Hewlett-Packard Co. pleaded guilty Thursday to felony charges that former employees bribed Russian government officials for a contract, and the company has been fined $58.7 million.
Hewlett-Packard’s Russian subsidiary admitted violating the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in a Northern California court Thursday, the U.S. Department of Justice said in a statement.
The U.S. alleged that the HP division paid $2 million to retain a technology contract with Russian prosecutors.
”In a brazen violation of the FCPA, Hewlett-Packard’s Russia subsidiary used millions of dollars in bribes from a secret slush fund to secure a lucrative government contract,” said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Marshall L. Miller. ”Even more troubling was that the government contract up for sale was with Russia’s top prosecutor’s office.”
The plea and sentence are part of a larger agreement reached in April with the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission. HP agreed to pay a total of $108 million in criminal and civil penalties for bribing officials in Russia, Mexico and Poland.
Representatives of the Palo Alto, California, company did not immediately reply to after-hours phone and email messages seeking comment.
HP’s general counsel, John Schultz, said when the settlement was reached in April that the misconduct was limited to a small number of people who are no longer with the company.

Sensex rangebound  Nifty trades below 8100; top 20 trading ideasYou are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Markets rangebound; Nifty near 8,100; top 20 trading ideas
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 03.10PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared early morning gains and was trading in a range on Friday, led by gains in ITC, TCS, HDFC, Bharti Airtel and Cipla.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a narrow band but below its crucial psychological level of 8100.
At 3:08 pm, the Sensex was at 27,059.84; up 63.97 points.
The broader Nifty was at 8,103.45; up 17.75 points.
Market highlights @ 3
- Exide & Gabriel India stocks are certainly looking good: Prakash Gaba
- Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals rallies 40% in 2 days
- JP Associates under pressure after Goldman Sachs downgrades stock to 'neutral'
- Caution prevails on Dalal Street; select mid-caps continue to buzz
Market highlights @ 2
- Block Deal: 10 lakh Idea Cellular shares traded at Rs 172.30/share
- Govt, says Indirect tax collections in Apr- Aug at Rs 1.94 lakh crore, up 4.6% YoY
- Fin Min Sources, say public sectur banks need Rs 2.4 lakh crore over next 4-5 years for recapitalisation: ET Now
- Govt, says April-August service tax collections increase 15.1% YoY
Market highlights @ 1
- OFSS board declares Rs 485 per share dividend stock at Rs 4008.95, up 8.49%
- Marksans Pharma at day's high of Rs 67.75, stock up, 12.6%
- August CPI seen at 7.9%; July IIP at 1.9%: ET Now Poll
- Snowman makes a spectacular debut; lists at 68% premium
- Adani Enterprises bounces off 20-DMA, stock down 0.5%
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Maruti Suzuki Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3000 and a stop loss of Rs 2930
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 182 and a stop loss of Rs 167
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 192
Asian Paints Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 695 and a stop loss of Rs 660
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 167
Jai Corp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 118 and a stop loss of Rs 104.90
IOC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 402.50
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2686
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Exide Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 180 and a stop loss of Rs 165
Hindalco Industries Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 158 and a stop loss of Rs 173
Biocon Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 473 and a stop loss of Rs 494
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Asian Paints Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 682 and a stop loss of Rs 656
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 180 and a stop loss of Rs 165
Gabriel India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 93 and a stop loss of Rs 83
Gaurav Bissa, Derivatives Analyst, LKP Securities
HDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1060 and a stop loss of Rs 1036
Bank of Baroda is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 950 and a stop loss of Rs 905
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1040 and a stop loss of Rs 1005
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Maruti Suzuki Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2980 and a stop loss of Rs 2885
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2750 and a stop loss of Rs 2490
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 225 and a stop loss of Rs 205
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Expect double-digit growth in FY15Save this video
Copy URL
RC Bhargava, Chairman, Maruti Suzuki expects the company to clock in double-digit growth in FY15. He also said that the market situation is looking much better for Maruti Suzuki.
63

Buy Federal Bank 130 Call  SBI 2600 Call: VK Sharma08:00 am
VK Sharma of HDFC Securities told CNBC-TV18, "Among the banks, State Bank of India  (SBI) did well yesterday. It rose almost 2 percent and partly responsible for the strength in the Bank Nifty. I am suggesting buying 2,600 Call at around Rs 60 with a tight stoploss at Rs 40 and maybe you can sell it at Rs 100 and make Rs 40, but essentially if you get Rs 20 lower then this accordingly adjust your strategies. However, that would be a great strategy to buy at dips also."
"Among the private sector banks, Federal Bank  has done well. However, so far positions were not added yesterday but it did go up 3 percent. I am suggesting buying the 130 Call at around Rs 3 odd, stoploss at Rs 2 and hope to sell it around Rs 6. The advantage of this that the company also has an insurance outfit where it has got some shareholding. So apart from that technically also it has done well. So this is one stock which one can buy for the current series," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Markets remain flat; Cipla  Bharti Airtel top gainersMarkets remain flat; Cipla  Bharti Airtel top gainers
Sensex  Nifty pare early gains; Snowman Logistics makes strong debutSensex  Nifty pare early gains; Snowman Logistics makes strong debut
Aviation Newsletter - September 08 to 12  2014Aviation Newsletter - September 08 to 12  2014
Automobile Newsletter - September 08 to 12  2014Automobile Newsletter - September 08 to 12  2014
Health experts seek more from Apple s WatchHealth experts seek more from Apple s Watch
EU PUBLISHES LATEST RUSSIA SANCTIONS IN OFFICIAL JOURNAL  PUTTING THEM INTO EFFECTEU PUBLISHES LATEST RUSSIA SANCTIONS IN OFFICIAL JOURNAL  PUTTING THEM INTO EFFECT
Sterling Addlife India enters diagnostics  to invest Rs 30 croreSterling Addlife India enters diagnostics  to invest Rs 30 crore
Every BJP candidate loves Yogi AdityanathEvery BJP candidate loves Yogi Adityanath
GSFC rallies 40% in two days; more steam left: brokersGSFC rallies 40% in two days; more steam left: brokers
Brent Crude Below $98/Barrel on Weak DemandBrent Crude Below $98/Barrel on Weak Demand
Dhanush joins to feature in two campaigns for OLXBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

That was all pre-planned by the BJP: Bhupinder Singh Hooda on the booing incidentThat was all pre-planned by the BJP: Bhupinder Singh Hooda on the booing incident
Produced by Andrew ClaranceUpdated: September 1, 2014 10:48 am
Related

Army helicopter evacuates soldier injured in exchange of fire near Gurdaji stream  KupwaraArmy helicopter evacuates soldier injured in exchange of fire near Gurdaji stream, Kupwara
Updated: September 2, 2014 11:25 am
More from this section

Winners of the Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism award for 2012picture  others
Winners of the Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism award for 2012
The awards were presented by Lok Sabha Speaker Sumitra Mahajan and Express Group MD and chairman Viveck Goenka.
Kunal Rajnikant Purohit of The Hindustan Times gets the Prakash Kardaley award for his series of stories related to the BMC land surveys in Mumbai. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Neelesh Misra & Manish Mishra of Gaon Connection get the Uncovering India Invisible (Print) award for bringing stories of aspirations and change from rural India. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Alka Atmaram Dhupkar of IBN Lokmat gets the Uncovering India Invisible (Broadcast) award for her gripping report on the absence of regulations protecting the rights of surrogate mothers. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Brijesh Singh of Tehelka gets the Hindi (Print) award for his story capturing the plight of refugees in the Jammu region. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Sharik Rahman Khan of NDTV India gets the Hindi (Broadcast) award for his hard hitting reports exploring the politics behind the Muzaffarnagar riots.
Shweta Thakur Nanda of The Week gets the Film & Television Journalism (Print) award for exploring how a growing breed of bare-all celebs is reflecting changing attitudes among women in a changing India.
Yaseer Usman of ABP News gets Film & Television Journalism (Broadcast) award for his show sharing secrets of behind-the-scenes romance between film stars. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Soman T. of Mathrubhumi gets the Regional Languages (Print) award for his six-part series that captured the new face of Kerala with its migrant workers and their stories of exploitation and hope. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Prajakta R. Dhulap of IBN Lokmat gets the Regional Languages (Broadcast) award for exposing the reasons behind the skewed sex ratio in Beed. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Shantanu Guha Ray of India Today gets the Sports Journalism (Print) award for taking a hard look at what's ailing Indian cricket after its 0-4 loss to Australia in the 2012 Tests. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Vimal Mohan of NDTV India gets the Sports Journalism (Broadcast) award for his in-depth back story documenting the poor infrastructure that thwart India’s Olympics dreams and the challenges faced by athletes. Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Maya Mirchandani of the NDTV 24X7 gets the Reporting from J&K and the Northeast (Broadcast) award for her thorough analysis of the clashes in Assam's Kokrajhar and chronicling the Bodo movement for autonomy. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Vinod Kumar Menon of Mid-Day gets the Environmental Reporting (Print) award for reporting from Thane district's parched interiors on its acute water scarcity. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Ajay Suri of National Geographic gets the Environmental Reporting (Broadcast) award for his film that probed the man-animal conflict in Uttarakhand, how leopards and elephants in the hill station are increasingly feeling the heat of urbanisation. (Source : Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Asif Khan of National Geographic gets the Environmental Reporting (Broadcast) award for his film that probed the man-animal conflict in Uttarakhand, how leopards and elephants in the hill station are increasingly feeling the heat of urbanisation. (Source : Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Nidhi Verma of Reuters gets the Business & Economic Journalism (Print) award for her series of stories on Iran's oil imports to India that were impacted because of US sanctions. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Manu C. Kumar of Manorama News gets the Business & Economic Journalism (Broadcast) award for his incisive story unveiling malpractices while importing from China and pressed on the need for tax proficiency. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Victor John Mallet of Financial Times gets the Foreign Correspondent Covering India (Print) award for his report on Narendra Modi titled 'The man who would be PM'. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Mehul Srivastava, Andrew Macaskill & Adi Narayan of Bloomberg News get the Investigative Reporting (Print) award for their story of how malnutrition affects India's children. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Geeta Datta of News X gets the Investigative Reporting (Broadcast) award as she uncovered the world of illegal testing of experimental drugs on unknowing human subjects. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Ashutosh Bhardwaj of The Indian Express gets the On The Spot Reporting (Print) award for his poignant stories and hard-hitting exposes from the Naxal heartland. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Niranjan Rajadhyaksha of Mint gets the Commentary and Interpretative Writing (Print) award for his incisive commentary on India's economy. (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)
Marya Shakil of CNN-IBN gets the Reporting on Politics and Government (Broadcast) award for her reports from Uttar Pradesh that disclosed the mindset of Muslims yearning to be part of the mainstream. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Appu Esthose Suresh of The Indian Express gets the Sanjiv Sinha Memorial Award for Excellence in Reporting (Print). (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Ipsita Chakravarty of The Indian Express' Opinion team gets the Priya Chandrashekhar Memorial Award for Excellence in Editing (Print). (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia)
Sreenivasan Jain of the NDTV 24X7 gets the Journalist of the Year 2012 award.  (Source: Express photo by Praveen Khanna)

GM to launch 40 new cars in India  other marketsGM to launch 40 new cars in India, other international mkts
Aditi Shah        Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 15:37 IST
Chief Executive Mary Barra.
General Motors Co plans to launch 40 new cars in India and in other international markets excluding China, north America and Europe, Chief Executive Mary Barra said on Thursday.
The US carmaker "sees a lot of opportunities in India from a market perspective," Barra told reporters in New Delhi. The company has started exporting cars from India to Chile, she added.
(Reuters)

Jharkhand Orders Closure of Some Iron Ore Mines: ReportFord India Launches Refreshed Figo at Rs 3.87 Lakh
Jharkhand has ordered the closure of 12 out of its 17 iron ore mines because their leases have expired, dealing a fresh blow to local steelmakers, some of which have been forced to import the raw material due to short supplies at home.
Mining curbs in India in states such as Goa and Karnataka along with mine closures in top producing Odisha have limited iron ore availability in the country, opening the door to more imports this year, which could help absorb some of the surplus in global supply.
Jharkhand was India's third-biggest iron ore producer in the fiscal year to March, with output of around 21 million tonnes. The shut mines, including those of steel majors Tata Steel and Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), accounted for around 19 million tonnes.
"They have sent notice to close 12 mines. These include mines of Tata Steel and Steel Authority of India Limited," an official of the Jharkhand state government said by phone from the capital Ranchi.
The notice was issued last week, he said, declining to be named because he was not authorised to speak to the media.
Asked when the mines would resume operations, the official said: "It depends on the government's policy."
Another official from the state government confirmed the mine closures.
In May, the Supreme Court ordered the temporary closure of 26 out of 56 operating mines in Odisha, also due to non-renewal of mining leases.
Eight of those mines in Odisha have since reopened, including the captive mines of Tata Steel, SAIL and state-owned Odisha Mining Corp, said Dhruv Goel, managing partner at industry consultancy SteelMint, based in Odisha.
SAIL produces 10-11 million tonnes of iron ore annually in Jharkhand and Tata Steel around 5 million tonnes, Goel said.
He estimated that both steelmakers had iron ore stocks that could probably last them around 40-45 days.
From 300,000 tonnes in the past fiscal year, India's iron ore imports would probably reach 6-7 million tonnes in the current year to March 2015 due to the mining restrictions, said Goel. Imports had already reached 2.6 million tonnes in April to August, he said, citing government data.
That could help siphon off some of the surplus in the world market that has slashed iron ore prices by nearly 40 per cent this year as big Australian and Brazilian miners have lifted output and demand has slowed in top buyer China.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 15:41 (IST)

Carmakers  Body Criticises CCI for Imposing PenaltyFord India Launches Refreshed Figo at Rs 3.87 Lakh
Auto industry body SIAM today lashed out at the recent Competition Commission of India's order imposing penalty of Rs 2,545 crore on 14 car companies over availability of spare parts in aftermarket saying it "completely ignored" safety of consumers.
The Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) also said the instance showed how government departments work in isolation with narrow mandates.
Addressing the annual convention of auto component makers ACMA, President SIAM Vikram Kirloskar said "the safety of consumers has been completely ignored by the CCI" as the current structure of spare parts in aftermarket is "just not structured" in terms of ensuring consumer safety.
Kirloskar further said the Competition Commission of India (CCI) order is also a "demonstration of government departments working in isolation" and each "working on narrow mandates".
He said at present India does not have any norms and quality standards for setting up independent auto repair garages.
"There is a wide chasm between strict quality standards of original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and the independent free-for-all garages," Kirloskar said.
He further said it was also premature to talk European style of norms for spare parts in aftermarket in India as requisite safety standards were not in place.
"If we put cart before the horse, we will be severely compromising the safety of consumers," Kirloskar said.
Last month, the CCI had slapped a total penalty of Rs 2,545 crore on 14 car makers, including Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors and Mahindra & Mahindra, for violating trade norms in the spare parts and after services market.
While the Delhi High Court has already put on hold the CCI order imposing a fine on Maruti Suzuki, Tata Motors and M&M have said they would challenge the order.
 

Vigilance Commission Seeks Power to Probe Against Bank CMDsFord India Launches Refreshed Figo at Rs 3.87 Lakh
New Delhi:
The Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) has sought powers to probe corruption charges against Chairman and Managing Directors (CMDs) and Executive Directors (EDs) of public sector banks and insurance companies.
CVC has asked the Finance Ministry to incorporate relevant provisions in the rules to allow it to conduct disciplinary inquiries against CMDs and EDs, i.e. Whole Time Directors (WTDs) while in service and continuation of such probes after they demit office, official sources said.
The anti-corruption watchdog has also sought powers to initiate penal action against them, if they are found guilty of corruption, even after their retirement, they said.
At present, there is no rule to conduct investigation or disciplinary inquiry by the Commission against CMDs and EDs working in public sector banks, insurance companies and some financial institutions, the sources said.
The Commission examined the issue after it received complaints of alleged irregularities against some of these top executives, they said.
CVC observed that the existing standard terms and conditions of appointment of WTDs i.e. board level officers of public sector banks, insurance companies etc., do not have a specific provision for initiating disciplinary action while in service, the sources said.
However, CVC can take necessary disciplinary action against board-level officers in Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs). The standard terms and conditions of appointments provided by the Department of Public Enterprises allow initiation of disciplinary action against the board- level officers in CPSEs while they are in service, they said.
CVC has sought similar provision for WTDs of banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions by the Department of Financial Services (DFS), the sources said.
It wants adequate provision for continuation of proceedings against WTDs of banks and insurance companies under pension regulations after completion of their tenure as well as initiation of proceedings under pension regulation upto four years as is the case in the government, they said.
The matter is being discussed with the officials of DFS, the sources added.
Last month, Syndicate Bank CMD S K Jain was arrested by CBI for allegedly receiving a bribe of Rs 50 lakh to enhance credit limits of Bhushan Steel and Prakash Industries.
Besides, some officials of Oriental Bank of Commerce and Dena Bank are being probed for alleged misappropriating funds worth Rs 436 crore from fixed deposit customers' accounts.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 20:08 (IST)

Maruti sees double-digit sales growth this yearSurajeet Das Gupta & Sharmistha Mukherjee |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
Maruti sees double-digit sales growth this year
Scales up its earlier growth projection of 7-8%; Plans to use Rs 4k-cr surplus cash to develop 5 new models in India; Will pay less than 5% royalty on cars designed & developed in India
Buoyed by improved sentiment in domestic automobile market, Maruti Suzuki, the country's largest car maker, has scaled up its projection for growth in cars sales this financial year.
"We will surely have a double-digit growth rate this year. We had not expected more than seven or eight per cent growth till the general elections, but our sales have grown at an average 16 per cent in the past five months. I will, however, not like to predict whether the rate for full year will be 12 per cent or 16 per cent," chairman R C Bhargava told Business Standard.
He also said Maruti would invest Rs 4,000 crore over the next five years in developing at least five new products at its India research & development (R&D) centre. In what might sound music to many shareholders' ears, local development will help the company lower its royalty payout - five per cent of net sales at present - to Japanese parent Suzuki Motor Corp. Bhargava pointed out: "Though new products will still have the platform and power trains from Suzuki Japan, the royalty we will pay for these cars will be lower than five per cent."
"We need five new models in the next five years. This will entail an investment of Rs 4,000 crore, including launch of models and providing vendors with tooling. The first model with significant Indian content will be a compact sports utility vehicle that will come in 2016," said Bhargava. Also, the company's cash surplus, currently at over Rs 7,000 crore, will only increase, as it does not have to make any investment in the upcoming Gujarat plant. Suzuki Motor will invest Rs 18,500 crore in this facility to increase its capacity to three million units a year. "In the first phase, the investment will be Rs 3,000 crore for a capacity of 250,000 units per year. Subsequently, there will be an investment of Rs 2,500 crore in each unit added. For six units, the total investment will come to Rs 18,500 crore, plus some capital expenditure of Rs 2500 crore to Rs 3,000 crore on modernisation and replacement," Bhargava said. However, he added, the period in which the money would be invested would depend on market growth, which might change from year to year.
Bhargava said he did not believe the overall car market growth this year would be higher than the five-six per cent predicted earlier but agreed sales uptake would be across the board. "The growth is not across manufacturers. Some of Maruti's new launches helped it grow its sales. But, generally, customers are not willing to take risks; they are playing safe and moving to products that are established and trusted," he said.
On the proposal that Suzuki would develop a fully owned plant in Gujarat, the Maruti chairman said he had travelled to New York, Boston, Edinburg, Hong Kong, Mumbai and Chennai to meet minority shareholders and secure their support.
"Nobody has anything against the arrangement. But some investors are uncertain as they fear this might be too good to be true." But Bhargava remains confident that the minority shareholders will give him a green signal.
Asked if he had a contingency plan if the shareholders baulked the move, Bhargava said: "I do not think we need a contingency plan. It would be unusual and inexplicable if our proposal was considered not good for shareholders."
He clarified the decision to peg Maruti's royalty payment to the rupee, instead of the Japanese yen, was not taken under pressure from shareholders. "It would have happened in any case, with or without Gujarat. We had been discussing it with Suzuki for two years. Instead of six per cent of sales earlier, the royalty now will never exceed five per cent; that will bring in some stability."
However, many argue the move might still eventually benefit Suzuki, as the yen is depreciating against the rupee. And, shareholders have demanded that the royalty should come down as volumes go up. But Bhargava rejected that contention. "First, the yen, currently at 57 paise, will not come down to the 35 paise level of a few years ago. Second, we sign a licence agreement with Suzuki one-and-a-half years before a car is launched. How does one predict the volumes and adjust royalty accordingly?"
Bhargava also said Maruti would make an aggressive entry into the sports utility vehicle segment, with two products - one, to launched next year, would be priced below Rs 10 lakh. The company would also enter the light commercial vehicle space but plans to go slow, with launches in select markets.
On expanding the company's diesel engine capacIty, the chairman said Maruti had decided not to go for an expansion but it did not see a dramatic shift back to petrol, despite price differentiation between the two fuels coming down. "The diesel shift is not dramatic. It was 62 per cent at its peak, now it is 50.5 per cent. It had gone up from 32 per cent to 62 per cent very swiftly, but the fall has not been at the same rate." Bhargava also said that exports were not a priority area for his company.
 Advertisements

S&P 500 rebounds with energy shares; Dow dipsWall St. to open flat with eyes on energy prices
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
Alibaba Group Energy Saving NASDAQ Anheuser-Busch InBev
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were set to open little changed on Monday as traders  gauged the effect of tumbling crude oil prices, with the energy sector falling but bullish outlooks for retail and other consumer stocks.
Brent crude oil  fell to its lowest in more than two years, below $97 per barrel, weighed by a strong U.S. dollar and data showing China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August.
Apart from geopolitical concerns, investors are becoming increasingly worried about the global economy, and especially Europe, weakening again. ( Gail MarksJarvis )
A further decline in crude oil prices will likely weigh on stocks as the energy sector of the S&P 500 <.SPNY> continues to struggle, down 8 percent from its record set 12 weeks ago.
"On one hand, it is negative for energy stocks but very positive for the consumer and for retail stocks," said Rick Meckler, president of LibertyView Capital Management in Jersey City, New Jersey, about falling oil prices.
He said the trend could also help keep interest rates low for longer as it keeps a lid on inflation.
8
S&P 500 e-mini futures  were down less than a point and fair value - a formula that evaluates pricing by taking into account interest rates, dividends and time to expiration on the contract - indicated a slightly lower open. Dow Jones industrial average e-mini futures <1YMc1> were unchanged and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures  added less than a point.
Yahoo  was the most traded stock on the Nasdaq in premarket action as traders looked for ways to step in front of Alibaba Group's  debut, expected on the NYSE later this week.
The Fed supposedly owns 1/4 of ALL stocks. Anybody who still thinks investing in the stock market, and the dollar is getting stronger, is an idiot.
Jackie Puppet
90
Alibaba's could be the largest initial public offer in history and has seen "overwhelming" interest, meaning Yahoo's 23 percent stake could be worth more next week than it is now. Yahoo stock was up 1.7 percent with 1.9 million shares already traded.
"The Alibaba IPO is going to have a big effect, drawing money out of some stocks, and how it performs can help say a lot about the tech sector," LibertyView's Meckler said.
Stocks active early on Monday include Molson Coors , up 8.3 percent at $77.75 after the Wall Street Journal reported that No. 1 brewer Anheuser-Busch InBev   was talking to banks about financing a possible $122 billion takeover bid of SABMiller .
The report comes a day after Dutch brewer Heineken  said it was approached by SABMiller about a potential takeover.
(Reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Nick Zieminski)

After US  Amazon plans portal for wholesale merchants in IndiaYou are here: Home > Collections > Portal
Amazon plans portal for wholesale merchants in India, first country outside the US
Radhika P Nair, ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 07.59AM IST
Tags:
Alibaba
(The initiative could be…)
BANGALORE: Amazon is preparing to launch a portal for wholesale merchants in India, the first country outside the US where such an initiative is being planned by the Seattle-based company.
The wholesale portal could be launched early next year, according to two people with knowledge of the plans.
"The (Amazon) India team has been working on this top secret project for the past few months. Talks with potential suppliers and the hiring process have begun," said one of the sources. "It will be similar to what Walmart is doing online in India and what Alibaba does in China."
The initiative could be led by Samir Kumar, who is currently director of category management, said a third source. The wholesale team will report to Amazon India head Amit Agarwal.
An Amazon India spokeswoman said: "As a policy, we do not comment on anything that we may or may not do in the future." Since debuting its online retail business in India last year, Amazon has grown rapidly.
Amazon has grown rapidly and aggressively in India, challenging Flipkart for market leadership in the country. Illustrating the scale of its ambition, founder Jeff Bezos announced that Amazon would invest $2 billion (Rs 12,000 crore) in India just a day after Flipkart said it had received $1 billion in funding. "It is important to note that there is no FDI restriction when it comes to online business-to-business operations," said Arvind Singhal, chairman of retail advisory firm Technopak.
The India wholesale portal will be similar to AmazonSupply, its online site in the US focused on business consumers.
The India platform will also target small and medium enterprises. However, it is not clear yet whether the company will offer all categories of products under its wholesale platform. For instance, AmazonSupply does not sell apparel and other soft lines such as furnishings. AmazonSupply was launched in 2012 and is still in 'beta', or test mode. The site, which does not have a minimum order size, sells products ranging from office supplies to electrical equipment.
Since June last year, Amazon in India has set up a network of seven warehouses across the country and has over 8,500 merchants selling products in over 28 categories on its platform. The company is estimated to be on track to reach $1 billion (Rs 6,000 crore) in sales this fiscal. One of the factors influencing decision-making at Amazon is the Chinese ecommerce group Alibaba.
Sources who briefed ET on Amazon's wholesale plans said the firm wants to quickly establish wholesale operations in India before Alibaba pays serious attention to this market. Alibaba has set up offices in India but its platform is primarily focused on connecting small and medium enterprises in India to global buyers, and not on domestic sales.
Alibaba has taken the fight to Amazon in its home market by launching a portal in the US before its public offer, which could mop up over $21 billion (Rs 1.2 lakh crore). In China , Alibaba's success has been built on the back of business-to-business transactions.
In India, too, the online channel is expected to be a disruptive force in wholesale. "The online channel can bring in efficiency," said Singhal of Technopak. "There are millions of small retailers who buy from physical wholesalers, but the system is very inefficient."
Others too have been drawn in by this opportunity. US retail giant Walmart has estimated that India's wholesale market will grow to $700 billion (Rs 42.5 lakh crore) by 2020 from the current $300 billion (over Rs 18 lakh crore). Earlier this year, it launched a business-focused site bestpricewholesale.co.in for its wholesale club members in Lucknow and Hyderabad. Technopak has estimated that the retail market in India is at $525 billion (Rs 32 lakh crore) at present and will double in size by 2020.
German retailer Metro's India brick-and-mortar wholesale cash & carry business has managed to carve out a space for itself in the decade that it has operated here. In 2013, it had incurred a loss of Rs 272 crore on a turnover of Rs 2,521 crore. The company runs about 15 outlets in India and plans to have 50 wholesale stores in the country by 2020.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Asia bourses mixed amid China credit dataLast updated: September 12, 2014 10:14 pm
Wall Street soft as Fed meeting looms
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ec71ba8-3a27-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asia bourses mixed on China credit dataLast updated: September 12, 2014 10:14 pm
Wall Street soft as Fed meeting looms
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ec71ba8-3a27-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Snowman Logistics makes a stellar debut; lists at a 68% premium to its issue priceYou are here: Home > Collections
Snowman Logistics lists at 68% premium to issue price
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 02.37PM IST
Tags:
Ferroro Rocher
(At 10:03 a.m.; the stock…)
MUMBAI: Snowman Logistics has listed at Rs 78.75, up Rs 31.75 or 67.55 per cent premium to issue price of Rs 47 per share.
The stock was at day's high at Rs 79.80, up 69.79 per cent, on the NSE . Over 74 lakh shares were traded in the counter in early trade.
The management in an interview to ET Now, said the growth drivers for the company will be storage facilities for high end food products. It sees the margins, "which have been growing gradually", to improve as capacity utilisation goes up.
It expects the IPO proceeds will help ease pressure on EBITDA.
The IPO had seen a great demand from investors as the issue received bids for 195 crore shares against 3.25 crore shares on offer.
The retail portion was subscribed 41 times, the HNI and qualified institutional buyers segments were subscribed by 222 and 17 times, respectively.
Bangalore-based Snowman Logistics operates temperature-controlled logistics service. It has 23 temperature-controlled warehouses across 14 locations in India. The company's client base includes HUL, Baskin Robins, Ferroro Rocher and McCain .
Its promoter Gateway Distriparks holds 40.4 per cent equity post issue.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex hovers around 27 000; metal  pharma shares dragSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 10:30 AM IST
Sensex hovers around 27,000; metal, pharma shares drag
Gains in FMCG majors helped offset losses in Sun Pharma and shares of private banks
Markets continued to trade flat after the first hour of trade as gains in FMCG majors helped offset losses in Sun Pharma and shares of private banks.
At 10:30AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 22 points at 27,022 and the 50-share Nifty was up 4 points at 8,090.
ITC edged higher and was up 1% after the recent correction while Hindustan Unilever was up 0.7%.
Other Sensex gainers include, TCS, HDFC and ONGC among others.
Shares of private banks such as Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank were down 0.2-0.4% each.
Sun Pharma was down 2.6% after the USFDA conducted a surprise inspection at its Halol unit in Gujarat.
Among other shares, Atul Auto was trading higher by 3% at Rs 413 after the stock was quoted ex-stock split from today.
Shares of Snowman Logistics have listed at Rs 76, a huge 62% premium against its issue price of Rs 47 per share, on National Stock Exchange (NSE). The stock is currently trading at Rs 78.
Market breadth was strong with 1,443 gainers and 952 losers on the BSE.
______________________________
(Updated at 9:40AM)
Markets remained range bound in early trades as investors adopted cautious stance ahead of August CPI and July industrial production data to be released later today.
At 9:40AM, the 30-share Sensex was up 52 points at 27,048 and the 50-share Nifty was up 11 points at 8,097.
The Indian rupee was trading marginally lower at Rs 60.97 against the US dollar compared to the previous close of Rs 60.92.
Further, foreign funds were net buyers in Indian equities worth Rs 433.55 crore on Thursday, as per provisional stock exchange data.
Meanwhile, India recorded its heaviest spell of monsoon rains in 2014 in the past week, logging in surplus for the second straight week, raising hopes of a delayed retreat of the four-month season.
Asian markets are trading mixed on the final trading day of the week, following an uninspiring US lead. The Nikkei extended gains and was up 0.4% while Straits Times and Shanghai Composite were up 0.1% each. However, shares in Hong Kong witnessed profit taking after sharp gains recently. The benchmark Hang Seng was down 0.4%.
ITC which had corrected after media reports that the government might announce stringent measures on cigarettes was up nearly 1%.
IT majors Infosys and TCS were also among the Sensex gainers up 0.6% each.
ONGC which had corrected yesterday on government's plan to divest partial stake in the company was up nearly 1%.
In the capital goods segment L&T and BHEL were marginally up ahead of July IIP data.
Sun Pharma extended losses and was the top Sensex loser after the USFDA conducted a surprise inspection at its Halol unit in Gujarat. Further, is the company is looking to get shareholders' approval to raise qualified institutional placement (QIP) worth Rs 12,000 crore at its 27th annual general meeting to be held by the end of September.
Other Sensex losers include, Reliance Ind and private banks such as Axis Bank, HDFC Bank and ICICI Bank.
In the broader market, the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices were up 0.4-0.6% each.
Market breadth was strong with 1,400 gainers and 488 losers on the BSE.
 Advertisements

Now  a robot that can keep eye on home viaTwitterPrint
With basic capabilities, the bot would cost around Rs 5,000 to 6,000
Written by Krishna Vamsi | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 11:47 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 12:02 pm
Ever heard of a social robot? Well, Kolkata-based IT company Edifixio India Pvt ltd. has won the Oracle IoT Developer Challenge with their winning entry Bot-So, a social robot that can be deployed for remote home surveillance by sending it commands via Twitter. Debraj Dutta, one of the robot developers, shares how he went about developing the robot using the open source Rasberry Pi platform.
Where did you get the idea of making a social robot?
Devices connecting to Internet was our main objective. We thought of connecting the humans with the IoT devices and the most homogenous platform which we thought was the social media. There was massive transformation over a decade and social communication came on Whatsapp, Facebook and Twitter; and it is cheaper and popular as well. We gave a shot.
Why Twitter?
Twitter is a great platform. It has this connectionless service where you don’t always need to stay online and also there would be notifications in case of any private messages. It has that online flavor. And we can share pictures and links to videos also.
 
Does the bot (Bot-So) have voice capabilities and real-time command driven features?  
There is a limited voice capability. It has a sound card which allows you can put up a small speaker or a headphone and program few prerecorded messages (Text-to-Speech) through some language processing tool. But I assure it can be extended using more functionality.
Secondly, you can include capabilities of what Apple provides through Siri. It needs an analysis of semantics and many other cost driven features but then again, we limited our bot to using open source.
Why was Raspberry PI used?
We wanted everything to be open source, even the hardware. You can buy Raspberry PI which includes a complete documentation of the usage. You can incorporate it anywhere and use. And it is cheap as well.
Does it have Wifi or Ethernet connection?
It has both WiFi and Ethernet. As the technology is IoT, it would be pointless to use neither of these. Other than that there could be a possibility of call back options through GSM data cards, but for now we haven’t configured any of these.
What is the power source for the bot?
USB power source. It doesn’t have a battery though. So, in case of continuous power requirement, you can connect the bot to a UPS source as the power consumption is very low. I suggest that you connect even the router to the UPS for a consistent usage.
I found that in the video the hand was waved a couple of times for the bot sensors to pickup.
When it comes to sensor. We just used a 30 m and 120 radius sensor for the purpose of demonstration of communication between the sensors and the Internet. As such there is no hardware limitation as I already told you that it is just a prototype we worked on. You could use high power sensors and better resolution cams as you budget permits.
Can there be an option to stream the video by the bot to get a real-time surveillance experience?
For that we have to deploy a video streaming system. We already have a 40 second video upload which the bot provides a Goggle plus link. But when used for industrial purpose, you can always customise to make it better equipped by getting a video streaming service maybe.
How did you get about with the entire plan?
We were interested in IoT, which is the new buzz word, then we heard about the Oracle IoT challenge. We started begin by tinkering an initial setup here and there, but we hadn’t had a concrete idea of what to be made. Our job requires working with Java, social media and data mining, so we easily relied on the already acquired skill set to leverage our project.
(L-R) Avinaba, Tapas (With-Bot-So), Siddhantha, Debraj
What was the cost incurred?
You can get the bot done with these basic capabilities of temperature sensing, pictures and video coverage and intrusion sensing  in just about  Rs 5000 or Rs 6000. Then you can customise depending on the  necessity for both domestic and industrial usage.
Bot-So has both WiFi and Ethernet. As the technology is IoT, it would be pointless to use neither of these.

Oil slips below $98 | Mkts @ 11: top 20 stocks hogging limelightBrent crude drops below $98; weak demand outweighs geopolitical worries
Reuters Sep 12, 2014, 11.56AM IST
Tags:
Brent
(The October contract fell…)
SINGAPORE: Brent crude dropped below $98 a barrel on Friday, heading for its worst week in six as concerns over weak demand outweighed geopolitical worries in the Middle East and Ukraine.
Weaker oil demand in China and Europe had caused growth in global oil demand to soften at a remarkable pace, the International Energy Agency said in its monthly report released on Thursday.
The West's energy watchdog cut its demand growth projections by 150,000 barrels per day (bpd) to 900,000 bpd for 2014 and by 100,000 bpd to 1.2 million bpd in 2015.
Brent is down 3 per cent for the week so far, headed for its biggest weekly loss since the week to Aug. 1. The October contract fell 26 cents to $97.82 by 0530 GMT after a 4-cent gain in the previous session snapped a 5-day losing streak.
US crude gained 13 cents to $92.96 a barrel after closing up $1.16 on Thursday.
"I believe Brent is oversold which should warrant buy-back. I'm a little bullish on oil and it could bounce back to $100 next week," said Tetsu Emori, a commodity fund manager at Tokyo's Astmax Co Ltd.
"Investors are discounting the geopolitical risks in the market, but we see such risks."
Brent bounced from a 2-year low on Thursday after Russia warned the US that air strikes in Syria against Islamist militants would be an act of aggression without a U.N. security mandate. This raised the spectre of a new confrontation between Moscow and the West.
"I would like to see more risk premium priced in but the market doesn't want to," said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at CMC Markets in Sydney.
"There are still a lot of potential concerns, but the market seems relaxed by it all."
Geopolitical worries included Russia, which is facing fresh sanctions from the European Union and the US over the Ukraine crisis, McCarthy said.
The EU will implement tougher sanctions against Russia later on Friday, although they could be removed if Moscow abides by a ceasefire between Kiev and pro-Russian separatists. However, Russia called the new measures anti-peace.
The United States will also release details later on Friday of its own new sanctions against Russia which are expected to target Sberbank, Russia's largest bank, and further limit Russian banks' access to US capital.
Investors are waiting for US retail sales data on Friday to indicate how well the world's largest economic is performing, Emori said.
This will be followed by industrial and retail sales figures from China on Saturday, which will show whether the world's second largest economy is picking up steam.
The market is also keeping an eye on Iran which faces a "difficult road" to reach an agreement with six world powers over Tehran's nuclear programme by a late November deadline, a senior Iranian negotiator said on Thursday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Yesudas hails new liquor policyUpdated: September 12, 2014 12:23 IST
Yesudas hails new liquor policy
Special Correspondent
PROUD MOMENT: Chief Minister Oommen Chandy presents the State government’s award for lifetime achievement to singer K.J. Yesudas in Thiruvananthapuram on Thursday. — PHOTO: C. RATHEESH KUMAR
State government’s award for lifetime achievement presented
Singer K.J. Yesudas has praised the government for its decision to move towards total prohibition.
Accepting the State government’s award for lifetime achievement here on Thursday, Mr. Yesudas recalled that this was a desire that he had cherished for long and voiced at various places.
He was also all praise for the State government’s scheme to provide cochlear implants for aurally challenged children from poor families.
Presenting the award, Chief Minister Oommen Chandy said Yesudas was Kerala’s great asset. Mr. Yesudas, he said, had few equals not just for his proficiency as a singer, but also for his active interventions in and social, cultural, and humanitarian issues and secularism.
Minister for Cultural Affairs K.C. Joseph said Mr. Yesudas was the best person in contemporary Kerala to receive the award.
Leader of the Opposition V.S. Achuthanandan was also present. The award carries a purse of Rs.1.5 lakh, a statuette and citation.

Bullish on Natco  Colgate  Bodal Chemicals: Nimal BangLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bullish on Natco, Colgate, Bodal Chemicals: Nimal Bang
Rahul Arora, CEO, Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities prefers investing in Colgate over Britannia on cheaper valuations.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Rahul Arora, CEO, Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities shared his reading and outlook on stocks across various sectors. He also cherry picked his best bets. From the pharma space, he is positive on  Natco Pharma led by strong drug pipeline. In the FMCG space, he prefers investing in  Colgate over  Britannia on cheaper valuations.
The chemical stocks have come to fore post the continuous decline in global Brent prices. Arora likes  Bodal Chemicals given the company’s strong client profile, which is likely to drive their volume growth. He expects return ratio on the stock to be superior to most of its peers.
Also Read:   Secular triggers may take Nifty to 8300 levels, says InvestWorks
Below is the transcript of Rahul Arora’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal. For the complete interview watch the accompanying videos.
Anuj: Is the market beginning to look a bit frothy or would you say that is par for the course and we would continue to make new highs?
A: It is starting to run a little ahead of fundamentals. If you see consensus estimates on earnings also if they were to grow 15 percent in FY15 and 15 percent in FY16, you are already at about 15.5 times FY16. So I know there is a lot of euphoria on liquidity and you are seeing that in Domestic Institutional Investors (DIIs) as well. In the month of August DIIs actually pumped in a very strong buy figure. But I think it is getting a little bit ahead of itself and if you see exactly the point that you mentioned people are now struggling to find ideas which is why you are seeing the quality of stocks that is going up in mid and small cap indices are actually quite questionable.
So for the immediate short-term I think somewhere around 8300-8400 could be a bit of a top on the market. But even there the fundamentals are stretching themselves. There is a lot of hope and anticipation, I think 15 percent of earnings growth is too strong to be expecting in this year. Perhaps it will come through in FY16 but we are not expecting too much of an upside from here between now and March end on the headline indices.
Ekta: Would you recommend profit booking to investors who have made around 250-300 percent?
A: Yes because we are not beginning a bull market. If you look at the west, typically a bull run is characterised by 20 percent appreciation in any asset class. Point to point over the last one year you have seen the Bank Nifty up 65 percent and the Nifty is up 60 percent. So by that logic we actually had a triple bull run in one year and to expect that a 60-65 percent run can extend itself unabated, I think at some stage realisation will kick in and if you see the returns that capital goods, even cement. You look at names like ABB, Siemens India, they are growing at 55-60 times one year forward without too much improvement in underlying fundamentals.
Cement historically we have assigned a 1.2 times multiplier to volume growth on GDP. That has also gone way out of wag. If you just rewind six months back, people were not ready to give this market a 15 times P/E one year forward. We were probably trending between 12.5-13.5 times. It has just rerated itself and I can understand the euphoria because of liquidity because of what Draghi has done and said, because of what the Japanese PM has said, because of what the Chinese PM has said and a lot of anticipation of what has happened on foreign policy by PM Modi. But just to continue to expect it going unabatedly, that one trigger will come through at some point in time and you will be better off taking some profits on sectors which are interest rate sensitive related or beta as you call it rather than waiting for the correction and saying that you missed out on 10-15 percent profit and you have to book 10-15 percent.
RELATED NEWS

Don t see crude falling to $100/ bbl anytime soon: PlattsSep 12, 2014, 02.40 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Don't see crude rising to $100/ bbl anytime soon: Platts
Vandana Hari of Platts says the fundamental demand-supply story – supply glut and low demand – points to downward pressure on prices. She does not see oil prices racing back to USD 100 anytime soon.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Don't see crude rising to $100/ bbl anytime soon: Platts
Vandana Hari of Platts says the fundamental demand-supply story – supply glut and low demand – points to downward pressure on prices. She does not see oil prices racing back to USD 100 anytime soon.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Fall in crude prices to USD 98 from USD 115 notwithstanding, fundamentals at the moment point to sustained bearishness, says Vandana Hari, Editorial Director - Asia, Platts. The fundamental demand-supply story – supply glut and low demand – points to downward pressure on prices. She does not see oil prices racing back to USD 100 anytime soon.
But now the question is will supply be cut back to match demand? With Libyan production of around 700,000 barrels per day back on the table and Saudi still producing large quantities, the supply glut may continue for some more time. Saudi Arabia has the largest excess capacity and last year it had stepped in quickly post the Libyan crisis to increase supply. At the moment, it seems like Saudi is acting a little unilaterally, Hari says.
Also Read: Falling Brent or reform hope? Buyers take fancy to oil PSUs
Also, cutting back supply may not be an option at the moment considering the fact that there is still a threat hanging over Libyan production, even Iraq for that matter. Till this point, there hasn’t been any disruption in crude oil production from Iraq despite the ongoing tensions there.
Hari says supply from non-OPEC – part of the world that is not affected by the Middle-Eastern crisis – particularly the United States, is more than enough to handle current and projected demand from the world over. There is ample stock and ample supply even in OECD countries, she adds.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Vandana Hari's interview with CNBC-TV18’s Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra.
Anuj: Do you get a sense that with USD 100 per barrel having broken conclusively we are now set for some time below the USD 100 per barrel mark for Brent crude and could it seek lower levels maybe towards USD 95 per barrel or so?
A: The fundamentals do point to sustained bearishness. As you just mentioned back in mid June, Brent was at USD 115 per barrel. Now that level seems quite far away.
If you look at the supply-demand fundamental story, which has taken hold of the market, supply glut is how it is being described and persistently low demand growth rates that we are seeing not just in the developed world but in countries like China as well. So, personally I wouldn’t be too surprised if we see oil not rising back up to USD 100 per barrel anytime soon.
We have consistently seen bargain hunting, buying on dips but it does seem now especially this week after we saw International Energy Agency (IEA) and Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) both sound very negative about demand growth - it does seem like oil is headed south at least for now.
Ekta: Will there be a cut in supply in order to balance out the demand supply situation?
A: That is the USD 100 question now especially being post to Saudi Arabia because they have traditionally been the swing producer apart from being the largest OPEC producer and exporter, they are also the ones with the largest excess capacity.
Last year we did see some of the Arabia step in very quickly. They are also the one country that is able to step in very quickly to put any extra supplies that are needed on to the market and they did that last year. As the Libyan crude production comes back on line, something that the Saudi has been trying to compensate in the past few months by stepping up their own production to nearly 10 million barrels per day, a historic high for the kingdom. The question now is with Libyan production back to nearly 700,000 barrels per day from close to zero in several months what is Saudi Arabia going to do?
Having said that, it is not a very easy question for Saudi Arabia as well. Of course they have always been the dove within the OPEC, they don’t like to take a very hawkish stance on prices at the same time not just Saudi Arabia but nobody within OPEC would like to see sustained drop in prices. Their budgets, their economies have all gotten used to prices over USD 100.
For now it does seem that Saudi Arabia is acting a little bit unilaterally as it has done in stepping up production in previous months as well. So, we saw that Saudi Arabian production, what they reported as their own production, dropped in August to about 9.6 million barrels per day from a little over 10 million barrels per day in July. Now, that could be also because their own consumption goes down. Their consumption goes up for power generation in the summer months and it goes down after that.
Whether it is for that or whether Saudi’s are trying to put a sort of a floor under the prices, I think coming months will tell depending on how much more they continue cut or maybe not.
Ekta: What is the risk of geopolitical tensions on crude prices now because the Libyan production like you mentioned is back but is it still vulnerable in terms of any sort of geopolitical tensions in order for them to possibly scale back production and then we have seen America take out a full scale war – not a war but a lash back to the ISIS. Do you think that that could possibly weigh on crude prices in any which way?
A: You have made a very good point. We are all saying Libyan production is back up to 700,000 barrels per day. What is the guarantee if you ask that it remains at this level or continues climbing back to 1.6 million barrels per day which the country is capable of producing? There is no guarantee.
Even in the previous months through the strife in Libya we have seen them coming close to an agreement and then things just suddenly go all over again. So, there is threat hanging over Libyan production for coming months.
For that matter even Iraq, for now the market seems to be reassured that ISIS no matter what their influence and the areas that they are capturing within Northern Iraq but so far they have not managed to affect or stop any oil supplies from Iraq. However, nobody can guarantee that that will always remain the case. So, geopolitical threats, it does remain.
The US plans to launch air strikes again. It does pose a little more uncertainty. How is this whole Middle East situation which is right now quite a flash point how is it going to pan out? However, right now what is happening, if I try to explain to you why this overwhelming bearishness is the most dominant in the market is that supply from non OPEC part of the world which is not affected by this Middle East crisis, US obviously, so that supply is quite abundant.
The US is producing about 8.5 million barrels per day. Next year it is expected to go to 9.5 million barrels per day. So, all the global oil demand growth that is projected, the US alone can supply. Canadian production is rising as well. So, the geopolitical threat does remain but it is really receded to the back of the minds of the market players because there is ample supply from elsewhere.
Also, not to forget there is a lot of ample stocks as well. IEA yesterday said that stocks in the OECD countries rose for the seventh month in a row. So, stocks have continued to build because of ample supply and not enough demand in Europe especially.
RELATED NEWS

MakeMyTrip floats $15M innovation fund to back travel-related startups... Lender to affordable schools Varthana raises $4.4M from Omidyar  LGT...MakeMyTrip floats $15M innovation fund to back travel-related startups... Lender to affordable schools Varthana raises $4.4M from Omidyar  LGT...
J&K floods: Patients cry as hospitals break downJ&K floods: Patients cry as hospitals break down
EU imposes new economic sanctions on Russia over UkraineEU imposes new economic sanctions on Russia over Ukraine
Pistorius set to rake in millions post being cleared of murdering SteenkampPistorius set to rake in millions post being cleared of murdering Steenkamp
More Sanctions Against Russia if it Destabilises Ukraine  Says ObamaMore Sanctions Against Russia if it Destabilises Ukraine  Says Obama
NTPC pays total dividend of Rs 4 741.16 crore to GoI for FY 2013-14NTPC pays total dividend of Rs 4 741.16 crore to GoI for FY 2013-14
L&T secures Rs 18.85 bn order from NTPCL&T secures Rs 18.85 bn order from NTPC
J&K floods: Rescue operations by Army and IAF continuePlease answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

Lumia prices will come down: Nokiagadgets (general)
As users of feature phones in India, which form nearly 70 per cent of the mobile phone market in the country, look to transition to ‘affordable smartphones’, Microsoft Devices is looking at bringing down the prices of products in its Lumia series to grab a pie of the immensely competitive segment. 
“Driven by increasing aspirations and the replacement trend — the affordable smartphone segment (Rs. 8,000-12,000) is seeing exponential growth,” Viral Oza, director-marketing, Nokia India, a subsidiary of Microsoft Mobile Oy said.
Microsoft Devices operates the handset business acquired from Nokia earlier this year for over $7.2 billion. 
He added, “We see a lot of opportunity in the affordable smartphone segment. So, Lumia prices will come down. We presently have about 4-5 devices in this segment and this number will go up.” 
Presently, the company sells 13 devices under the Lumia series in the Indian market, of which four — Lumia 530, 520, 525 and 630 — are priced under Rs. 12,000. 
According to research firm IDC, the overall India mobile phone market stood at 63.21 million units in second quarter of 2014, an increase of 5 per cent over Q1 2014. 
The firm said sub-$200 (about Rs. 12,000) category of the smartphone market is increasing in terms of new shipment share. It added with the influx of Chinese vendors and Mozilla entering the smartphone category at the $50 price level, the low-end segment of the smartphone market will become crucial in the coming quarters.
On changes post Microsoft taking over, Mr. Oza said, “Things are pretty good. We continue to operate like we used to. There are some process changes but there are no major differences.”

Army engineers build bridges within a day in JammuArmy engineers build bridges within a day in Jammu, Poonch
1/10
Army builds bridges in flood hit J&K
11 Sep, 2014
Tweet
Text: PTI & Agencies
In less than 24 hours, teams of Army engineers have re-built two bridges in Poonch and Jammu districts of flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir.
In pic: Army jawans restore a bridge damaged in the flash floods in Poonch.

Remembering 9/11 - 13th anniversary of the deadly terrorist attacksTweet
Text: Reuters
Until a few months ago, the part of New York City where crowds will gather on Thursday morning to mark the 13th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on the United States had been mostly fenced off to the public.
This year, for perhaps the first time since the attacks, a sense of normalcy and openness has taken root in the city blocks where two airliners hijacked by militants from al Qaeda crashed into the World Trade Center's twin towers.

How govt plans to protect you from unfair practicesYou are here: Home > Collections
Government plans Consumer Protection Authority to protect consumers from unfair trade practices
Deepshikha Sikarwar & Madhvi Sally Sep 11, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
CII
(The Narendra Modi government…)
NEW DELHI: India will allow consumers to take class action against goods or services providers as part of the new stringent regime likely to be in place by next year to empower buyers.
The Narendra Modi government has decided to create an agency similar to the US Federal Trade Commission , known as the Consumer Protection Authority, to protect Indian consumers from unfair trade practices and ensure faster resolution of grievances.
Food minister Ram Vilas Paswan on Wednesday said the proposed authority will have executive and investigative powers. "A number of provisions from online filing of complaints, speedy disposal of consumer disputes, concept of mediation process will be introduced to settle disputes in 30 days," he said, referring to the proposed amendments to the Consumer Protection Act 1986.
A senior consumer affairs ministry official said, "There has been a growing feeling that consumers do not get quick redressal and framework available is lagging behind. There is also a need align the framework in line with global best practices and new business practices that have cropped up."
The authority would also be able to take up cases such as Saradha deposit scheme to protect classes of investors, also consumers, if they have been duped by a fly-bynight operator.
The ministry of consumer affairs will move a proposal to the cabinet for amendment of the law that would create the authority to protect consumers against unfair trade practices by September end, the official said. The Consumer Protection Act was passed in 1986. "We are keen that bill is taken up in the winter session of the Parliament," the official said.
The authority would be able to take suo motu action and order 'recall, refund and return' of a product if it affects a group of consumers.
Class action suits have been used by consumers in the US and many European countries are also emulating by amending consumer laws. The new law will also have provision for punitive damages without limit, along lines of the US consumer redressal framework.
India does not have a provision for mandatory mass recall of products though some companies have voluntarily done so. The amendments to the law that came into being in 1986 also takes into account the changes in business environment and the emergence of ecommerce delivery platforms leaving consumers vulnerable.
Comprehensive changes proposed to the consumer protection law also include inclusion of a product liability clause that will entitle any consumer to damages irrespective of a civil contract if a product has caused physical, mental, emotional inconvenience. It will cover all aspects of a consumer's dealing with a product including misleading advertisements.
The government is also proposing to allow non-advocates to plead before district consumer forums.
To reform the working of these courts that have a large number of cases pending, the government is proposing to allow only one appeal against a forum's order. Besides, the government is also looking to empower itself to oversee the working of consumer courts to bring efficiency in the delivery of justice to an affected consumer. As many as 15,000 cases are pending at the national commission, including some as old as 17 years.
The industry is supportive but has concerns over some changes, for which the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) grouping has given a detailed representation.
"CII is working with the government in the development of robust and practical legislation which safeguards the interests of both consumers and legitimate business," said Kurush Grant, chairman, CII FMCG Committee.
In order to streamline the 623 district consumer courts in the country, it's proposed to make member salaries and allowances uniform, officials said. In October, the bill will be sent to cabinet and we intend to table it in the winter session," said a government official.
Preeti Shah of Ahmedabad's Consumer Education & Research Centre said the amendments were badly needed. "The most important thing is the concept of product liability which they have added in the bill," she said.
According to her the concept of the Consumer Protection Authority was innovative and ambitious.
"If government puts the structure in place as has been envisaged, it will be a great fillip to the consumer movement," she said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Narendra Modi wants state pointsmen in each ministryNarendra Modi directs central ministries to designate nodal officers to address issues raised by CMs
Dheeraj Tiwari Sep 11, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Narendra Modi
(The move is in line with the…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi has directed all the central ministries to designate a nodal officer to deal with issues raised by chief ministers and respond quickly to correspondence received from them.
The move is in line with the prime minister's stress on increasing cooperation with the states and involving them more in wider decision making.
"The idea is to streamline the system of communication. If there are any issues pending with different ministries, such nodal officers will be coordinating for a speedy resolution," said a government official aware of the development.
Treating issues raised by states sensitively and swiftly has been one of Prime Minister Modi's top mantras for governance, enunciated right from his first meeting with officials in the PMO on May 28.
Modi is the first former chief minister to become prime minister of India since 1991, when PV Narasimha Rao , a former Andhra Pradesh chief minister, took on the country's top job.
"India's progress lies in the progress of states and this would strengthen our federal structure," Modi had told PMO officials in his first meeting after taking over.
In a directive to all ministries, the PMO has sought early action on naming such officers, who would be the point-persons for issues that states flag with the Centre. Once an issue is raised by a state, these officers would be responsible for following up on requisite actions within their respective ministries and keep the state abreast of developments.
"The government is committed to work closely with the states and this is one of the many steps that are being worked out to strengthen such mechanism," said the official quoted earlier.
In his Independence Day speech, Modi had acknowledged that state governments have been at the centre of India's development, adding that the country's federal structure is more important today than in the last 60 years.
The prime minister in his speech had noted that to further strengthen the federal structure and make it more vibrant, the present structure of Centre-state coordination through Planning Commission needs rejuvenation.
"To take our federal structure as a heritage of development, a team of chief minister and prime minister should be there, a joint team of the Centre and the states should move forward," he had said.
Outlining the vision of the Modi government, President Pranab Mukherjee in his address to Parliament had said that the government will reinvigorate fora such as the National Development Council and the Inter-State Council in order to actively engage with the states on national issues.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government considering steps to revive SEZs: Nirmala SitharamanCommerce Minister
(Government today said it…)
NEW DELHI: The government will soon unveil measures to revive special economic zones (SEZs), refocusing them as exports and manufacturing hubs, commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman said on Wednesday.
The departments of commerce and revenue are actively considering the adjustments in taxes like minimum alternate tax (MAT) and dividend distribution tax (DDT), levies that have substantially reduced attraction of these zones proposed to boost exports.
The government could also allow dual use of infrastructure in non-processing areas for regular manufacturing. "Specific issues related to SEZs are being discussed, be it the taxation part or SEZ dual use. The policy is not just for exporters but also other manufacturers. It (dual use) will ensure optimum utilisation of zones. Developers, too, will get early returns," said the minister at the commerce department briefing to mark 100 days of the Narendra Modi-led government.
Other issues such as those relating to service tax, extending the tax holiday for the pharmaceutical industry and extension of customs ICEGATE system to the SEZ framework, are also being discussed by the government.
FOREIGN TRADE POLICY 2014-19
The government will soon announce foreign trade policy for 2014-19, which will be comprehensive and composite and focus on branding, packaging, targeted global engagements and products with high export potential. "FTP would hopefully come soon. We are in the process of consultations. The policy will be aimed to give direction to the economy and facilitate manufacturing," said commerce secretary Rajeev Kher .
More focused direction would be given to utilisation of FTAs and to establish new approaches to preferential trading with Latin America, CIS region and Africa. "With things not moving at WTO, it is becoming important to enter preferential trade agreements with different regions. We will focus on markets in China and Japan," said Kher. There is a need for a seamless South Asia and we are working towards that, he added.
The government will also strategise global trade engagements and conclude trade pacts where negotiations are in advanced stages, such as with the EU and Peru/Columbia. It has requested states to develop an export strategy. Additional measures for promotion of export of orthodox and packaged tea and GI branding of tea are likely to be announced in the foreign trade policy.
INDIA-CHINA BUSINESS TIES
"China is likely to announce establishment of industrial parks in India during their president's visit," said Sitharaman. India shares a large trade deficit of $36 billion with China. "India will ask China to set up manufacturing units for exports as it seeks to restore economic momentum and provide jobs for tens of thousands of people entering the workforce each month," she added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt asks UIDAI to generate 100 cr Aadhaar numbersYou are here: Home > Collections > Uidai
Government asks UIDAI to generate 100 crore Aadhaar numbers by 2015
PTI Sep 10, 2014, 10.31PM IST
Tags:
AADHAAR
(According the statement,…)
NEW DELHI: Government today approved Phase -V of Unique Identification project which entails generation of 100 crore Aadhaar numbers by 2015 including enrolments done under the National Population Register.
The government has also given go-ahead to the Unique Identification Authority of India, which is implementing the Aadhaar project, to undertake enrolments in Uttar Pradesh , Bihar , Chhattisgarh and Uttarakhand.
"The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA), chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, today gave its approval for Phase-V of the UID scheme for undertaking enrolments in the four States of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh and Uttarakhand ," a press release said here.
According the statement, with this approval, the UIDAI has been given the target of generation of 100 crore Aadhaar numbers by 2015.
Generation of 100 crore Aadhaar or unique identification numbers includes UID numbers issued in respect of enrolments done under the National Population Register in 12 states and union territories allocated to it.
According to the CCEA decision, the comprehensive proposals regarding Aadhaar Sampark Kendra, Information, Education and Communication Campaigns, Document Management System and Rent Rates and Taxes, will be prepared by UIDAI and a revised cost estimate will be submitted for appraisal of the Expenditure Finance Committee.
UIDAI was established in 2009 with a mandate to generate and assign UID numbers to residents of India. Under the UID scheme, enrolment is done by registrars through enrolment agencies, and the government provides outcome based financial assistance to them.
As on date, more than 67.38 crore Aadhaar numbers have been generated by the UIDAI since August 2010, when the first such Aadhaar was generated. The total expenditure incurred by UIDAI since inception is Rs 4,906 crore (as on August 31 2014).
The UID project aims to ensure inclusive growth by providing digital, online, verifiable identity to all residents, including marginalised sections of society.
It also aims at promoting efficient delivery of services and effective governance.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government approves fifth phase of Aadhaar enrollmentYou are here: Home > Collections > Uidai
Government approves fifth phase of Aadhaar enrollment in UP, Bihar, Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh
ET Bureau Sep 11, 2014, 04.51AM IST
Tags:
Aadhaar enrollment
(The decision was taken at…)
NEW DELHI: The government has approved the fifth phase of Aadhaar enrollment , taking the Unique Identification (UID) scheme to the four states of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Chhattisgarh and Uttarakhand.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA). There had been some doubts about the future of the Aadhaar scheme under the new government.
"With this, the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) has been given the target of generation of 100 crore Aadhaars by 2015," the government said in a statement after the meeting.
As of now 67.38 crore Aadhaar numbers have been generated by the UIDAI after the process started in August 2010.
The total expenditure incurred by UIDAI since inception is Rs 4,906 crore as of August 31, the government said in the statement.
The union cabinet also reviewed the progress of the government's ambitious financial inclusion scheme, the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY). "The cabinet reviewed progress and was told that so far three crore accounts have been opened," said a government official, requesting anonymity.
Last month, Prime Minister Narendra Modi had launched PMJDY, which seeks to cover about 7.5 crore unbanked households in the country.
Modi shortened the time for achieving the target to six months, urging the finance ministry to complete the task by January 26, 2015.
CCEA also approved Rs 287.67 crore for payment of statutory dues and salaries of 11 loss-making, state-run companies. These include Hindustan Cables, HMT Machine Tools and Nagaland Pulp and Paper Co. and Hindustan Photo Films.
The committee approved an additional liquid bulk terminal at Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT) at an estimated total cost of Rs 2,496 crore.
"The project will be taken up for implementation under the public private partnership (PPP) mode on design, build, finance, operate and transfer basis," an official statement said.
The entire investment of Rs 2,496 crore on the project will be made by the concessionaire.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K Floods: Thousands still trapped; rescue operations intensifypicture  others
J&K Floods: Thousands still trapped; rescue operations intensify
With thousands still trapped inside their homes, the death toll in Jammu and Kashmir due to the floods is likely to increase even as rescue and relief operations have intensified.
Army rescuing flood victims in Rambagh in Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Army personnel rescue civilians at the Haft Chinar in Srinagar in Kashmir. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Residents atop drowned vehicles at Haft Chinar area of Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Army personnels rescue civilians at the Haft Chinar in Srinagar in Kashmir. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Civilian rescuers try to manage a boat in the flood waters at Haft Chinar in Srinagar, Kashmir. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
A Man stuck in his inundated house at the Haft Chinar area of Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Army personnel rescue civilians at the Haft Chinar in Srinagar in Kashmir. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
NDRF men rescue civilians at the Haft Chinar area of Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
A young child being rescued at the Haft Chinar area of Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)

Google Hangouts app to have now free voice calling serviceGoogle Hangouts app to now have free voice calling service
By AFP | 11 Sep, 2014, 10.44AM IST
Google is merging capabilities of its online calling service with Hangouts, which became a hit feature in the technology titan's Google+ social network.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
SAN FRANCISCO: Google today began letting people use its Hangouts message application for mobile devices to make free or low-cost voice calls over the Internet.
"Hangouts already makes it easy to send a quick message, or start a group video chat," Google product manager Amit Fulay said in a blog post.
"But, sometimes its best to just call to say 'I love you,' and with the new version of Hangouts you can."
Google is essentially merging capabilities of its Voice online calling service with Hangouts, which became a hit feature in the technology titan's Google+ social network because of its free group video chat capabilities.
Calls are free between Hangouts users and to numbers in the United States or Canada, according to Fulay, who described international call rates as "really low."
Hangouts calls will be available in the new version of the application tailored for mobile devices powered by Google-backed Android software.
On Apple devices or desktop computers, Hangouts calls should be possible when next the applications are used.

Android Wear 2.0 may launch as soon as next monthAndroid Wear 2.0 may launch as soon as next month
By Gizmodo | 6 Sep, 2014, 05.00PM IST
0
Share More
Singleton mentioned that the updating schedule would be fast and furious with multiple updates planned before the end of the year. The rumored October 15th update might just be the biggest one among many.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
Darren Orf
Almost seven months after the platform's launch in March, Android Wear may already be preparing for its first update, according to Android Police. And it could have some goodies you've been waiting for.
Citing an anonymous source, the site believes Google could be pushing out Android Wear 2.0 (official name pending) on or around October 15th. Though unconfirmed, early speculation is that this update will get much needed GPS and Bluetooth headphone support as well as an easier way to develop custom watchfaces. It also comes conveniently around when we're expecting a Moto 360 and G Watch R release, so maybe also some optimization for round watchfaces, though that's purely speculation.
Android Police's insider info corroborates an earlier report, published by CNET, that spoke with Android Wear Design Director David Singleton. Singleton mentioned that the updating schedule would be fast and furious with multiple updates planned before the end of the year. The rumored October 15th update might just be the biggest one among many.
Such a rigorous update schedule would only solidify Google's wearable lead ahead of Apple, whose own long-awaited iWatch may not ship until early 2015. By then, Android Wear could already be making solid progress on its third major update.
In its infancy, smartwatches are playing out much like smartphones. Tons of Android options and updates, one iWatch to rule them all, and...Microsoft nowhere in sight. I'm sure Google wouldn't mind the repeat. [Android Police]

M&M Studying US Entry for Ssangyong Auto UnitYou are here: Home Corporates
M&M Studying US Entry for Ssangyong Auto Unit
Reuters | Updated On: September 11, 2014 16:31 (IST)
Hero MotoCorp Plans to Invest Rs 1,600 Crore in New Plant: Report
New Delhi:
Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd, India's largest utility vehicle maker, is conducting early-stage studies on selling cars in the United States made by its wholly owned South Korean unit Ssangyong Motor Co, a senior executive said.
"Right now what we are doing is very early feasibility study of which products will make sense for the US, what will it take to make those products work, whether it will be financially viable to launch in the US," Pawan Goenka, president of Mahindra's automotive and farm equipment sectors told Reuters in an interview on Thursday.
Mr Goenka did not say when the feasibility study, which started four to six months ago, is expected to be completed. He said that the company will look at having multiple Ssangyong products available in the United States.
"Once we have the board approve the US project, then we will have to start the work," the executive said. It would take at least two to two and a half years after board approval before any US products could be launched, he said.
Under Mahindra's ownership, Ssangyong is investing nearly $1 billion on its product lineup as part of a strategic plan to break into the United States and Asian markets including China.
Ssangyong aims to use new models to position the South Korean brand as a value-for-money sports utility vehicle supplier, knowledgeable people close to the company say. It will target the US market where Ssangyong never sold cars on its own previously.
The South Korean firm has also held talks with local Chinese automakers and other industry concerns in China to possibly begin production of Ssangyong cars in mainland China, the world's biggest auto market, they say.
"We have not made any firm plans but eventually manufacturing in China, once we get to a certain level in volume, would be something we will be looking at," Mr Goenka said.
Ssangyong could set up a manufacturing plant in China if sales there rise to 50,000 vehicles a year, the brand's sole China agent Pang Da Automobile Trade Co Ltd said earlier this month.
Foreign automakers that want to manufacture in China must take on a local partner under the country's regulations. Pang Da does not have a manufacturing licence, but would be willing to invest in any Ssangyong joint venture, Pang Da officials have said.
This year, Ssangyong, which was acquired by Mahindra in 2011, expects sales of 20,000 vehicles in China, a more than three-fold jump from the 6,300 vehicles it sold a year ago.
In India, Mahindra plans to roll out two compact utility vehicles and a commercial vehicle in 2015 to try to regain lost customers. Its share of the utility vehicle market fell to 42 per cent in 2013-14 from nearly 48 per cent a year earlier.
"Right now we are sort of at the bottom of the cycle. Once we start launching we will start picking up again," Goenka said, adding the company is confident it will "undoubtedly" be able to claw back some of its lost market share after the new product launches.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

M&M studying US entry for Ssangyong auto unitMahindra and Mahindra studying US entry for Ssangyong auto unit
Aditi Shah        Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 17:45 IST
Mahindra and Mahindra, India's largest utility vehicle maker, is conducting early-stage studies on selling cars in the United States made by its wholly owned South Korean unit Ssangyong Motor Co, a senior executive said.
"Right now what we are doing is very early feasibility study of which products will make sense for the US, what will it take to make those products work, whether it will be financially viable to launch in the US," Pawan Goenka, president of Mahindra 's automotive and farm equipment sectors told Reuters in an interview on Thursday.
Goenka did not say when the feasibility study, which started four to six months ago, is expected to be completed. He said that the company will look at having multiple Ssangyong products available in the United States.
"Once we have the board approve the US project, then we will have to start the work," the executive said. It would take at least two to two and a half years after board approval before any US products could be launched, he said.
Under Mahindra's ownership, Ssangyong is investing nearly $1 billion on its product lineup as part of a strategic plan to break into the United States and Asian markets including China.
Ssangyong aims to use new models to position the South Korean brand as a value-for-money sports utility vehicle supplier, knowledgeable people close to the company say. It will target the US market where Ssangyong never sold cars on its own previously.
The South Korean firm has also held talks with local Chinese automakers and other industry concerns in China to possibly begin production of Ssangyong cars in mainland China, the world's biggest auto market, they say.
"We have not made any firm plans but eventually manufacturing in China, once we get to a certain level in volume, would be something we will be looking at," Goenka said.
Ssangyong could set up a manufacturing plant in China if sales there rise to 50,000 vehicles a year, the brand's sole China agent Pang Da Automobile Trade Co said earlier this month.
Foreign automakers that want to manufacture in China must take on a local partner under the country's regulations. Pang Da does not have a manufacturing licence, but would be willing to invest in any Ssangyong joint venture, Pang Da officials have said.
This year, Ssangyong, which was acquired by Mahindra in 2011, expects sales of 20,000 vehicles in China, a more than three-fold jump from the 6,300 vehicles it sold a year ago.
In India, Mahindra plans to roll out two compact utility vehicles and a commercial vehicle in 2015 to try to regain lost customers. Its share of the utility vehicle market fell to 42 percent in 2013-14 from nearly 48 percent a year earlier.
"Right now we are sort of at the bottom of the cycle. Once we start launching we will start picking up again," Goenka said, adding the company is confident it will "undoubtedly" be able to claw back some of its lost market share after the new product launches.
(Additional reporting by Norihiko Shirouzu in Beijing)
(Reuters)

Bitcoin unlikely to enjoy widespread useSeptember 11, 2014 4:06 pm
Bitcoin unlikely to enjoy widespread use
By Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/18b750a4-39bc-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hypnotic Video Uses Bowling Balls To Explain Physicsreddit
Everyone knows bowling balls are for knocking things down. But it turns out they're also pretty good at shoring up our knowledge of basic physics. Just have a look at this strangely hypnotic YouTube video showing a line of bowling balls on strings swinging back and forth like pendulums .
At the start of the "Pendulum Wave Demonstration" video, which was posted on Sept. 7 by YouTube user Maria Ikenberry , the balls swing side by side. But slowly they drift out of phase to form a wavelike pattern--because the strings that hold them are of different lengths and thus cause the balls to swing at different speeds. Then, amazingly, the balls fall back into phase at about 2:40.
What's going on here?
"It's something like if you had a whole bunch of clocks but each one was a little slower than the next," Dr. Jordan Ellenberg , a professor of mathematics at the University of Wisconsin and the author of How Not To Be Wrong told The Huffington Post in an email. "They would start in phase, then slowly drift out of phase--but if you chose the differences in speeds carefully, there would be a moment at some point later in the cycle where they all came into phase again."
You have to see it to believe it.
Also on HuffPost:
27 Funniest, Geekiest Science Jokes
of

3 crore bank A/cs opened till date under Jan Dhan: FinMinSep 11, 2014, 09.23 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
3 crore bank A/cs opened till date under Jan Dhan: FinMin
As many as 3.02 crore accounts have been opened under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), the Finance Ministry today said in a release.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
3 crore bank A/cs opened till date under Jan Dhan: FinMin
As many as 3.02 crore accounts have been opened under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), the Finance Ministry today said in a release.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
As many as 3.02 crore accounts have been opened under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), the Finance Ministry today said in a release.
Banks have been asked to hold camps every Saturday to facilitate further account opening, the ministry said. “In order to clarify the customer queries, two helplines have been set-up and a media campaign to further disseminate information under the scheme is being prepared,” it added.
The PMJDY is an ambitious initiative that was announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his Independence Day address where about 7.5 crore free bank accounts were to be opened in a year in order to push financial inclusion in a country where about 60 percent of its 125 crore population and 40 percent of its 25 crore households do not have access to financial services, and have to rely upon informal and costly sources for credit needs.
Banks opened about 1.84 crore accounts in the first two days of the scheme’s launch, the Finance Ministry said.
“To mark the launch of this ambitious mission, banks organized 1.04 lakh camps on August 28 and 29, out of which 64,000 camps were held in rural areas and 0.40 lakh in urban areas,” it added.
However, a total of 33 lakh RuPay debit cards, which are being given complimentary, have been issued till now and banks have been asked to speed up the process.
Banks have collected deposits of Rs 1,496.51 crore under the Scheme so far which works out to be Rs.495 per account, according to the statement. Till date, the country’s largest lender, State Bank of India, has opened the most accounts under the scheme: about 30 lakh.
Further incentives such as free life insurance cover of Rs 30,000 for every account holder are being worked out, the ministry said, adding that existing account holders can avail of these benefits as well.
The PMJDY is a highly ambitious program but it has come under attack from critics who have questioned some of its aspects -- such as offering a Rs 5,000 overdraft facility, saying it could further add to the stressed Indian banking sector – as well as the speed at which the rollout is taking place (leading to questions whether it could end up covering the “already financially-included” rather than the unbanked).
Sources have told CNBC-TV18 that the government intends to make the Aadhaar as the base identification document to open accounts under the scheme. This will pave the way for the controversial UIDAI project to become the base of the financial inclusion project.
Earlier, there were reports that the NDA government would put the Aadhaar project, a brainchild of the previous UPA government, on the backburner to promote its own NPR identification initiative but given the progress Aadhaar has made in enrollments (about 73 crore numbers issued), it has become clear the government would give it a further push to increase its coverage.
RELATED NEWS

Sundaram Clayton appoints Sudarshan  Lakshmi Venu as Joint MDsUpdated: September 11, 2014 23:54 IST
Sundaram Clayton appoints Sudarshan, Lakshmi Venu as Joint MDs
Special Correspondent
company information
The children of Venu Srinivasan have been given greater role in Sundaram Clayton, too.
The board of the company has decided to elevate Mr. Venu Srinvasan’s daughter Lakshmi Venu and son Sudarshan Venu as Joint Managing Directors. Ms. Lakshmi Venu is at present Director (Strategy) in the rank of Managing Director. Mr. Sudarshan Venu is currently a non-Executive Director.
Both of them will function under the advice and guidance of Mr. Venu Srinivasan, who is the Chairman and Managing Director of the company. These appointments are effective from Thursday, says a release.
Their elevation comes a day after TVS Motor board assigned them a bigger role in the affairs of the company.
It is now increasingly clear that the Generation Next in the family is now being prepared to eventually drive the Venu Srinivasan-led TVS group.

NASA s newest human spacecraft on the move#nasa #human spacecraft #spacecraft #robert cabana
Cape Canaveral: NASA is one step closer to launching its newest spacecraft designed for humans. Workers at Kennedy Space Center gathered to watch as the Orion capsule emerged from its assembly hangar on Thursday, less than three months from its first test flight.
The capsule sealed for protection slowly made its way to its fueling depot atop a 36-wheel platform. The capsule and its attached service module and adapter ring stretched 40 feet (12 meters) high.
"Isn't this awesome?" said Kennedy's director, Robert Cabana, a former space shuttle commander. "This is our step to the future, the exploration of establishing a presence in the solar system."
The capsule sealed for protection slowly made its way to its fueling depot atop a 36-wheel platform.
Space center employees lined up along the rope barricade to snap pictures of Orion, NASA's lofty follow-on to the now-retired space shuttle program. During its December 4 test flight, the unmanned capsule will shoot more than 3,600 miles (5,800 kilometers) into space and take two big laps around Earth before re-entering the atmosphere at 20,000 mph (32,000 kph) and parachuting into the Pacific off the San Diego coast. The entire mission will last 4Â½ hours.
The second Orion flight won't occur until around 2018 when another unmanned capsule soars atop NASA's new megarocket, still under development, called SLS for Space Launch System. NASA intends to put astronauts aboard Orion in 2021 for deep space exploration; each capsule can accommodate up to four.
The plan is to use Orion for getting humans to asteroids and Mars no space station ferry trips for Orion. A handful of private US companies are competing for these short taxi flights; NASA expects in the next week or so to pick one or two candidates for funding.

Sub-Saharan debt sales hit record high© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c511e490-39d0-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Century bond surge defies rate fearsSeptember 11, 2014 6:20 pm
Century bond surge defies rate fears
By Vivianne Rodrigues in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9c3f5fc0-39b7-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saradha scam: ED may grill Trinamool MPComments
Financial investigation agencies are probing whether a UAE-based financial firm linked to Trinamool Congress MP KD Singh was the destination of some of the funds raised from investors in the Saradha scam.
The ED and the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) are understood to be looking at whether Saradha used the hawala route to siphon off funds collected from its depositors and park them at Al Masah Capital Ltd, an asset management firm where Singh was vice-chairman.
Sources in the Enforcement Directorate, which investigates foreign exchange violations and money laundering, said that Singh was likely to be examined soon.
“We are trying to tap all possible links of Saradha Group both nationally as well as overseas. During the course of our investigations on these lines, we tracked Saradha’s links in the UAE and there the name of Al Masah surfaced. We are going into details in the probe regarding Saradha’s tax-haven links,” said an SFIO official.
Singh’s office did not respond to repeated queries, but in an earlier conversation with HT, Singh had denied knowledge of any links between Saradha and Al Masah. He had said that he was offered the post of honorary vice-chairman of the UAE company for a year and had quit before entering the world of parliamentary politics.
The Saradha scam, caused by the collapse of a Ponzi scheme run by the Saradha group, a consortium of over 200 companies running a wide variety of collective investment schemes in mainly in West Bengal, Assam and Odisha. The group collapsed in April 2013, causing an estimated loss of about Rs. 10,000 crore to over 1.7 million depositors.
The Bengal government instituted an inquiry commission to probe the scam and set up a Rs. 500-crore fund to ensure that low-income investors got back some part of their investments. The Centre also launched a multi-agency probe.

After 9/11  US taxpayers shell out $10.5mn every hour to fund war against terrorThe 13th anniversary of the biggest terrorist attack on American soil, which changed the global paradigm of terrorism, is on Thursday.
 
George Bush, the then US president, had said that the United States will use all its resources to conquer the enemy and the battle will take time to resolve but will be won.
 
Interestingly, US President Barack Obama laid out his ISIS plans in a televised speech on Wednesday. Obama said he has the “authority he needs to take action” against the ISIS.
 
A war definitely takes a huge social toll, but how much did it cost the US economically to continue with its engagements in Afghanistan and Iraq since 2001?
 
If we take a look at the cost of its wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, then US taxpayers have been paying $10.5 million every hour to fund it. Interestingly, $10 million has been used in Afghanistan and the figure is still increasing every second.
 
The following interactive gives an idea of how much the taxpayers pay every hour on defence as compared to education, housing assistance, nutrition and medical aid:
 
Click here to see the interactive
 
If you add up the numbers, then US taxpayers pay almost $70 million on security related expenditure per hour and spend around $62 million for the county’s social needs.
 
Now, what would Americans fund if they had the power to decide?
 
We select the state of Texas and Illinois to conduct this trade off exercise as George Bush belonged to Texas and started the ‘war on terror’ and Obama represents the state of Illinois.
 
The graph above clearly shows the kind of change it can bring for its citizens if the US government substitutes its defence budget and invests in social parameters instead.
 
Apart from the economic aspect, the war in Afghanistan and Iraq has killed at least 6,800 US soldiers, 1, 54,000 civilians (direct casualty to the war to consequences like breakdown of public health) and uprooted more than 3 million people from their homes.
 
In response to a HT mail query, Neta Crawford, professor of political science at Boston University, says that it would have been unlikely that the US would have started a war in Iraq in 2003 if Al Gore or Obama would have been the president.
 
It is also doubtful if the Afghanistan invasion would have taken place at all, let alone the funding of the Northern Alliance in 2001.
 
Crawford also suspects that ISIS engagement of the US can lead to a far larger commitment, which is $7.5 million a day right now.
 
Recent air strikes by the US have helped the Iraqi forces secure the Haditha Dam area from the ISIS. More than 100 air strikes took place on ISIS targets in Iraq since August this year.
 
Obama should keep the real cost of war in mind before he takes on the ISIS.
Interactive : Vignesh Radhakrishnan (@vinuthewriter)

Rick Noack and Swati SharmaThe violence against Karla Silva has struck a chord around the country.
Sep 11, 2014
Mexico falls behind in its treaty obligations to give the United States water from the Rio Grande.
Sep 8, 2014
Former secretary of state said that she was “particularly concerned” about Europe faltering in the face of Russian intimidation.
Sep 5, 2014
New Jersey governor makes quick trip south of the border, but stays away from contentious issues.
Sep 4, 2014
Nation’s sluggish economy a key reason for drop in President Enrique Peña Nieto’s ratings.
Sep 3, 2014
The Mexican drug lord Chapo Guzman may be behind bars, but he might live by his own rules.
Aug 31, 2014
The fissure was likely caused by sucking out groundwater for irrigation to the point the surface collapsed.
Aug 26, 2014
The president fulfills a campaign promise with the new unit, which is intended to protect rural commerce.
Aug 22, 2014
Last month, the Caceres family left their home in Honduras to try to seek a better life in the United States. During their journey, 10-year-old Cindy Rodriguez Caceres became separated from the rest of her family.
Aug 19, 2014
A Honduran family never thought their daughter would be lost in the chaos of deportation.
Aug 19, 2014
Load More
About
Joshua Partlow is the Post’s bureau chief in Mexico. He has previously worked as the bureau chief in Kabul. Before coming to Afghanistan, he worked as the Post’s correspondent in South America, based in Rio de Janeiro, and as a correspondent in Iraq. Partlow joined the Washington Post in 2003 as an intern on the financial desk and later worked for the metro section covering the Maryland suburbs. He grew up in Olympia, Washington.
Most Read

No 10 corrects Hammond gaffe on SyriaSeptember 11, 2014 8:16 pm
No 10 corrects Hammond gaffe on Syria
By Jim Pickard and Kiran Stacey
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/470ed140-39b5-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ECB to press ahead with ABS-buying plan© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2a59daa0-38fb-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Maran coerced Aircel promoter into selling stake  says CBINew Delhi, September 11, 2014
Updated: September 12, 2014 00:25 IST
Aircel-Maxis deal case
Maran coerced Aircel promoter into selling stake, says CBI
Nirnimesh Kumar
Former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran. File photo
TOPICS
justice and rights
The Central Bureau of Investigation submitted before a court here on Thursday that the former Telecommunications Minister Dayanidhi Maran had coerced C. Sivasankaran, promoter of Aircel, to sell his stake in the company to the Maxis Group of Malaysia and thus made illegal gains.
The CBI counsel made this submission before Special Judge O.P. Saini, trying the 2G spectrum case, while requesting the court to take cognisance of the charge sheet against Mr. Maran, his brother Kalanidhi Maran and two others.
The agency filed the charge sheet on August 29 under various provisions of the Indian Penal Code and the Prevention of Corruption Act. Maxis Group promoter Tatparanandam Ananda Krishnan and Augustus Ralph Marshall, both Malaysian nationals, are the other accused.
Costly delay
Counsel said the then Minister kept pending several requests by Mr. Sivasankaran on the rollout of mobile services and thus prevented him from doing business. The delay made him lose money.
The argument will continue on September 22.
Sun Direct TV, promoted by the Marans; Maxis Communication Berhad; Astro All Asia Network PLC; and South Asia Entertainment Holding Ltd., the holding company of Sun Direct TV, are accused companies.
In March 2006, the Maxis Group bought a 74 per cent stake in Aircel. The charge sheet said Mr. Maran made an illegal gain of Rs. 742 crore in the garb of investments in Sun Direct TV by the Maxis Group.

Buy PNB  Sell Sun Pharma  M&M Today: Sanjeev BhasinMid-cap State-run Banks Gain on Fresh Long Positions
The 50-share Nifty is likely to stay range-bound amid routine profit booking across most Asian markets. Overseas investors continue to be overweight India and fund flows continue to remain robust. The Nifty is likely to be range bound between 8050-8150 for today.
These stocks with a four-five day outlook may do well,
1) Buy Punjab National Bank: 962-967, stop loss 947, target 999
2) Buy Uco Bank: 86-88, stop loss 83, target 97
3) Sell Sun Pharma: 822-828, stop loss 840, target 782
4) Sell M&M: 1365-1372, stop loss 1402, target 1276
Also carry previous pair trades,
1) Buy Bank Nifty futures: 16230-16300, stop loss 16000, target 16750
2) Sell Nifty futures: 8130-8150, stop loss 8250, target 8020.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 08:26 (IST)

Sensex  Nifty open flat; Wipro  HDFC  ONGC top gainersSep 12, 2014, 09.58 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty open flat; Wipro, HDFC, ONGC top gainers
Wipro, TCS, HDFC, ONGC and ICICI Bank are top gainers.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty open flat; Wipro, HDFC, ONGC top gainers
Wipro, TCS, HDFC, ONGC and ICICI Bank are top gainers.
Post your opinion here
09:15
Moneycontrol Bureau
9:50 am Snowman debut day: Snowman Logistics shares will list today. It has fixed the issue price at higher end of the price band of Rs 44-47 apiece as majority of the bids were at the higher band.
After looking at great response to the issue, which got oversubscribed 60 times supported by QIBs, HNIs as well as retail, expectations for listing price are very high now.
According to sources, the grey market premium is around Rs 15-23 over the issue price of Rs 47, but experts' range for listing price is 5-45 percent.
Experts are very bullish on the stock in the long term as it is the only listed company in cold chain industry having excellent fundamentals, but their debut price range for the stock is very high.
9:35 am FII view: Abhay Laijawala, Deutsche Equities says the brokerage house believes that the skew in India's household savings to physical assets has bottomed and it may see a transition towards more productive financial assets.
“The trend of increasing allocation to equity MFs is one such sign of this shift, in our view. The financials sector should be the biggest beneficiary of the shift. Prospective stock beneficiaries include Kotak Mahindra Bank, Axis Bank, HDFC Bank, Bank of Baroda, PNB and LIC Housing Finance,” he adds.
The market has opened marginally higher. The Sensex is up 28.47 points at 27024.34 and the Nifty is up 1.35 points at 8087.05. About 607 shares have advanced, 152 shares declined, and 29 shares are unchanged.
Don't miss: Rajan warns of abrupt reversal of global low interest rates
Wipro, TCS, HDFC, ONGC and ICICI Bank are top gainers.Sun Pharma, Sesa Sterlute, HDFC Bank, GAIL and Hero are major laggards.
The Indian rupee opened flat at 60.97 per dollar against the previous day close of 60.92.The dollar hovered below a 14-month peak against a basket of major currencies as the sell-off in sterling and the euro tapered off, but commodity currencies remained under pressure.
Pramit Brahmbhatt of Veracity said, "Expect investors to trade cautiously and track the market closely at higher levels. Rupee is expected to trade rangebound to slightly weak tracking the local equity movement. See a range of 60.50-61.50/dollar."
IIP for July and CPI for august will be released today. A CNBC-TV18 poll sees IIP falling to 1.7 percent month on month primarily due to weak core sector data and base effect. CPI on the other hand is likely to soften to 7.7 percent mainly on account of food inflation. Core inflation will be key and could surprise with market expectation anywhere between 6.9 percent to 7.3 percent.
In the US, stocks cut losses to close mixed as geopolitical tensions lingered ahead of consumer data. Boosted by low oil prices, transports also gained and helped stocks turn positive.
In commodities, crude prices rebounded from multi-month lows as global tensions and profit-taking momentarily outweighed fears about ample supply. Separately IEA expects global oil demand to grow by 0.9 million barrels a day in 2014. That's a drop of 65,000 barrels per day, compared with last month's forecast.
From precious metals space, gold logged its fourth straight daily loss yesterday, weighed by increasing speculation that the US Federal Reserve could soon raise rates sooner than expected. It was trading around USD 1240 an ounce.
RELATED NEWS

Manmohan was aware of controversial decisions in 2G  coal scams: ex-CAG Vinod RaiComments
Former prime minister Manmohan Singh was aware of the controversial decisions made around the allocation of coal blocks and 2G spectrums that led to massive losses to the state exchequer, Vinod Rai, the former chief auditor of India, said on Thursday.
In an interview to Times Now, Rai also alleged some Congress leaders had sought to apply pressure on him to keep the PM's name out of audit reports.
 
Rai’s comments are his first direct attack against Singh who has so far denied knowledge of the decisions made by his ministers, scandals that rocked his premiership and contributed to the ouster of the Congress party-led UPA government in the April-May Lok Sabha elections.
His allegations are completely baseless and untrue,I challenge his memory-Sanjay Nirupam,Cong on former CAG Vinod Rai pic.twitter.com/W79pAQ3ScW
— ANI (@ANI_news) September 11, 2014
 
“In 2G and coal there is no way he can shirk responsibility,” Rai told the Outlook magazine in an interview published ahead of the September 15 launch of his tell-all book ‘Not Just An Accountant’.
 “In 2G all the letters written by A Raja were to him and he was replying to those letters. I got no reply to any letter I wrote to him.
 
“On one occasion when I called on him, the PM said I hope you don’t expect a reply from me, whereas he was replying to Raja twice a day. So how can he be not held responsible for the onus of that decision?”
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Manmohan Singh and suggested that the former PM was more interested in remaining in power.
Last month, Rai had said political exigency led the former PM to acquiesce to the controversial decisions which have since been ruled as illegal by court. The award of 2G spectrums has been cancelled by the Supreme Court, which is still hearing the case for scrapping the allocation of more than 200 coal blocks.
 
So far, the 81-year-old Singh, prime minister between 2004 and 2014, has been largely seen as a well-intentioned man of high personal integrity but one often unable to assert his authority.
 
Rai’s comments blow a hole into that image.
 
“Integrity is not just financial; it is intellectual integrity; it is professional integrity. You have an oath of allegiance to the constitution and that is important,” the former Comptroller and Accountant General (CAG) said.
 
“You cannot sacrifice everything at the altar of trying to ensure the coalition remains in power. That was his worry.”
 
Rai said Singh told him on 16 November that the CAG’s method of computation of the multi-billion dollar losses was wrong.
 
“I told him ‘Sir, these are the econometric methods that you have taught us’. This was sitting on the stage of Vigyan Bhavan.”
Read: Ex-CAG Rai claims 'outright lie', says Nirupam
Asked if at any stage he was offered support by the Gandhi family or the political establishment, Rai said: “I did not get a single reassuring signal either from the political machinery or the government, except one or two statements from Pranab Mukherjee.” He, however, hinted that the opposition supported the CAG.
 
As CAG, Rai issued a series of audit reports that upbraided Singh’s government for wasteful management or mismanagement of public resources and funds even as they brought corruption to light.
 
In the hands of the media and civil society, the audits became the most potent weapon for an overhaul in the way business is done in India, including spotlighting a shoddy method of governance that enriched the elite at the expense of the state.
Asked if he believed he rocked the UPA government, Rai said: “Yes, but that is okay. I am asking you a direct question – if the figure of Rs. 176,000 crore had not been there how many of you would have taken note of the report?
 
So was the intention to put out a sexy figure?
 
“No, I wanted to put out an alarm signal that this was just a tip of the iceberg,” Rai said.

Rupee down 9 paise against dollar in early tradeBritish Airways offers up to 50% off on select flights from India 5 days ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Larsen Toubro rebounds on bagging EPC contract from NTPCSep 12, 2014, 10.22 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Larsen & Toubro rebounds on bagging EPC contract from NTPC
"L&T through its joint venture company L&T-MHPS Boilers (LMB) has secured the first order worth Rs 1,885 crore from India's largest power generation company," said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Larsen & Toubro rebounds on bagging EPC contract from NTPC
"L&T through its joint venture company L&T-MHPS Boilers (LMB) has secured the first order worth Rs 1,885 crore from India's largest power generation company," said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Larsen and Toubro (L&T) rebounded by paring early losses after getting EPC contract for 1320 mw supercritical steam generators from state-run NTPC . The stock gained as much as 0.7 percent intraday Friday.
"L&T through its joint venture company L&T-MHPS Boilers (LMB) has secured the first order worth Rs 1,885 crore from India's largest power generation company," said the company in its filing.
The contract includes setting up of two units of 660 MW each supercritical steam generators for Tanda thermal power plant (in Uttar Pradesh) stage-II on an engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) basis.
The project is scheduled to be completed in 46 and 52 months for the respective units. "The order from NTPC affirms L&T's credentials in EPC execution of power plant equipment," said Shailendra Roy, whole-time director (power, minerals and metals).
LMB is currently executing 11 units of similar large capacity steam generators (660/700 MW) in India totalling 7340 MW. The company said two units of Nabha Power at Rajpura (Punjab) have already achieved commercial operation and the remaining are in advanced stages of execution.
At 09:30 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 1,604.75, up Rs 8.30, or 0.52 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Manmohan Singh isn t answerable  says Congress as ex-CAG blames him of inaction during scams#manmohan singh #bjp #upa #2g #coal scam #congress #rahul gandhi #sonia gandhi
New Delhi: The allegations of former Comptroller and Auditor General of India Vinod Rai has brought former prime minister Manmohan Singh back in the dock. In his yet to be released book "Not Just an Accountant", Rai has accused the former PM of taking no corrective measures to avert loss to the exchequer despite being aware of the actions of the various ministries and many cabinet ministers bringing the irregularities to his notice.
Questioning Singh's actions, the Bharatiya Janata Party asked as to what stopped him from intervening to stop the scams. "It is clear that he was not intervening but who was stopping him? Was it the 2G of the Congress that was preventing it - Sonia G and Rahul G? This is the big question that people of this country will ask," BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said.
However, a defiant Congress dedended Singh saying that he has nothing to answer. "In so far as the 2G case is concerned, the developments in the telecom sector between 1995 and 2009 were looked at extensively by the joint parliamentary committee. The committee in its report has debunked the theory that was put out by the then CAG. There is nothing that Manmohan Singh has to answer for," Congress leader Manish Tewari said.
Questioning Manmohan Singh's actions, the BJP asked the reason for his silence during the scams under the UPA regime.
The former CAG has also criticised Singh by saying that integrity is not just financial but intellectual and professional too and claimed that Congress leaders had sought to apply pressure on him to keen the PM's name out of audit reports. "Integrity is not just financial; it is intellectual integrity; it is professional integrity. You have an oath of allegiance to the constitution and that is important," he said.
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Singh and alleged suggested that he was more interested in remaining in power.
"You cannot have the nation being subjugated to the state and the state being a coalition of political parties. The belief was that good politics makes good economics too. But does good politics mean just staying in power," he asked.
Rai, who is writing a book on his days as head of the CAG, said his phone was tapped by the then UPA government and he felt Singh was part of the decisions to allocate 2G telecom spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
"There is no way Singh can shirk responsibility in in 2G and coal scams. In 2G all the letters written by then telecom Minister A Raja were to him and he was replying to those letters. I got no reply to any letter I wrote to him. On one occasion when I called on him, the PM said I hope you don't expect a reply from me, whereas he was replying to Raja twice a day. So how can he be not held responsible for the onus of that decision?," Rai said.

Sensex trading flat; CPI inflation data eyedHealthcare, consumer durables stocks help Sensex gain 65 points
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session marginally in the green amid mixed European cues. Investors remained cautious ahead of CPI inflation data due to be released today.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex was up 65.17 points at 27,061.04 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty was up 19.8 points at 8,105.50.
Among BSE sectoral indices, healthcare, consumer durables and auto indices were the star-performers and were up 0.74 per cent, 0.72 per cent and 0.64 per cent, respectively. On the other hand, power index fell the most by 1.29 per cent, followed by capital goods 0.81 per cent, realty 0.36 per cent and metal 0.21 per cent.
Cipla, Maruti, Bharti Airtel, ITC and SSLT were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were Hindalco, Sun Pharma, Tata Power, NTPC and L&T.
European shares inched higher early on Friday but remained in a tight range, as investors refrained from taking strong bets on indexes ahead of Scotland's referendum and the US Federal Reserve's policy meeting next week.
Investors awaited a meeting of euro-area finance ministers and data on US retail sales and consumer sentiment for clues about the outlook for stimulus and interest rates.
With just a week to go before Scots vote in a referendum on independence, a YouGov poll for The Times and Sun newspapers showed on Friday Scottish support for the union at 52 per cent versus support for independence at 48 per cent, excluding those who said they did not know how they would vote
Asian shares outside Japan fell as investors fretted that even the hint of a shift in Fed policy might spark a withdrawal of funds from emerging markets. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.3 per cent at one-month lows.
While there was little in the way of major data due in Asia, figures on US retail sales due later Friday could fuel speculation over US rates. Economists expect a solid rebound of 0.6 percent in August, up from a disappointingly flat reading in July and fuelled by a boom in auto sales.
A strong result would only add to speculation the Fed might refine, or even drop, its commitment to keeping rates low for a "considerable time" after its asset purchase programme ends.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

U.S. ex-contractor indicted for exporting military blueprints to Indiamilitary equipment
Hannah Robert, founder of One Source USA, used the computer of a local church to transfer technical drawings of military hardware parts, court documents say.
A former U.S. defence contractor, owner of two New Jersey-based firms, has been indicted by a U.S. court on charges of illegally exporting to India blueprints of the hi-tech military equipment and their parts.
Hannah Robert, 49, of North Brunswick, New Jersey is currently under home detention pending trial.
She has been charged in a superseding indictment with one count of violating the Arms Export Control Act, one count of conspiracy to violate the act and four counts of wire fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
According to court documents, Ms. Robert, founder, owner, and president of One Source USA, used the computer of a local church to transfer technical drawings of military hardware parts.
The exported technical drawings include parts used in the torpedo systems for nuclear submarines, military attack helicopters, and F-15 fighter aircraft, the Department of Justice said.
Ms. Robert-owned a One Source company in India (One Source India) along with a public relations firm. She also owned Caldwell Components based in New Jersey too.
Ms. Robert allegedly transmitted export-controlled technical data to a PR firm in India so that they could submit bids to foreigners, including those in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), to supply them or their foreign customers with defence hardware items and spare parts.
Neither Ms. Robert nor the PR firm obtained approval from the U.S. Department of State for this conduct, the Justice Department said.
If found guilty Ms. Robert will face a fine of $250,000 and jail up to 20 years.

Coal scam: Court questions CBI s hurry to close case against K M BirlaCoal scam: Court questions CBI's 'hurry' to close case against K M Birla
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 12:  
A special court today asked the CBI as to what was the “hurry” in filing a closure report in the coal blocks allocation case in which it had earlier lodged an FIR against top industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla and others.
“What was the hurry to close this case?” Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar asked the agency’s investigating officer (IO).
During the hearing, the IO told the court that original minutes of the screening committee meeting, in which Birla-owned Hindalco’s application seeking coal blocks allocation was dealt with, were “missing”.
To this, the court asked the IO to show if there was any statement which says that the original minutes of the meeting of the screening committee were missing.
“No such statement of anyone is there that the original minutes are missing,” the judge said.
As the IO was unable to give an explanation to the queries of the court, the judge directed him to call his supervisory officer in the court.
The court also pulled up the CBI for not bringing the case diary.
“On what basis you (CBI) have drawn such conclusion (to close the case)? What kind of investigation you have done? What was the supervisory officer doing? Bring the police file and call your supervisory officer in the court now,” the judge told the IO.
During the arguments, the court also hauled up the CBI for “dumping” illegible documents before it, saying that some of the papers filed along with the final reports were blank.
“They (CBI) are dumping illegible documents in the court like anything....I am not able to read the documents,” the judge said.
The court had earlier asked the CBI to clarify whether “rule of law” was followed in allocation of coal blocks to Birla’s Hindalco.
The court was hearing the closure report filed by the CBI in its FIR lodged against Birla, former Coal Secretary P C Parakh,and others.
The court had earlier asked the agency, “You (CBI) have to clarify three things. First, whether the rule of law was followed or not. Second is whether there was an act of omission or commission in it and the last one is whether the act of omission or commission, if any, has an element of criminality?”
The CBI had on August 28 filed the closure report in the case, in which it had earlier lodged an FIR against Birla, Parakh and others in one of the coal block allocation scam cases.
The FIR against Birla, Parakh and others was registered in October last year by the CBI, which had alleged that Parakh had reversed his decision to reject coal block allocation to Hindalco within months “without any valid basis or change in circumstances” and shown “undue favours".
The FIR related to allocation of Talabira II and III coal blocks in 2005 and the CBI had booked Birla, Parakh and other officials of Hindalco under various IPC sections, including criminal conspiracy and criminal misconduct on the part of Government officials.
During the investigation, the CBI, however, had found that there was no “quid pro quo” on the part of Parakh and there was no wrongdoing in allocation of coal blocks to Hindalco.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

ITC  L&T can help govt raise over Rs 43 000 ...You are here: Home > Collections > Government
ITC, L&T can help government raise over Rs 43,000 crore
Sidhartha, TNN Sep 12, 2014, 11.42AM IST
Tags:
Axis Bank
(Officials in the finance…)
NEW DELHI: The government has lined up big bang stake sale in blue chip public sector stocks — Coal India , ONGC and NHPC — to raise over Rs 45,000 crore but has so far done little to offload its shares in ITC and Larsen & Toubro, which can help it mobilize another Rs 43,500 crore.
While the proposal has been on the table for over five years now, the finance ministry has repeatedly deferred a decision on sale of shares in these two private companies that have no promoter group at the helm, amid intense lobbying to prevent the government from offloading its stake. At the same time, more shares of Axis Bank — the third prominent non-PSU in the portfolio — are expected to be sold in the market as the government chases record disinvestment receipts of over Rs 58,000 crore.
Is there a reluctance to sell the ITC and L&T shares? Officials in the finance ministry said there are not holding back the sale and added that a decision will be taken at an opportune time.
The government became the owner of these shares by accident when it decided to bail out the erstwhile Unit Trust of India to help the country's first mutual fund repay its liabilities to retail investors. As part of the deal, dues related to the non-net asset value (NAV) based schemes of the UTI were cleared by the government and after setting all liabilities, the assets, which mainly included shares of top-notch companies were left with the Specified Undertaking of UTI (SUUTI).
Today, SUUTI owns around 11.3% stake in ITC, which is worth over Rs 31,500 crore, while its 8.2% in Larsen & Toubro is valued at over Rs 12,100 crore. Similarly, based on the current trading price, SUUTI's 11.6% in Axis Bank (earlier UTI Bank ) is estimated to be of the order of Rs 11,500 crore. So, the three stocks put together can help the government mop up over Rs 55,000 crore, which is more than all the disinvestment proposals cleared by the government so far this year add up to. What it has monetized so far is a part of its holding in Axis Bank when it sold a 9% stake last March to raise around Rs 5,500 crore.
In the past, however, there have been suggestions that the government may give up strategic interest by selling shares in the two companies. For instance, shares of ITC, it has been argued, may be acquired by foreign tobacco majors and can have health implications. In case of L&T, the argument is that the company has got into strategic areas, and is undertaking a lot of defence-related activity, which may be compromised if foreign investors bought SUUTI's shares.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung to launch two devices to take on Apple» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Samsung to launch two premium devices, Galaxy Alpha and Galaxy Note 4, to take on Apple iPhone 6
By ET Bureau | 12 Sep, 2014, 10.44AM IST
Galaxy Alpha, has a partial metallic body, 4.7-inch screen & a top-of-the-line processor. It’s the company’s bet against iPhone 6 in premium segment.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
BANGALORE: South Korean phonemaker Samsung, which has been losing market share to rivals in India, is gearing up to launch two premium devices — the Galaxy Alpha and Galaxy Note 4 — to take on the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The company has started talking to distributors and retailers to launch these devices in time for Diwali, ahead of the launch of the Apple devices in October.
Unlike previous Samsung phones that were clad in a plastic body, these will be the first Samsung phones with an external metal casing, something that iPhones have had for long. Priced a little over Rs 40,000 a piece, the Galaxy Alpha is expected to be cheaper than the new iPhone 6 but will have better features, an offline distributor briefed on Samsung's plans said.
The Galaxy Alpha, showcased by Samsung last month, has a partial metallic body, 4.7-inch screen and a top-of-the-line processor. It's the company's bet against iPhone 6 in the premium segment.
Samsung also announced the allnew Galaxy Note 4 with a 5.7-inch screen at IFA, the consumer electronics show in Berlin earlier this month. While Samsung has had big screen phones for a long time, the iPhone 6 Plus would be Apple's first such big device.
Apple's iPhones have traditionally been smaller in size. In 2010, when Apple was selling the iPhone 4, its iconic founder Steve Jobs had mocked rivals making big phones by saying that people won't buy phones if they couldn't even wrap their hands around them. Tim Cook , who took over Apple after Jobs' untimely death three years ago, has positioned the new iPhone 6 devices as phones that are "bigger than bigger".
Samsung didn't pass over the opportunity to take a dig at Apple. The South Korean company tweeted on Wednesday: "Big improvements and innovation come with change — even they thought so."
Samsung also released a graphic which actually quoted Steve Jobs: "No one is going to buy a big phone." It went on to add, "Guess who surprised themselves and changed their minds." With nearly 28 per cent market share, Samsung is the largest selling smartphone brand in the country followed by homegrown Micromax.
However, in the premium segment, it faces stiff competition from Apple's iPhone.

Sun Pharma slips over 2% on USFDA worriesSun Pharma shares fall over 2%; slip for second day in a row on US FDA concerns
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 09.33AM IST
Tags:
debt
(The stock has fallen on reports…)
NEW DELHI: After falling 4 per cent in the previous session, shares of Sun Pharmaceuticals plunged as much as 2.3 per cent in trade on Friday amid reports that its Halol manufacturing plant in Gujarat has been subjected to surprise inspection by the American drug regulator United States Food and Drug Administration ( USFDA ).
At 09:20 a.m.; Sun Pharmaceuticals was trading 2.1 per cent lower at Rs 805.25. It has hit a low of Rs 802.45 and a high of Rs 815.95 in trade today.
This is the third such recall for Sun which agreed to buy troubled fellow drug maker Ranbaxy in March this year to create the world's fifth largest generic drug maker, ET reported.
Sarabjit Kour Nangra , VP- Research (Pharma), Angel Broking said it is learnt that Sun Pharma's manufacturing facility in Halol (Gujarat) is undergoing a surprise inspection by the US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA). The move may have been triggered by a number of recent recalls from the plant, sources, familiar with the development."
The firm also announced plans to introduce an enabling resolution at its forthcoming shareholders meet to raiseRs 12,000 crore through a qualified institutional placement.
There are no plans to raise equity or debt and that this is just an enabling resolution as a similar permission from shareholders last year had lapsed, ET reported quoting Uday Baldota, the chief financial officer of Sun.
A QIP of the size mentioned in the resolution would be one of the largest in recent times, if it were to happen. Baldota declined to comment on the drug recall.
Warfarin is a significant drug for Taro which contributes onethird to Sun's revenue of Rs 3,927 crore and 4.5 per cent to Taro's sales of $130 million.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China grabs Thai rubber as prices sink to multi-year lowsChina grabs Thai rubber as prices sink to multi-year lows
Reuters
Tweet
Singapore, Sept 12:  
Buyers from China snapped up Thai rubber this week after prices plunged to multi-year lows, but the one-off deals were not a reflection of an improvement in demand from the world's top consumer, dealers said on Friday.
Some sellers in main producer Thailand may be under pressure to strike deals on fears that global prices could fall further after the military government decided to sell half of the country's 200,000-tonne stockpile, adding to concerns about an already oversupplied market.
In Singapore's SICOM market, the front-month contract tumbled to a five-year low this week. The TSR contract covers Thai STR20, Malaysian SMR20 and Indonesian SIR20 grades.
Thai STR20 for nearby delivery was traded at $1.57 a kg including freight to China in a series of overnight deals, or about $1.55 a kg without freight. Another Thai grade, RSS3, was untraded and quoted at $1.65 a kg FOB.
"We've seen more buying activity from China. I would say this is clearly the case of China buying on dips. I am not sure if they are going to get more rubber," said a dealer in Thailand. "The RSS3 market is still very quiet for a number of days."
Farmers and sellers in second-largest producer Indonesia were equally dismayed by the falling prices. Tokyo rubber futures, which influence SICOM, have fallen more than 30 percent this year, hurt by worries about China's economy and recently by Thailand's decision to sell the stockpile.
Many sellers in Indonesia retreated from the physical market, although there were quotations for the SIR20 grade at $1.49 to $1.50 a kg earlier this week.
"We don't hear any offers today. We can't make money if we have to sell it below $1.62 to $1.63. There's no profit," said a dealer in Indonesia's main growing island of Sumatra.
"I guess you can break even if you sell SIR20 at $1.63 to $1.64."
Malaysian SMR20 rubber changed hands at different prices. One Singapore-based dealer said he sold the grade at $1.61 a kg overnight, while a trader in Kuala Lumpur said SMR20 was traded on Friday morning at $1.59 including freight to China's Qingdao port.
On slippery ground
Thai STR20 sold to China at $1.57 a kg CIF
RSS3 untraded, Indonesian sellers refuse to offer
SMR20 traded at CIF Qingdao port
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

NCC drops after FII sells stakeSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 11:33 AM IST
NCC drops after FII sells stake
Marutius-based Warhol sold nearly 80-lakh shares via bulk deals on the BSE and NSE
Shares of NCC were down over 3% at Rs 67 after a foreign fund sold nearly 80 lakh shares of the company through block deals on the Bombay Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange on Thursday.
Mauritius-based Warhol Ltd sold 31,86,239 shares at Rs 69.07 on the Bombay Stock Exchange and 48 lakh shares at Rs 69.07 on the National Stock Exchange, according to bulk deal data on the stock exchanges.
Hyderabad-based NCC, earlier known as Nagarjuna Construction Company, offers services across multiple divisions to address infrastructure needs.
The stock opened at Rs 68.30 and touched a low of Rs 66.80 so far. Over 800,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.
 Advertisements

CORE Education slips as IFCI sell sharesSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 11:30 AM IST
CORE Education slips as IFCI sell shares
IFCI sold 5.88 lakh shares of the company at Rs 13.20 per share in a bulk deal on NSE yesterday
CORE Education & Technologies has lost nearly 3% to Rs 13.31 on BSE after IFCI sold 5.88 lakh shares of the company at Rs 13.20 per share in a bulk deal on NSE yesterday.
On BSE, so far over 1 lakh shares were traded in the counter as against average daily volume of almost 3 lakh shares in the past two weeks. The stock hit a high of Rs 13.56 and a low of Rs 12.95 so far during the day.
CORE Education & Technologies is an education company, with global headquarters in Atlanta, US and corporate headquarters in Mumbai.
 Advertisements

Harmony amid despair: A mosque in Kashmir gives shelter to Hindus displaced byfloodsKashmiri Sikhs, rescued by their Muslim neighbors, take shelter at a makeshift relief camp set up at a mosque in Srinagar, Kashmir, Thursday, Sept. 11, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 12, 2014 11:59 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 3:02 pm
It is evening time and the maulvi here just sounded the ‘azaan’, the call for prayer and devouts rush inside to offer ‘namaaz’. Shortly thereafter, scores of people assemble in the tented courtyard of the mosque to have food.
This is Jama Masjid in Hyderpora area which has turned into a major relief centre for those affected by the devastating floods in the Kashmir valley, housing hundreds of people, including women and children.
Significantly, in this hour of tragedy , this mosque has become a symbol of communal harmony as a number of Hindus, who had come from outside the state for work, are also taking shelter here.
The inmates of this camp at the mosque, which remained unaffected by the floods , have come from various parts of the Valley and each one had a story of horror and pain to tell.
A rescued Kashmiri family takes shelter at a makeshift relief camp set up at a mosque in Srinagar, Kashmir, Thursday, Sept. 11, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
They narrate how water started coming into residential areas, how quickly the levels rose and how each of them managed to escape the fury, some on their own, some with the help of the army and some with the help of locals.
“I, along with other three members of family, left our house on Sunday evening (August 31) when water level started rising fast. I arranged for a boat and first dispatched my daughter to the masjid. Then rest of us followed suit. Since then, we are staying in this masjid,” says 58-year-old Bashir Ahmed Akhoon, a government servant.
60-year-old Khalida Akhtar narrates how she and six other members of her family, along with children, left their home in Tengpura in panic when water level rose on Sunday night.
A Kashmiri woman narrates her tale of survival survival at a makeshift relief camp set up at a mosque in Srinagar, Kashmir, Thursday, Sept. 11, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
“We first took shelter in a nearby hospital. But the building of the hospital also was in danger and distress calls were made to the police for help. Around midnight, the army came and rescued us. I am extremely grateful to them,” she says.
She also expressed gratitude to the masjid authorities for providing shelter to the homeless family, which includes her husband, three sons, their wives and children.
Her son Mohd Haroon says there were 2000 people in the hospital whom the army saved that night. “Though the distress call was made to the police, the army came to our rescue. We owe our new lives to them,” he says.
A flood affected Kashmiri girl comforts her grandmother at a mosque in Srinagar, Kashmir,Thursday, Sept. 11, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
Mohd Asif, a 26-year-old furniture craftsman from Tengpura, says he had gone to Magam in south Kashmir’s Anantnag to meet an aunt. When the water fury started, he rushed back, walking for three days before reaching home.
“But I found my father, mother and two sisters missing. I looked around but did not find them. While I was losing hope, somebody suggested that I should look for them in Hyderpora masjid where many people have taken shelter. By God’s grace, I found them there,” he says.
At the mosque premises, community kitchen is being run and donation of clothes is pouring in. The inmates are housed in the three-storeyed building.
A Kashmiri Sikh family takes shelter at a makeshift relief camp set up at a mosque in Srinagar, Kashmir, Thursday, Sept. 11, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
Around 2400 people eat food every day at the masjid, says Haji Ghulam Nabi Dar, president of the Hyderpora Jama Masjid Committee.
Affected people from far off places like Baramulla, Kupwara and Sopore have come here for shelter, he says.
“We decided to set up the camp on Friday last when we saw the fury of floods increasing,” he said, adding the government has no role in running the camp and relief material is coming from the common people.
He says people are angry at the administration as “they did nothing to help the victims”.
People are angry at the administration as they did nothing to help the victims.

US can destroy ISIS without sending troops on ground: WhiteHousePress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 12, 2014 11:56 am
The US can accomplish its goal of degrading and destroying the Islamic State without sending troops on the ground in Iraq and Syria, the White House has said.
This includes a combination of measures like air strikes, supporting local troops of the ground, building an international coalition, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters on Thursday.
“The ISIL forces wreaking havoc in this already volatile region of the world is not in our best interest. We have, therefore, an interest in acting with the international community to try to stabilise the situation.
“We can do that in a way that doesn’t require the introduction of American ground combat troops to Iraq or Syria, but rather, we can deploy a tried-and-true counterterrorism strategy that this administration has used successfully in other contexts,” he said.
Earnest said, “essentially, that means building up support for fighters on the ground, ramping up our support to Iraq and Kurdish security forces and ramping up our support to Syrian opposition fighters.”
The White House also said that the Islamic State, also known as Islamic State of Iraq and Syria or ISIS or ISIL, is in fact following the policies of al-Qaeda.
“For a decade or more ISIL was actually known as al-Qaeda in Iraq. And that there was important coordination and communication that was taking place between the leaders of al-Qaeda in Iraq and the al-Qaeda leadership, including Osama bin Laden,” he said.
Earnest said, there are indications even after public disagreement of continued ties between al-Qaeda fighters or al-Qaeda operatives and ISIL.
“In fact, there are some al-Qaeda operatives who have indicated that they actually believe ISIL is the true inheritor of Osama bin Laden’s legacy. So these ties between ISIL and al-Qaeda persist,” he argued.
“We have seen ISIL continues to carry out the kinds of brutal tactics that they employed under the previous name. We’ve seen them perpetrate terrible acts of violence against Iraqis. And tragically, we’ve seen them carry out two terrible, heinous acts of violence against at least two American citizens. So the tactics of al-Qaeda in Iraq have not changed simply because they’ve changed their name,” the press secretary said.
“The ultimate aspiration of al-Qaeda was always the formation of an Islamic caliphate. As their new name suggests, ISIL harbours the same ambition,” he said.
We've seen them perpetrate terrible acts of violence against Iraqis and we've seen them carry out two terrible, heinous acts of violence against at least two American citizens.

Funds pile up; insurers bank on Jan Dhan YojanaInsurance funds pile up for want of bank account; insurers bank on Jan Dhan Yojana
By Mayur Shetty, TNN | 12 Sep, 2014, 11.46AM IST
Data released by the govt in response to a Parliament query shows that as much as Rs 5,848 crore is lying unclaimed with insurance companies.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Life insurers are seeing policyholder funds pile up unclaimed following the regulator's diktat that all maturity benefits should be directly transferred to a bank account. Insurers are now hoping that universal bank accounts under the Jan Dhan Yojana will help address the issue.
While a large number of pending payments are in respect of small accounts, there are some chunky payouts where the policyholder has not provided his account number. Insurers feel that these could be cases of undeclared income as there is no rationale for large policyholders to not share their account number.
"Although it is only since April that it has become mandatory to make payments through electronic transfer, the amounts have been piling up," said the CEO of a private life insurance company.
Data released by the government in response to a Parliament query shows that as much as Rs 5,848 crore is lying unclaimed with insurance companies. Of this, the Life Insurance Corporation accounts for Rs 1,548 crore while Reliance Life Insurance has Rs 1,502 crore.
In addition to the PM's Jan Dhan Yojana, another move that would reduce the number of unclaimed deposits with insurance companies is the regulator's plan to introduce an insurance repository.
"In the Insurance Repository System , an electronic Insurance Account (eIA) holder can maintain all his policies in a unique account and can access the same at the click of a button. Bank details are a pre-requisite whilst opening an eIA, which entails seamless settlements on maturity. Further, in case of eventualities, the authorized representative of the eIA holder facilitates the claims as per policy level nominations," said Pandula Sreelakshmi, chief operating officer, SHCIL Projects (SHCIL IR). She added that these measures would curb the unclaimed policy monies significantly and benefit policyholders as it is free and would provide them notifications through email and SMS.
The head of another private life insurance company said, "We had considered making it mandatory that all premium payments should be made by cheque, but we had second thoughts as there was an opinion that this would amount to refusing legal tender." He added that in many of the policies that are sold under the regulator's social sector requirement, the premium was collected in cash from the insured. The prime minister's Jan Dhan Yojana is aimed at opening bank accounts for most of the unbanked families in the country.

Tasting it online: Food for blog#cooking blogs #blogs
With the dawning of a new age revolving around the internet, women around the country have adopted a virtual avatar for themselves. How? Well, blogging of course.
Many have quit their lucrative, high salary jobs for their interest in cooking. Their blogs are fulfilling the culinary aspirations of new cooks. Dasana, a former corporate employee and now a blogger at Veg Recipes of India said, "Blogging has made my life more simple and creative. Now I don't have to do a 9 to 5 job. I work from home, so I can experiment with cooking. I have tried many recipes and they are not only from India but from all over the world."
Apart from the conventional services provided to the customers, the bloggers have started value-added services for their blog visitors. Divya Burman, who started her blog Foodie by Nature three years ago said, "I have put some kitchen gadgets on my blog which may help the followers in creating culinary magic in their kitchens. On the blog, I have also given information about my chocolate brand, Guilt Free."
Many have quit their lucrative, high salary jobs for their interest in cooking.
Nowadays, bloggers have tried to simplify the traditional cooking methods to their followers. They are experimenting more with the flavours. Meenakshi Aggarwal of Hooked on Heat said, "My menu is inspired by classic flavours but dressed up to suit our modern taste. I have invented dozens of new dishes to meet the increasing demand of quick and simple meals." Other than her blog she gives cooking demonstrations at various cooking studios around town as well as at her home. Another rising blog which is making waves is Indian Simmer. Started by Prerna, the blog offers various unique cooking methods, such as making ghee in a slow cooker, making fruit leather, Chai Pear Carrot Muffin, homemade naan etc.
With the rise in number of culinary blogs, there is a big upsurge in the number of readers as well. "The page views have been exponential. When I started, I had less than 50 page views. After two years, I have managed more than 100,000", said Anjana Chaturvedi, owner, Maayeka. She also added that her blog offers a very healthy respite from her housewife duties. It is almost like a full time job. She is busy creating content, learning photography and web designing all day now. It has had a very profound impact on her life.
Social media has acted as an enabler to promote these blogs. Sharing the blog posts on social media platforms like Google+, Twitter, Facebook and even Tumblr can help one's content to gain significant exposure. "Other than this blog, I have a very popular Facebook group as well", said Divya Burman.
Spouses of the bloggers have also been very active, "While I work on creating the content, taking the pictures and on the designing front; my husband works on the server, maintenance and technical aspects of the blog. I started the blog because my husband insisted. He encouraged me a lot," said Dassana.
On the other hand, there are bloggers who are self reliant. Shumaila of The Novice Housewife said, "I cook, write and shoot for my blog."
Anjana Chaturvedi has dedicated her blog to all the young brides to give them some household guidance. "My daughter was my inspiration behind this blog. After her marriage I received incessant phone calls from her for recipes and tips. It inspired to me to start the blog," she said.

Maharashtra minister asks government to acquire Ambedkar s home in London#maharashtra #maharashtra government #dr br ambedkar #london
Mumbai: A Congress minister in Maharashtra has asked the state government to coordinate with the Centre to acquire a residential property in London where Dr BR Ambedkar lived in the 1920s.
The 2,050 sq ft property on King Henry's Road, London, is expected to cost an estimated Rs 40 crore, state Water Conservation Minister Nitin Raut said.
"I came across the auction notice of the house and pursued the matter," said Raut, a prominent Dalit leader from Nagpur.
The 2,050 sq ft property on King Henry's Road, London, is expected to cost an estimated Rs 40 crore, state Water Conservation Minister Nitin Raut said.
"There is no politics involved," he said, when pointed out that the move comes ahead of the Assembly polls in the state, slated next month.
"The Ministry of Social Justice has given its written consent for the project. The Chief Minister is also very positive on the issue of acquiring Ambedkar's home in London," he said.
"An opportunity has arisen to purchase the former London residence of Dr Ambedkar. The landlord published an advertisement for sale of the house. It is a historic place where Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar lived in 1921-22," Raut said.
Ambedkar lived there while studying at the London School of Economics, he said.
"The Federation of Ambedkarites and Buddhist Organisation (FABO), UK wrote a letter to the Maharashtra government and the Centre, informing about the auction of the private property for Rs 40 crore. As I am associated with Ambedkarite associations, they approached me requesting for help to acquire the property through the state's and Centre's intervention," Raut said.

J&K floods: Schools will be back on track soon  banks not affected  says CM Omar Abdullah#jammu and kashmir floods #omar abdullah #srinagar #jammu #indian army #indian air force #ndrf #rescue operations
Srinagar: Even as lakhs of people are still stranded in the flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir, the state's Chief Minister Omar Abdullah has assured that schools will be back on track soon and banks will not be affected by the floods. He also said that action is being taken to contain stray incidents of stone pelting by angry locals.
"The education of children is of great concern. I assure the parents that it has not escaped my attention. I will restructure the courses and get schedules into place. There is no reason to worry about the money in banks. They do not actually hold all the cash in that particular branch that the floods could wash away the cash. Most of it is virtual, so there is no reason to worry about the cash or it being lost," Omar said.
"There has always been this element of troublemakers here indulging in stone pelting and boat slashing, but I hoped that the extent of human damage would contain them. I have told the police to actively patrol in areas where these incidents are happening," he added.
Meanwhile, despite the stray incidents of stone pelting, the Army, Air Force and NDRF continue rescue and relief work. "These are traumatic times for the people here. Their anger is something we have to understand. Our soldiers are understanding enough to not react and continue their duty," said Lieutenant General Subrata Saha, GoC, 15 Corps.

No campaign retakes Scots poll leadLast updated: September 12, 2014 7:54 am
Support for No campaign in Scots poll holds up
By FT reporters
Support for the campaign to keep Scotland in the UK is holding up as the number of undecided voters falls sharply with less than a week to go until the independence referendum, according to the latest polling.
More
Call to unleash $1tn for social investments
After a couple of polls earlier in the week showing the race neck-and-neck or the Yes side in the lead, the last two polls have put the Better Together campaign back in front.
On Thursday evening, a YouGov poll for the Times and the Sun gave the unionists 52 per cent support against 48 per cent for independence. The figures did not include undecided voters, who now only number 4 per cent of the electorate, the survey found and have a margin of error of plus or minus 3 per cent.
This compares to a YouGov poll five weeks ago showing No leading by about 55 per cent to 35 per cent, with 10 per cent undecided.
The bounce in support for Better Together came after one of Britain’s top industrialists warned that a Yes vote could cast an uncertainty over the UK economy for a decade, as Scotland’s banks led a sustained onslaught against independence.
Sir Mike Rake , chairman of BT Group, deputy chairman of Barclays and president of the CBI employers’ organisation, said independence would destabilise investment in Scotland and the rest of the UK. “The uncertainty will last for easily 10 years,” he told the Financial Times.
“Inevitably this uncertainty will lead to a slowdown in investment in the UK as a whole as well as Scotland.”
Five banks said they would move their headquarters south of the border in the event of a Yes vote and are lobbying the Treasury to pass new laws to speed up the transfer of their corporate bases to England.
Marks and Spencer, the leading UK chain, is also poised to warn the Scots of the possibility of rising prices should they vote Yes, according to people familiar with the matter.
Marc Bolland, chief executive of M&S, is expected to sign a joint letter with other leading stores. Retailers have warned of the costs of doing business in a new country with a dispersed population and uncertain currency and tax arrangements.
David Cameron has been urging business leaders to speak out against independence for months.
Alex Salmond , Scotland’s nationalist first minister, said Mr Cameron was orchestrating a campaign of business “scaremongering”, adding that Scots would ignore the warnings . “Scotland is on the cusp of making history,” he said. “Scotland will vote Yes next Thursday.”
Yes is running out of Scots to persuade
After the shock of its poll last week showing the Yes side ahead in the Scottish independence referendum, YouGov’s latest is a return to relative calm. Based on an online survey carried out between Tuesday and Thursday of this week, the pollster puts the Yes side on 48 per cent and No on 52 per cent, excluding undecideds.
Continue reading . . .
Royal Bank of Scotland led a host of banks, employing more than 35,000 people in Scotland, warning they would relocate their headquarters south of the border in the event of a Yes vote on September 18.
But the banks, including Lloyds Banking Group , are worried that the costly and lengthy legal process required to change the domicile of a bank would be further delayed if many institutions rushed to move south at the same time. They have told the Bank of England and the Treasury there would be a case for new legislation.
The announcements from RBS and Lloyds were swiftly echoed by Clydesdale Bank, TSB Bank and Tesco Bank; government insiders said the move was co-ordinated by the Better Together campaign for a No vote.
Aegon UK, the subsidiary of the eponymous Dutch insurer, joined its rival Standard Life in saying it would move its registered life company to England if the Scots voted for independence.
The banks believe that they risk being penalised by investors and rating agencies if they keep their domicile in an independent Scotland and lose the support of the Bank of England as their lender of last resort. Inquiries from nervous customers about the consequences of a Yes vote have also increased since the polls narrowed last week.
World Weekly podcast
Too close to call
A late surge in support for Scotland’s pro-independence camp a week ahead of the referendum has set alarm bells ringing among politicians in London. James Blitz is joined by Michael Stott and Mure Dickie to discuss the arguments being used to sway Scottish voters.
Mr Salmond said RBS’s contingency plan would not affect jobs or an independent Scotland’s corporation tax base. “Corporation tax depends not on the registered office but on economic activity,” he said.
He accused Treasury officials of deliberately leaking market sensitive information about RBS to damage the Yes campaign.
But Sir Jeremy Heywood, in a letter to Mr Salmond, rejected the accusation, saying staff at the Treasury had just “confirmed its understanding of RBS’s contingency planning . . . [to] maintain financial stability”.
Danny Alexander, UK Treasury chief secretary, said: “If all these great institutions locate to England, you would absolutely see a loss of jobs at headquarters, but over time you would see a pulling away in terms of engagement with Scotland.”
Ross McEwan, the RBS chief executive, wrote to his 12,000 staff in Scotland saying they would not be relocated if there was a Yes vote. “This is a technical procedure regarding the location of our registered head office. It is not an intention to move operations or jobs,” he said in the letter.
Mr Salmond, speaking in Edinburgh, said the business campaign was being whipped up by Downing Street, which was “trying to galvanise leading business people to try to say something negative about Scotland”.
He contrasted what he branded scaremongering by the London establishment with what he portrayed as the positive mood among Scots who were “rediscovering self-confidence” and “finding our voice”.
Reporting by John Aglionby, Sarah Gordon, Patrick Jenkins, Martin Arnold, George Parker, Sam Fleming and Andrea Felsted

Govt to launch infra projects worth $32.9 bi...Government
(The government plans to…)
NEW DELHI: After launching highway projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore that were stuck on account of various regulatory hurdles, the government is all set to roll out Rs 2 lakh crore worth of infrastructure projects this year, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadari said today.
"We have cleared bottlenecks. It is easy to construct express highways but difficult to get environment clearance. However, we are removing hurdles. We have cleared projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore. Now this year we will launch projects worth Rs 2 lakh crore," Gadkari said addressing the annual convention of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers here.
Gadkari said his Ministry was also looking to build two lakh Km of roads under public-private-partnership (PPP) mode which includes widening of existing one lakh km of highways.
"We are fast-tracking the decision making and weeding out corruption and red-tapism from government functioning besides introducing innovation," he said.
There is no dearth of money to fund the projects and the Ministry if need be can garner more funds through securitisation of toll revenue which amounted to about Rs 1.8 lakh crore in 15 years besides raising funds through infrastructure bonds worth Rs 10,000 crore.
A number of steps, he said, has been initiated to bring in wide reforms in the highways sector including launch of 350 electronic toll plazas by December and building amenities for drivers and commuters on every 50 km stretch for which bids have already been floated for consultancy and design of 270 such facilities.
He said the draft for the new Motor Vehicles legislation expected to be passed in the upcoming Winter Session will be launched on Website by tomorrow seeking suggestions from stakeholders.
"The present Motor Vehicles Act has turned obsolete and the new draft has been prepared incorporating the best practises in six advanced nations - US, Japan, Germany, UK, Singapore and Australia," he said.
He also appealed to SIAM on the need for introducing ethanol-friendly engines to cut on the huge Rs 6 lakh crore annual bills on import of crude in the country to which SIAM leaders expressed concern and said "there was not enough ethanol available at present."
Gadkari said government was also focusing on boosting waterways for transportation of cargo and planned introducing sea-planes, airport-like terminals on Ganga besides shipment of cargo through waterway which was much cost-friendly.
Also, a new policy for shipbuilding was on the anvil besides promotion of cruise shipping including that of the Kochi to Andaman & Nicobar islands.
ON Wednesday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi decided that various ministries can now approve projects up to Rs 1000 crore without the Cabinet approval.
Till now the process entailed inter-ministerial discussions, Finance Ministry being kept in loop and finally the cabinet approval, ET Now reported.
According to ET Now, the ministries were required to seek Cabinet approval for projects above Rs 200 crore. The five fold hike in the discretionary spending power of ministries is meant to allow faster clearances of projects, particularly those related to infrastructure.
The infrastructure sector is a key focus area for the Modi-led government. The Centre is keen to speed up infrastructure development and investment to boost economic growth which remained at sub-5 per cent level during the previous two fiscals.
Last week it was reported that the government is set to finalise the policy for implementing its ambitious plan to convert 100 existing cities into smart cities, where it will allow large-scale participation of private sector.
Apart from the 100 existing cities that will be retrofitted to smart cities, the government is also considering developing three-four greenfield cities, urban development secretary Shankar Aggarwal told ET. A key to developing the smart cities will be unravelling the large number of rules and regulations that have slowed down development for years, the secretary said.
PM Modi has already asked the government to revisit all old rules and regulations, manuals and laws, and cut them down wherever needed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Oil slips below $98 | Markets @ noon: top 20 stock ideas for today; IGL surges 6%Brent crude drops below $98; weak demand outweighs geopolitical worries
Reuters Sep 12, 2014, 11.56AM IST
Tags:
Brent
(The October contract fell…)
SINGAPORE: Brent crude dropped below $98 a barrel on Friday, heading for its worst week in six as concerns over weak demand outweighed geopolitical worries in the Middle East and Ukraine.
Weaker oil demand in China and Europe had caused growth in global oil demand to soften at a remarkable pace, the International Energy Agency said in its monthly report released on Thursday.
The West's energy watchdog cut its demand growth projections by 150,000 barrels per day (bpd) to 900,000 bpd for 2014 and by 100,000 bpd to 1.2 million bpd in 2015.
Brent is down 3 per cent for the week so far, headed for its biggest weekly loss since the week to Aug. 1. The October contract fell 26 cents to $97.82 by 0530 GMT after a 4-cent gain in the previous session snapped a 5-day losing streak.
US crude gained 13 cents to $92.96 a barrel after closing up $1.16 on Thursday.
"I believe Brent is oversold which should warrant buy-back. I'm a little bullish on oil and it could bounce back to $100 next week," said Tetsu Emori, a commodity fund manager at Tokyo's Astmax Co Ltd.
"Investors are discounting the geopolitical risks in the market, but we see such risks."
Brent bounced from a 2-year low on Thursday after Russia warned the US that air strikes in Syria against Islamist militants would be an act of aggression without a U.N. security mandate. This raised the spectre of a new confrontation between Moscow and the West.
"I would like to see more risk premium priced in but the market doesn't want to," said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at CMC Markets in Sydney.
"There are still a lot of potential concerns, but the market seems relaxed by it all."
Geopolitical worries included Russia, which is facing fresh sanctions from the European Union and the US over the Ukraine crisis, McCarthy said.
The EU will implement tougher sanctions against Russia later on Friday, although they could be removed if Moscow abides by a ceasefire between Kiev and pro-Russian separatists. However, Russia called the new measures anti-peace.
The United States will also release details later on Friday of its own new sanctions against Russia which are expected to target Sberbank, Russia's largest bank, and further limit Russian banks' access to US capital.
Investors are waiting for US retail sales data on Friday to indicate how well the world's largest economic is performing, Emori said.
This will be followed by industrial and retail sales figures from China on Saturday, which will show whether the world's second largest economy is picking up steam.
The market is also keeping an eye on Iran which faces a "difficult road" to reach an agreement with six world powers over Tehran's nuclear programme by a late November deadline, a senior Iranian negotiator said on Thursday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

2G case: CBI chief Ranjit Sinha files affidavit in SCSep 12, 2014, 01.09 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
2G case: CBI chief Ranjit Sinha files affidavit in SC
Bhushan had filed a petition in the Supreme Court seeking its direction to Sinha to recuse himself from investigation and prosecution in 2G case, alleging that he is trying to protect some influential accused in the scam.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
2G case: CBI chief Ranjit Sinha files affidavit in SC
Bhushan had filed a petition in the Supreme Court seeking its direction to Sinha to recuse himself from investigation and prosecution in 2G case, alleging that he is trying to protect some influential accused in the scam.
Post your opinion here
 
Central Bureau of Investigation chief Ranjit Sinha has filed an affidavit in the Supreme Court in response to the allegations made by senior lawyer Prashant Bhushan of interfering in the 2G scam probe. Sinha has filed the affidavit in a sealed envelope.
Bhushan had filed a petition in the Supreme Court seeking its direction to Sinha to recuse himself from investigation and prosecution in 2G case, alleging that he is trying to protect some influential accused in the scam.
Bhushan had also submitted the original entry/guest diary of the CBI director's residence saying it will be destroyed and hence he is depositing it with the court. To this, Sinha had asked the SC to disclose the source from which he got all the documents.
RELATED NEWS

Falcon Tyres: Updates on outcome of EGMSep 12, 2014, 12.27 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Falcon Tyres: Updates on outcome of EGM
Falcon Tyres Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the Extraordinary General Meeting of the members of the Company held on August 16, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Falcon Tyres: Updates on outcome of EGM
Falcon Tyres Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the Extraordinary General Meeting of the members of the Company held on August 16, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Falcon Tyres Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the minutes of the Extraordinary General Meeting of the members of the Company held on August 16, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Wrote to Manmohan Singh warning him over 2G allocationsSep 12, 2014, 12.26 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
'Wrote to Manmohan Singh warning him over 2G allocations'
Kamal Nath's claims come at a time when former Comptroller and Auditor General of India Vinod Rai has alleged that the former PM took no corrective measures to avert loss to the exchequer despite being aware of the actions of the various ministries and many cabinet ministers bringing the irregularities to his notice.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Wrote to Manmohan Singh warning him over 2G allocations'
Kamal Nath's claims come at a time when former Comptroller and Auditor General of India Vinod Rai has alleged that the former PM took no corrective measures to avert loss to the exchequer despite being aware of the actions of the various ministries and many cabinet ministers bringing the irregularities to his notice.
Post your opinion here
 
In a statement that could send ripples across the Congress, senior party leader and former parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath has claimed that he had warned former prime minister Manmohan Singh over 2G allocations. "I did write a letter to the PM warning him of the allocations in 2G. It is already in the government files," said the Congress leader.
Kamal Nath's claims come at a time when former Comptroller and Auditor General of India Vinod Rai has alleged that the former PM took no corrective measures to avert loss to the exchequer despite being aware of the actions of the various ministries and many cabinet ministers bringing the irregularities to his notice.
Also Read: 2G scam probe: SC agrees to hear Prashant Bhushan's plea
Training guns at Singh, the Bharatiya Janata Party questioned why Singh did not intervene to stop the scams under the UPA regime. "It is clear that he was not intervening but who was stopping him? Was it the 2G of the Congress that was preventing it - Sonia G and Rahul G? This is the big question that people of this country will ask," BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said.
However, Congress leader Manish Tewari defended Singh saying that he has nothing to answer in the scams. "In so far as the 2G case is concerned, the developments in the telecom sector between 1995 and 2009 were looked at extensively by the joint parliamentary committee. The committee in its report has debunked the theory that was put out by the then CAG. There is nothing that Manmohan Singh has to answer for," Tewari said.
The former CAG has also criticised Singh by saying that integrity is not just financial but intellectual and professional too and claimed that Congress leaders had sought to apply pressure on him to keen the PM's name out of audit reports. "Integrity is not just financial; it is intellectual integrity; it is professional integrity. You have an oath of allegiance to the constitution and that is important," he said.
While Rai claimed that Congress leaders including Sanjay Nirupam sought to apply pressure on him to keep the former PM's name out of audit reports, Nirupam said that his claims are totally wrong. "I have never spoken to him. I challenge his claims. He is totally wrong," said the Congress leader.
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Singh and alleged suggested that he was more interested in remaining in power.
"You cannot have the nation being subjugated to the state and the state being a coalition of political parties. The belief was that good politics makes good economics too. But does good politics mean just staying in power," he asked.
Rai, who is writing a book on his days as head of the CAG, said his phone was tapped by the then UPA government and he felt Singh was part of the decisions to allocate 2G telecom spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
"There is no way Singh can shirk responsibility in in 2G and coal scams. In 2G all the letters written by then telecom Minister A Raja were to him and he was replying to those letters. I got no reply to any letter I wrote to him. On one occasion when I called on him, the PM said I hope you don't expect a reply from me, whereas he was replying to Raja twice a day. So how can he be not held responsible for the onus of that decision?," Rai said.
RELATED NEWS

Global retail leaders to meet at the Mecca of Indian retail - IRF 2014Global retail leaders to meet at the Mecca of Indian retail - IRF 2014
India Outlook: Prospects BrightenIndia Outlook: Prospects Brighten
Sebi may be dragged to court in BoR caseSebi may be dragged to court in BoR case
FACTBOX-Firms and people hit by new EU sanctions on RussiaFACTBOX-Firms and people hit by new EU sanctions on Russia
GM chief exhorts women to take up math and scienceGM chief exhorts women to take up math and science
Yellow metal loses sheen: India s gold obsession may finally be overYellow metal loses sheen: India s gold obsession may finally be over
India Can Be a Leading Knowledge-Based Economy with Right Steps - ADB ReportIndia Can Be a Leading Knowledge-Based Economy with Right Steps - ADB Report
Snowman Logistics shares jump 70% in debut tradeSnowman Logistics shares jump 70% in debut trade
Coalgate: What was the hurry to file closure report against KM Birla  HC asks CBICoalgate: What was the hurry to file closure report against KM Birla  HC asks CBI
Scientists  reset  stem cells to study start of human developmentBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Top 3 picks: S Ranganathan  head of research  LKP Securities  shares his top buysBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

US vows to  degrade and destroy  ISIL  no ground force but airstrikesObama ordered the United States into a broad military campaign to “degrade and ultimately destroy” militants in two volatile Middle East nations. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 11, 2014 9:14 am | Updated: September 11, 2014 10:09 am
Unveiling its comprehensive counter-terrorism strategy, US on Thursday vowed to “degrade and destroy” the Islamic State (IS) with air strikes and said terrorists who threaten America will find “no safe haven”.
President Barack Obama in a nationally televised speech warned IS, the feared al-Qaeda splinter terrorist group which has seized hundreds of square miles in Iraq and Syria and killed thousands of people in both the countries.
“We will degrade and ultimately destroy ISIL through a comprehensive and sustained counter-terrorism strategy,” Obama said.
As part of the plan, the President said that the US will expand its efforts beyond protecting its own people and humanitarian missions.
“This counterterrorism campaign will be waged through a steady, relentless effort to take out ISIL wherever they exist, using our air power and our support for partner’s forces on the ground,” Obama said.
“I’ve made it clear that we will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country wherever they are,” he said.
“That means I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria as well as Iraq. This is a core principle of my presidency: if you threaten America, you will find no safe haven,” he said.
The US President however set no timeline to achieve the goal to defeat ISIL, for which, he said, several dozen countries have joined the US-led international coalition.
“America will lead a broad coalition to roll back this terrorist threat,” he said, noting that the US will conduct a systematic campaign of airstrikes against these terrorists.
“Working with the Iraqi government, we will expand our efforts beyond protecting our own people and humanitarian missions so that we’re hitting ISIL targets as Iraqi forces go on offense,” he added.
Secondly, the US will increase its support to forces fighting these terrorists on the ground, he said, and announced his decision to send an additional 475 service members to Iraq.
These additional service members will be deployed to Iraq to conduct the following missions: advise and assist the Iraqi Security Forces in order to help them go on the offense against ISIL, conduct intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance flights to increase US capacity to target ISIL, and coordinate the activities of the US military across Iraq, the Pentagon said in a statement.
Once all forces have arrived, the US military will have approximately 1,600 personnel in country.
Obama said the US will continue to draw on its substantial counterterrorism capabilities to prevent ISIL attacks.
“Working with our partners, we will redouble our efforts to cut off its funding, improve our intelligence, strengthen our defences, counter its warped ideology and stem the flow of foreign fighters into and out of the Middle East,” he said.
In two weeks, Obama will chair a meeting of the UN Security continued…

BlackBerry buys Movirtu adding multi-number mobile phone serviceThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

NSEL rejects FMC s slow recovery chargeNSEL rejects slow recovery charge, says FMC can enhance process
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 21:42 IST
Picture for representation purpose .
Scam-hit National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL) on Thursday refuted commodity market regulator FMC's observations regarding slow pace of recovery of dues from defaulters and said the watchdog has adequate powers to speed up efforts to get back the investor money.
NSEL defaulted to the tune of Rs 5,600 crore a year ago and 13,000 investors had been hit by the payment crisis.
The exchange has continued its steadfast approach towards the recovery process, NSEL Managing Director and Chief Executive Saji Cherian said in Mumbai in response to a letter sent by the regulator Forward Markets Commission (FMC).
In a September 4 letter, informing NSEL about winding- up its Monitoring and Auction Committee (MAC), the FMC had made critical references about the recovery process.
"The Commission has noted that depletion of human resources, lack of financial resources and weak organisational structure at NSEL has posed a major impediment in the recovery process and consequently contributed to negligible progress in recovery of dues by NSEL from the defaulting members."
Recently, the watchdog reviewed the progress of recovery of dues from defaulters. The regulator noted that not much progress was made in recovery of dues based on the feedback received from the MAC, set up to oversee disposal of assets of defaulters on NSEL.
It has been learnt that investigating agencies were examining the role of brokers, whose link with MAC resulted in conflict of interest, Cherian said in a statement.
NSEL believes if FMC exercises the authority vested in it by the Government of India last year, and takes such measures as it deems fit against the defaulting members, it will enhance the recovery efforts, he maintained.
Soon after the crisis was unearthed, the exchange and its promoter Group (Financial Technologies) enforced quick measures to mitigate the effects and bring to book defaulters responsible for the payment crisis. NSEL was the first to file criminal complaints against the defaulters, Cherian claimed.
The exchange claimed it has taken legal actions against the defaulters. NSEL has filed five arbitration petitions in Bombay High Court, 27 applications in MPID Court (hearing the case) and 30 complaints with the Magistrate Court with regards to bouncing of cheques, it said.
The bourse has also filed 20 complaints with Mumbai Police's Economic Offences Wing and issued third party notices to 15 defaulters.
These coordinated efforts have resulted in a historic order passed by the High Court last week where a committee was formed to overlook the process of asset sale and recovery from defaulters, Cherian said.

Vodafone seesaws on disputed storySeptember 11, 2014 6:40 pm
Vodafone seesaws on disputed story
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9377ef8a-39d3-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rank eyes sale of timber businessesSeptember 11, 2014 8:59 pm
Rank eyes sale of timber businesses
By Ed Hammond in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/94e9bd86-39e6-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Piyush Goyal: Govt working on tax sops for renewable energyBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Telecom in India a mess  says Vodafone CEOBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

China slaps fines on Volkswagen  Chrysler; Tata-owned Jaguar Land Rover also under probeBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Credits for some Rs 100 cr films go to both heroes  heroines: Priyanka ChopraHome
Miscellaneous
Rs 100 cr box office collections pie: Priyanka Chopra stakes claim for 'Barfi', but not 'Krrish 3', 'Don 2' success
Harneet Singh | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 12 2014, 15:32  IST
Sep 12 2014, 15:32  IST
 

US ex-contractor indicted for exporting military blueprints to Indiamilitary equipment
Hannah Robert, founder of One Source USA, used the computer of a local church to transfer technical drawings of military hardware parts, court documents say.
A former U.S. defence contractor, owner of two New Jersey-based firms, has been indicted by a U.S. court on charges of illegally exporting to India blueprints of the hi-tech military equipment and their parts.
Hannah Robert, 49, of North Brunswick, New Jersey is currently under home detention pending trial.
She has been charged in a superseding indictment with one count of violating the Arms Export Control Act, one count of conspiracy to violate the act and four counts of wire fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
According to court documents, Ms. Robert, founder, owner, and president of One Source USA, used the computer of a local church to transfer technical drawings of military hardware parts.
The exported technical drawings include parts used in the torpedo systems for nuclear submarines, military attack helicopters, and F-15 fighter aircraft, the Department of Justice said.
Ms. Robert-owned a One Source company in India (One Source India) along with a public relations firm. She also owned Caldwell Components based in New Jersey too.
Ms. Robert allegedly transmitted export-controlled technical data to a PR firm in India so that they could submit bids to foreigners, including those in the United Arab Emirates (UAE), to supply them or their foreign customers with defence hardware items and spare parts.
Neither Ms. Robert nor the PR firm obtained approval from the U.S. Department of State for this conduct, the Justice Department said.
If found guilty Ms. Robert will face a fine of $250,000 and jail up to 20 years.

JNU polls: Top ABVP candidate is a MuslimBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Rupee lower  tracks weak Asian currenciesLast Updated at 01:08 PM IST
Rupee trades higher as custodians sell dollars
The rupee is trading at 60.96/60.97 versus Thursday's  close of 60.9250/9350. Asian currencies are trading mostly weaker versus the U.S. dollar.
The rupee is trading at 60.78/79 per dollar versus Thursday's close of 60.9250/9350. The Indian unit had fallen to 61.03 in early trade.
 
Huge dollar selling by custodian banks is seen, say traders.
 
Traders will monitor domestic shares for cues on fund flows.
 
Nifty is trading largely flat ahead of key data.
 
CPI data due post-market hours is crucial for near-term direction.
 Advertisements

5 bank stocks to bet on | Small & mid caps a good betCanara Bank
(Slowdown in corporate borrowings…)
Every month, the Street closely tracks the inflation data, which is crucial for the RBI to take a call on interest rates. While the government would declare the inflation data for August on Friday, we pick five banks which are most sensitive to rates.
These banks have higher bulk deposits (deposits from corporates) and higher holding in debt securities. Slowdown in corporate borrowings has led to lower growth, and correction in debt securities (from higher interest rates) has led to mark-to-market losses for these banks. They may also post the biggest gains in profitability and stock returns in case there's an interest rate cut, or vice versa, in case rates remain high for the next few quarters.
Yes Bank
Wholesale deposits constitute 26 per cent of Yes Bank's total deposits, which is one of the highest among private banks. The bank is heavily into short-term corporate loans, where rise in rates earlier were passed on to customers. Although demand for working capital loan had been robust last fiscal, it will not be sustainable due to continued slowdown in the economy. In case interest rates come down, the bank may be able to maintain its net interest margins. The recent QIP has increased its Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio to 13 per cent, which will help it grow at a decent rate over the next few years.
Bank of India
Large public sector banks such as Bank of India have a high proportion of investment portfolio. As a result, changes in interest rates have a significant impact on their overall profits. The investments , unless classified as held-tomaturity, have to be marked-to-market every quarter. Hence, an increase in bond prices, which are held under the investment portfolio, may lead to gains when rates come down.
Canara Bank
Canara Bank's Current Account and Savings Account, or CASA, is just 24.5 per cent of total deposits, against more than 30 per cent for most other banks, which is one of the lowest among PSBs. The bank relies more on wholesale and retail deposits for credit growth. Wholesale deposits are generally subscribed by corporates and institutions which are more sensitive to interest rates and offer lower margins.
IndusInd Bank
IndusInd Bank is involved in high-yielding working capital and vehicle financing in a big way. However, the bank's NIM dipped last quarter due to higher lending to low-yielding corporate sector. Its NIM dipped to 3.66 per cent in the June quarter from 3.75 per cent at the end of the March quarter. Lower rate may revive lending in working capital and vehicle financing and lead to margin improvement in future.
Oriental Bank of Commerce
Mid-sized OBC has underperformed the broader Bank Nifty index over the last one year due to higher stressed assets. In addition, the bank's CASA was 24 per cent of its total assets, which is below the average of public sector banks. The combined effect has led to lower credit growth for the bank in the last few quarters. At the end of FY14, it had a Tier-1 capital adequacy ratio of 8.57 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jammu and Kashmir floodBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Engineers India shares fall 10 pct; IDFC downgradesBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Dollar gains  commodities lose as markets mull Fed rate hikeDollar gains, commodities lose as markets mull Fed rate hike
Reuters
Tweet
Sydney, Sept 12:  
The US dollar was riding high in Asia on Friday as unceasing speculation about the prospects for rising US interest rates undermined commodity prices and spurred investors to unwind leveraged trades in higher-yielding currencies.
Talk the Federal Reserve might take a hawkish turn at its policy meeting next week, possibly by dropping its commitment to keeping rates low, has seen US Treasury yields steadily creep higher and injected new life into the dollar.
This sudden outbreak of volatility has prompted some to pare back on carry trades, where they borrow at low rates in euros and yen to buy higher-yielding assets such as commodity-linked or emerging market currencies.
Victims included the Canadian dollar, which plumbed a five-month low of C$1.1030, while Australia's dollar hit a six-month low of $0.9053.
Gold, copper prices
The rise of the US currency shoved oil prices to their lowest in two years, while gold sank to an eight-month trough and copper fell to a three-month low.
In contrast, the dollar's gains on the yen were considered positive for Japanese exports, corporate earnings and equities. The broad Topix index added 0.2 per cent and reached its highest level since July 2008.
Global markets
Stocks elsewhere in the region fared less well as investors fretted that even the hint of a shift in Fed policy might spark a withdrawal of funds from emerging markets. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.3 per cent at one-month lows.
In Europe, spreadbetters tipped slight opening gains of between 0.1 per cent and 0.2 per cent for the FTSE 100, DAX and CAC 40.
Wall Street was also on guard with the Dow ending Thursday off 0.12 per cent, while the S&P 500 edged up 0.09 per cent and the Nasdaq 0.12 per cent.
US retail sales
While there was little in the way of major data due in Asia, figures on US retail sales due later Friday could fuel speculation over US rates. Economists expect a solid rebound of 0.6 per cent in August, up from a disappointingly flat reading in July and fuelled by a boom in auto sales.
A strong result would only add to speculation the Fed might refine, or even drop, its commitment to keeping rates low for a “considerable time’’ after its asset purchase programme ends.
Yields on the rise
The jitters have been reflected most in short-term yields, with those on two-year Treasuries on track for their highest weekly close since April, 2011.
Yet investors assume any tightening campaign will be much less aggressive than in the past given the restrained outlook for inflation and a still heavily-indebted consumer.
Which is why yields on 10-year Treasuries are currently at 2.55 per cent, well below the 3.3 per cent seen in April, 2011.
Fed policy meet
Indeed, many analysts suspect the majority of voters at the Fed are wary of threatening the recovery with a too-hasty change to policy.
“The market will be on the defensive going into next Wednesday's Fed meeting due to the growing contingent who are convinced a hawkish language change is imminent,’’ said William O'Donnell, head of Treasury strategy at RBS.
“But bearish expectations may surpass what the Fed will deliver,’’ he added. “We think September is a bit premature for a language change and that the Fed is just looking to have the conversation.’’
Stimulus programmes
Still, a rise in US rates seems certain to come sometime next year while the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan remain committed to massive stimulus programmes.
The diverging outlook for policy is considered generally bullish for the US dollar in the long run and kept it elevated against a basket of major currencies at 84.350.
It also reached a six-year high on the yen at 107.39, while the euro fetched $1.2922 having touched a 14-month trough of $1.2859 earlier in the week.
The pound gained a reprieve from recent selling when a YouGov poll showed supporters of keeping Scotland in the United Kingdom have clawed back a narrow lead over separatists, just one week before Scots vote in a referendum on independence.
On Friday, the pound was at $1.6225 and up on the week's trough of $1.6052.
The rise of the U.S. dollar sent gold to fresh lows at $1,231.95 an ounce.
Brent crude resumed its decline with a fall of 22 cents to $97.86 a barrel, having touched the lowest since July 2012 overnight. US crude eked out a gain of 14 cents to stand at $92.97 a barrel.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

SC stays Surinder Koli s execution till Oct 29BSE 26816.56(-244.48)
NSE 8042.00(-63.50)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114091200187
News ians
IANS |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 10:58 AM IST
SC stays Surinder Koli's execution till Oct 29
The court will hear Koli's review petition against his death sentence on Oct 28
The Supreme Court Friday extended its order putting on hold the execution of the death sentence of Nithari killer Surendra Koli till Oct 29.
While extending the stay, an apex court bench headed by Chief Justice-designate Justice H L Dattu asked the senior counsel to place before them in bullet points the grounds on which Koli is seeking a review of the judgement confirming his death sentence by the top court.
The court will hear Koli's review petition Oct 28.
 Advertisements

Strong solar storm heading to Earth  sayscientistsThis image provided by NASA, shows an extreme ultra-violet wavelength image of solar flare captured on Wednesday. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Washington | Posted: September 12, 2014 12:19 pm
A strong solar flare is blasting its way to Earth, but the worst of its power looks like it will barely skim above the planet and not cause many problems.
It has been several years since Earth has had a solar storm of this size coming from sunspots smack in the middle of the sun, said Tom Berger, director of the Space Weather Prediction Center in Boulder, Colorado. The flare on the sun barely hits the “extreme” on forecasters’ scale, but with its worst effects missing Earth it is only looking “potentially strong” at most when it arrives at Earth as a solar storm, he said.
New calculations from satellite data show that the worst of the energetic particles streaming from the sun likely will go north or above Earth this time, Berger said late Wednesday.
So while the power grid may see fluctuations because the storm will cause changes in Earth’s magnetic field, it won’t knock power systems off line, Berger said. It may cause slight disturbances in satellites and radio transmissions but nothing major.
“We’re not scared of this one,” Berger said.
The storm is moving medium fast, about 2.5 million mph (4.02 million kph), meaning the soonest it could arrive is early Friday. But it could be later, Berger said.
Solar storms occur often, especially during peaks in the solar cycle, and don’t directly harm people.
“There’s been a giant magnetic explosion on the sun,” Berger said. “Because it’s pointed right at us, we’ll at least catch some of the cloud” of highly energized and magnetized plasma that can disrupt Earth’s magnetic sphere, which sometimes leads to temporary power grid problems.
On the plus side, sun flares expand the colorful northern lights so people farther south can see them. But don’t expect them too far south, Berger said.

Maruti to roll out LCV project on a limited scaleHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Maruti to roll out LCV project on a limited scale
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 12:  
The country’s largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India plans to roll out its light commercial vehicle (LCV) project on a limited scale, a top company executive said today.
“We will begin the LCV project on a very limited scale and take the initiative forward by understanding the marketing and sales experience. We will slowly roll out it as we do not want to rush into it. The commercial vehicle sector is a new sector for us,” Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) Chairman R C Bhargava said here on the sidelines of SIAM annual convention.
Last month, in an interview to PTI, he had said that Maruti plans to launch one ton LCV, which is in the same segment as Tata Ace and Mahindra Gio and Ashok Leyland’s Dost, by next year.
Sales, service network
The company will have a separate sales and service network for the LCV.
“We are in the process of setting up sales and distribution network for LCV because you cannot sell LCVs and cars from the same outlets. The customers are different, facilities required are different,” he had said.
When asked what kind of growth he expects this year, Bhargava said: “I expect that our company will continue to grow in double digits this year.”
Bhargava also remained bullish about festive season sales. He said: “Normally we see an improvement of 20-25 per cent in sales during the festive season so we expect that the trend will continue this year also.”
Modi government
He also expressed satisfaction on the functioning of the Modi government.
“I think the government has made a very good beginning, but this is totally unrealistic (to expect a quick revival), as the economy had really gone into such a decline over a period of time and so many ills had crept into the entire system...lack of governance, lack of implementation...so it will take much longer than 2-3 months to bring about a change,” he said.
Discounting trend
When asked about the discounting trend followed by the industry to push sales, he said: “While we are growing at double digits, rest of industry is not growing so well. And there are many companies which are not growing at all. If there is discounting being done by some companies, then others have to follow suit.”
On its upcoming model Ciaz in mid-sized sedan segment, Bhargava said: “We hope this car will do better than what we have achieved in the past.”
When asked if the company has set a voting date to get nod from its minority shareholders’ to let parent Suzuki Motor Corp own and invest in its Gujarat facility, he said: “We have not yet determined the date of voting.”
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Nikkei ends at 8-month highNikkei ends at 8-month high
Reuters
Tweet
Tokyo, Sept 12:  
Japanese share prices rose for the fifth straight session on Friday to end at an eight-month high, with exporters leading the gains on the yen’s weakness.
Japan’s Nikkei share average rose 0.3 per cent to 15,948.29 points, its highest close since January 8. For the week, it gained 1.8 per cent, outperforming most other share markets.
The broader Topix gained 0.2 per cent to a six-year closing high, while the new JPX-Nikkei Index 400 rose 0.2 per cent.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Today's Poll
Gold prices are falling. Will you invest now?
Yes

Steel Strips Wheels surges 14% on capacity expansion planSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 11:56 AM IST
Steel Strips Wheels surges 14% on capacity expansion plan
The company said it is increasing the production capacity by 1.5 million wheels annually to cater to increasing demand from OEMs.
Steel Strips Wheels (SSWL) has surged 14% to Rs 337 after the company said it is increasing the production capacity by 1.5 million wheels annually to cater to increasing demand from OEMs.
The total investment involved will be around Rs 5 crore and the new capacity will start yielding production by April 2015, SSWL said in a statement.
The combined capacity post this expansion will go to 18.1 million wheels across three plants of SSWL. This expansion is coming at the mother plant Dappar which is running at peak capacity of 85%, it added.
The stock opened at Rs 297 and touched a record high of Rs 342 on NSE. The trading volumes on the counter more than doubled with a combined 270,000 shares changed hands on the counter till noon deals on NSE and BSE.
 

Watch Live:  Blade Runner  Pistorius Awaits His Final Fatewatch live:  blade runner  pistorius awaits his final fate
JP Associates dips on Goldman Sachs downgradeSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:36 PM IST
JP Associates dips on Goldman Sachs downgrade
Goldman Sachs has downgraded the stock to 'neutral' from 'buy'earlier
Shares of JP Associates were down over 2% at Rs 35.70 after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stock to 'neutral'from 'buy'earlier.
The downgrade was on concerns after its promoter recently sold 1.45% stake in JP Associates and uncertainty over the Supreme Court ruling on coal block allocations, the global investment bank said in a note. Goldman Sachs has also removed the stock from its Asia Pacific buy list.
It may be recalled that Jaypee Infra Ventures recently sold over 13.48 million shares of Jaiprakash Associates through a bulk deal on the National Stock Exchange.
The stock opened at Rs 36.35 and touched a low of Rs 35.30 so far. Over 21 million shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.
 Advertisements

Oil slips below $98 | Markets @ noon: top 20 stock ideas for intraday trade; IGL rises 6%Brent crude drops below $98; weak demand outweighs geopolitical worries
Reuters Sep 12, 2014, 11.56AM IST
Tags:
Brent
(The October contract fell…)
SINGAPORE: Brent crude dropped below $98 a barrel on Friday, heading for its worst week in six as concerns over weak demand outweighed geopolitical worries in the Middle East and Ukraine.
Weaker oil demand in China and Europe had caused growth in global oil demand to soften at a remarkable pace, the International Energy Agency said in its monthly report released on Thursday.
The West's energy watchdog cut its demand growth projections by 150,000 barrels per day (bpd) to 900,000 bpd for 2014 and by 100,000 bpd to 1.2 million bpd in 2015.
Brent is down 3 per cent for the week so far, headed for its biggest weekly loss since the week to Aug. 1. The October contract fell 26 cents to $97.82 by 0530 GMT after a 4-cent gain in the previous session snapped a 5-day losing streak.
US crude gained 13 cents to $92.96 a barrel after closing up $1.16 on Thursday.
"I believe Brent is oversold which should warrant buy-back. I'm a little bullish on oil and it could bounce back to $100 next week," said Tetsu Emori, a commodity fund manager at Tokyo's Astmax Co Ltd.
"Investors are discounting the geopolitical risks in the market, but we see such risks."
Brent bounced from a 2-year low on Thursday after Russia warned the US that air strikes in Syria against Islamist militants would be an act of aggression without a U.N. security mandate. This raised the spectre of a new confrontation between Moscow and the West.
"I would like to see more risk premium priced in but the market doesn't want to," said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at CMC Markets in Sydney.
"There are still a lot of potential concerns, but the market seems relaxed by it all."
Geopolitical worries included Russia, which is facing fresh sanctions from the European Union and the US over the Ukraine crisis, McCarthy said.
The EU will implement tougher sanctions against Russia later on Friday, although they could be removed if Moscow abides by a ceasefire between Kiev and pro-Russian separatists. However, Russia called the new measures anti-peace.
The United States will also release details later on Friday of its own new sanctions against Russia which are expected to target Sberbank, Russia's largest bank, and further limit Russian banks' access to US capital.
Investors are waiting for US retail sales data on Friday to indicate how well the world's largest economic is performing, Emori said.
This will be followed by industrial and retail sales figures from China on Saturday, which will show whether the world's second largest economy is picking up steam.
The market is also keeping an eye on Iran which faces a "difficult road" to reach an agreement with six world powers over Tehran's nuclear programme by a late November deadline, a senior Iranian negotiator said on Thursday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

AB blood group people likelier to face dementia when older  finds studyAB blood group people likelier to face dementia when older
ANI  Washington, September 11, 2014
First Published: 13:11 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:33 IST(12/9/2014)
A new study has found that people belong to blood group AB face more risk of developing memory loss in their later years than people with other blood types.
(Getty Images)
The study found that people with AB blood, which is the least common blood type, were 82% more likely to develop the thinking and memory problems that could lead to dementia. Previous studies have shown that people with type O blood have a lower risk of heart disease and stroke, factors that can increase the risk of memory loss and dementia.
Also read: Overeating could cause memory loss?
The study of more than 30,000 people followed for an average of 3.4 years. In those who had no memory or thinking problems at the beginning, the study identified 495 participants who developed thinking and memory problems, or cognitive impairment, during the study. They were compared to 587 people with no cognitive problems.
People with AB blood type made up 6% of the group who developed cognitive impairment, which was higher than the 4 %  found in the US population.
Also read: Marijuana causes memory loss?
Study author Mary Cushman of the University of Vermont College of Medicine in Burlington, said that the study also found that blood type was also related to other vascular conditions like stroke, hence the findings highlighted the connections between vascular issues and brain health. However, more research was needed to confirm these results.
Researchers also looked at blood levels of factor VIII, a protein that helps blood to clot. High levels of factor VIII were related to higher risk of cognitive impairment and dementia. People in this study with higher levels of factor VIII were 24 %  more likely to develop thinking and memory problems than people with lower levels of the protein. People with AB blood had a higher average level of factor VIII than people with other blood types.
The study is published in published in online issue of Neurology, the medical journal of the American Academy of Neurology.

M&M Launch EcoSport  Duster Rival Next YearYou are here: Home Corporates
M&M to Launch Compact SUV Next Year
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 12, 2014 13:12 (IST)
Hero MotoCorp Plans to Invest Rs 1,600 Crore in New Plant: Report
Mahindra & Mahindra will increase its range of petrol engine-powered vehicles, starting with a compact sports utility vehicle (SUV) to be launched next year.
"We are developing a 1.2-litre petrol engine, which will power the compact SUV that we will launch next year. Also, we have a 1.6-litre petrol engine available from our Korean arm Ssangyong," Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) Executive Director Pawan Goenka said.
He further said: "We can also develop a 1-litre petrol engine in quick time based on the existing platform."
The plan to have more petrol vehicles is to offset any possible decline in demand for diesel vehicles due to the reducing price difference between petrol and diesel fuels.
Mr Goenka said the company will manufacture two out of the three new platforms, which it has announced, at the Chakan plant.
Last month M&M had announced plans to invest Rs 4,000 crore at the Chakan plant to take the overall capacity to 7.5 lakh units annually when fully operational. The fresh infusion would take its total investment in Chakan to Rs 8,000 crore.
In 2013, the company had announced plans to invest Rs 10,000 crore in three years.
When asked if the Chakan plant could be used to assemble models of the company's South Korean arm Ssangyong, he said at the moment there were no such plans.
"We don't have immediate plans to assemble any Ssangyong models in India. However, considering the capacity that the
Chakan plant would have when fully operational, we can produce a wide array of vehicles there."
On whether the company would bring the X100 compact SUV that Ssangyong planned to lunch next year, Mr Goenka said: "We don't have any such plans now. Unless we assemble that in India it will not be cost competitive."
Mr Goenka said the company has initiated a feasibility study for a possible entry of Ssangyong in the US but it would take years before being finalised.
"We don't have any timeline for that study. Even after that, it would take 2-3 years after the board approves any plan, if at all, for such a move. So, it is just far away," he added.
M&M's earlier plan to launch Scorpio pick-up truck in the US hasn't fructified due to legal issues with its distributor and dealers. Commenting on the market conditions, Mr Goenka said the industry has seen a turnaround with sales picking up in the last four months.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 13:09 (IST)

See crude price falling to $90/ bbl in 2014: OppenheimerLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Crude can fall below $90/bbl by Dec: Oppenheimer's Gheit
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Gheit says crude oil prices cannot be trading much above their replacement cost. They have been inflated for quite some time, because the risk premium due to fear of potential supply disruption has increased.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Oil prices above USD 70/barrel are not sustainable in the long term, says Fadel Gheit, Managing Director & Senior Analyst, Oppenheimer & Co.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Gheit says crude oil prices cannot be trading much above their replacement cost. They have been inflated for quite some time, because the risk premium due to fear of potential supply disruption has increased.
Gheit says crude prices can fall to USD 90 or even below by December.
“I am very confident that the US will end up lifting the ban on oil exports and that will bring crude oil prices lower, at maybe USD 10 lower from current level,” Gheit says.
RELATED NEWS

BP to extend mega IT deals with TCS  Wipro IBMSep 12, 2014, 01.33 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
BP to extend mega IT deals with TCS, Wipro & IBM
The deals will tenure for 5 years commencing in September 2014 with contracts valued at USD 1 billion each.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BP to extend mega IT deals with TCS, Wipro & IBM
The deals will tenure for 5 years commencing in September 2014 with contracts valued at USD 1 billion each.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Europe’s second largest oil and gas company, BP extends mega information technology pact with three IT players - Tata Consultancy Services ( TCS ), Wipro  and IBM, to deal in IT services such as service desk, app development and app maintenance.
The deals will tenure for 5 years commencing in September 2014 with contracts valued at USD 1 billion each.
Earlier this week, Infosys   had announced signing of deal with BP . Meanwhile, the latter is also in the process of renewing contracts with Accenture, HP and T-Systems.
As per policy, BP along with IT companies refused to comment.
RELATED NEWS

Car makers gain in an otherwise flat marketCar makers gain in an otherwise flat market
Modi May Seek China s Help to Induct Speed Trains  Modernise StationsModi May Seek China s Help to Induct Speed Trains  Modernise Stations
Coal blocks allocation scam: What s the hurry in filing closure report against Kumar Mangalam Birla  court asks CBIWhat do you think of Realtime News?
Hi Guest
Coal blocks allocation scam: What's the hurry in filing closure report against Kumar Mangalam Birla, court asks CBI
A special court today asked the CBI as to what was the "hurry" in filing a closure report in the coal blocks allocation case in which it had earlier lodged an FIR against top industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla and others.     "What was the hurry to ...

US to Yahoo: Hand over data else pay fine of $250 000 per dayUS to Yahoo: Hand over data else pay fine of $250 000 per day
Ukraine president says EU sanctions on Russia demonstrate solidarityUkraine president says EU sanctions on Russia demonstrate solidarity
Marketers to benefit from the new marketing management platform from Adobe and Publicis GroupMarketers to benefit from the new marketing management platform from Adobe and Publicis Group
Rupee trades higher; custodians sell dlrsRupee trades higher; custodians sell dlrs
India to soon to get its own  Times Square  in MumbaiIndia to soon to get its own  Times Square  in Mumbai
Spain August final national consumer prices fall 0.5% y/ySpain August final national consumer prices fall 0.5% y/y
AnG India launches vehicle monitoring solutionAnG India launches vehicle monitoring solution
Double solar storms headed to hit Earth todayBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Snowman stock zooms 70%: interesting highlightsSamie Modak |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 10:50 PM IST
Snowman Logistics shares soar 70% on Street debut
Stock is trading at Rs 80 compared to IPO price of Rs 47
Snowman Logistics, the country's largest cold storage warehousing chain, saw its shares soar 70 per cent at stock market debut on Friday.
Promoted by Gateway Distriparks, it raised nearly Rs 200 crore from the Initial Public Offer (IPO), which was subscribed around 60 times. The scrip closed at Rs 79.80, up 70 per cent compared to its issue price of Rs 47 a share.
There weren’t many sellers of Snowman shares and the stock got locked at the five per cent upper limit to its discovered price of Rs 76. After recent rule changes, new listings with an issue size of less than Rs 250 crore have to trade in a band of five per cent to the price discovered during the pre-open call auction.
GOOD TIDINGS
Shares end at Rs 80 versus IPO price of Rs 47
Snowman’s Rs 197-crore IPO saw bids of more than Rs 10,000 crore
Company in the process of expanding cold storage warehouses
Cold storage warehousing industry growing at a rapid pace
Snowman IPO positively impacts shares of other logistic firms
Investment bankers said there was huge demand for the company’s shares in the secondary market, as very few IPO applicants got an allotment. The retail investor category, with 260,000 applications, was subscribed 41 times, the rich investor category was subscribed 220 times and the institutional investor segment was subscribed 17 times. One of every 18 retail applicants got an allotment of only 300 shares in the IPO.
Analysts said investors were attracted to Snowman’s business model and long-term growth prospects. It is in the process of expanding its temperature-controlled and ambient warehouses.
The cold storage warehousing and transportation industry is expected to expand from Rs 15,000 crore at present to Rs 65,000 crore by 2017. The company’s business model is likely to benefit from the fast-growing processed food industry. Snowman’s revenues and profits have grown at a compounded annual growth of 45 per cent and 53 per cent, respectively, between 2009-10 and 2013-14.
Market experts said the stellar listing of Snowman will help boost investor sentiment towards coming IPOs. Snowman's IPO also positively impacted other listed logistics companies, such as Gati, Container Corp and Balmer Lawrie and Co, whose share prices have seen a good run in recent weeks.
Sharda Cropchem, which just concluded a Rs 350-crore offering, is also expected to list at a huge premium, going by the prices quoted in the grey market.
Entertainment firm Shemaroo and apparel retailer Monte Carlo are next in line to launch their public offerings. Also, the government is about to begin its mega disinvestment drive with Steel Authority of India, followed by Oil and Natural Gas Corporation and Coal India.
 Advertisements

AAP releases  bribe video    BJP denies poaching chargesAAP releases 'bribe video' , BJP denies poaching charges
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 08, 2014
First Published: 12:13 IST(8/9/2014) | Last Updated: 21:45 IST(8/9/2014)
Comments
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Monday accused a senior Delhi Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader of trying to bribe an AAP legislator to switch sides and help the BJP form a government in the capital, but the BJP’s local unit washed its hands off the controversy.
 
AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal released a sting video purportedly showing Delhi BJP vice president Sher Singh Dagar offering Rs. 4 crore to AAP MLA Dinesh Mohaniya amid reports that the BJP was preparing to form the government in Delhi, which has been under president’s rule since February.
 
Mohania was allegedly told he could contest the election on a BJP ticket and even if he lost, he would be given chairmanship of any government-run board.
 
Neither the BJP nor the AAP have a majority to form a government in Delhi: the BJP is the single largest party in Delhi with 28 MLAs in the 67-member house, while the AAP has 27 members and the Congress only eight. There are four other members in the house.
 
Reports said the BJP looked set to receive an invitation from lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung any time and the party was likely to prove its majority on the floor of the house in a secret ballot.
 
Monday’s allegations are likely to weigh on any decision by the lieutenant governor on whether to call the BJP to form the next government in Delhi.
Video: Sting captures senior BJP leader trying to bribe AAP MLA
Rs. 4 crore.'>
“Under any circumstances, we are not going to allow the BJP to form the government by using illegal means," Kejriwal said at a press conference. He added that said raw footage of the sting operation will be submitted to the Supreme Court which is set to hear a Delhi Assembly case on Tuesday.
 
Sources said the AAP wanted to discredit the BJP and stall any effort to form a government. The AAP has been pressing for fresh elections because its internal assessment shows it can improve its 2013 tally of 28 seats.
 
“Only the L-G can say what will be done. Only he can take any decision," Home Minister Rajnath Singh said when asked about the political situation in Delhi.
 
The BJP’s Delhi unit distanced itself from the controversy, but sought an explanation from Dagar. “The party has nothing to do with the entire episode,” said a senior BJP leader.
 
“We have sought an explanation from Dagar. He had not gone to meet the AAP MLA, rather he had approached BJP. Dagar is anyway not authorised to take a decision on anyone wishing to join the party,” said Satish Upadhyay, Delhi BJP president.
 
Dagar said Mohania had approached him to join the BJP: “If someone visits me, how can I not attend to the person?”  He also said he will quit politics if the charges were proved.
What do you think about the controversy regarding the Delhi government? Take our survey and tell us:

Indian Companies Invested $1.25 Billion Overseas in August: RBIHero MotoCorp Plans to Invest Rs 1,600 Crore in New Plant: Report
Mumbai: Indian corporates invested $1.25 billion overseas in August, higher than $1.12 billion in July but sharply lower than $2.47 billion a year ago, according to data released by the Reserve Bank of India on Thursday.
Overseas direct investments in August included equities of $207.39 million, loans of $303.48 million and $742.80 million in bank guarantees, the RBI said.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Tata Motors  Microlise Join Hands for Fleet Management ServicesYou are here: Home Corporates
Tata Motors, Microlise Join Hands for Fleet Management Services
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 17:28 (IST)
Hero MotoCorp Plans to Invest Rs 1,600 Crore in New Plant: Report
New Delhi:
Auto major Tata Motors has joined hands with UK-based Microlise to launch advanced telematics and fleet management services in the Indian market.
Under the partnership, which is for an initial period of five years, both sides intend to utilise their respective strengths to deliver services through Tata Fleetman platform, a vehicle management and tracking system, which the Mumbai-based auto major had launched in 2012.
While Microlise will provide the technology and solutions, Tata Motors will integrate them in its commercial vehicles and utilise its reach for service delivery.
"We have been trying to bring new technologies to the Indian automotive market. With this motive in mind, we created Tata Fleetman vehicle tracking solutions in 2012. Now with Microlise in tow, we intend to usher in latest technology in this segment," Tata Motors Commercial Vehicles Business Unit Executive Director Ravi Pisharody told reporters here.
Tata Motors would install the advanced tracking system in its trucks above 16 tonnes category in a phased manner, starting with its premium Prima truck range, he added.
The partners would also service aftermarket via offering the service to fleet owners across the country, Pisharody said.
"Besides, the partners would also offer the existing fleet owners to upgrade to the new advanced fleet management solutions by paying a nominal amount," he added.
Currently, around 4,500 trucks use Tata Fleetman service around the country.
When asked about the potential of telematics and fleet management services in the Indian market, Pisharody said: "The current market for 6 tonnes and above trucks currently stands at around 25,000 units per month. It is just not penetrated as yet. There is huge potential for this segment to grow in the country."
Commenting on the partnership, Microlise Managing Director Nadeem Raza said the new Tata Fleetman system would help in addressing the requirements of Indian transport companies.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 17:25 (IST)

Pending Investor Complaints Against Companies Dip 16% in AugustYou are here: Home Industries
Pending Investor Complaints Against Companies Dip 16% in August
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 17:42 (IST)
Ford India Launches Refreshed Figo at Rs 3.87 Lakh
Mumbai:
Pending investor complaints against listed firms dropped by nearly 16 per cent to 541 in August, and the number of companies against which such grievances were recorded also decreased to 21.
In comparison, 642 investor complaints were pending against 29 listed companies as on July 31, according to Sebi's Online Complaints Redress System (SCORES).
As on August 31, 541 complaints were pending for a period of more than 60 days against 21 firms, including Oil & Natural Gas Corporation, Malanpur Steel and Rolex Pharmaceuticals Ltd.
As per Securities and Exchange Board of India directive, listed firms are required to resolve investor complaints within a month of receiving them failing which they would be liable for penal action.
The data includes those entities against whom more than ten complaints are pending for more than 60 days and excludes entities against whom enforcement action has been initiated by Sebi for non-redressal of investor grievances.
Of the total 541 investor complaints pending against 21 companies at August-end, the maximum number of complaints (141) were pending against Malanpur Steel.
There were 104 investor grievances against ONGC, 21 against Rolex Pharmaceuticals and 20 complaints each against Jupiter Bioscience and Midfield Industries.
Acropetal Technologies Ltd and Modern Cement Ltd had 19 grievances each pending against them, while Steel Exchange India had only 18 such complaints.
Among other entities regulated by Sebi, which has set up SCORES for fast-track resolution and monitoring of investor complaints, a total of 54 complaints were pending for over two months against two mutual funds houses and one registrar to an issue/share transfer agent (Karvy Computershare Private Ltd).
The mutual funds included -- Reliance Mutual Fund (16) and SBI Mutual Fund (12).
As many as 26 investor grievances were pending against Karvy Computershare.
Sebi online complaint redressal system, SCORES, lists all entities functioning in the capital market, including listed companies, stock exchanges, merchant bankers and mutual funds.
SCORES, launched in June 2011, provides a centralised database of all complaints, online movement of complaints to the concerned listed companies, online upload of Action Taken Reports (ATRs) by the concerned companies.
It also helps investors view, track and follow up the actions taken on their grievance.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 17:38 (IST)

Dell launches new Vostro 15 3000 Series laptopsThe Vostro 15 3000 Series starts at price of Rs. 30,090, which comes with Intel Celeron 2957U processor, 4GB RAM, 500 GB HDD and runs on Windows 8.1 OS.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 7:34 pm
Dell has introduced its new Vostro 15 3000 Series laptops for small business and professionals.  The new Vostro 15 3000 Series comes with a 15.6-inch screen and runs on 4th generation Intel ultra-low voltage processor with up to Core i5 performance and Intel Turbo Boost technology.
The Vostro 15 3000 Series starts at price of Rs. 30,090, which comes with Intel Celeron 2957U processor,  4GB RAM, 500 GB HDD and runs on Windows 8.1 OS.
For graphics-rich applications and uninterrupted multi-tasking performance, customers can opt for built-in discrete graphics from NVIDIA with up to 2 GB memory for a performance boost. Fitted with a textured cover in grey wave pattern, the laptops weighs around 2.38 kilograms.
Key specs:
Processor Options: Intel 4th Generation Core i3-4005U, i3-4030U, i5-4210U and Intel Celeron 2957U
Display: 15.6-inch HD Wide Screen LED Anti-Glare Display (1366×768) 720p
OS Options: Windows 8.1 Pro 64bit, Windows 8.1 Pro China 64bit, Windows 8.1 64bit , Windows 8.1 for emerging markets, Ubuntu
System Memory: Up to 8 GB, 1600MHz DDR3L SoDIMM
Graphics Options: Intel HD Graphics and Intel HD Graphic 4400, NVIDIA 820M with 2GB DDR3L
Battery: 4-cell Cylindrical Lithium Ion battery (40WHr)
Primary Storage Options: 500GB or 1TB 5400RPM SATA Hard Drive
Integrated Wired: Gigabit Ethernet network
Wireless LAN: 802.11 b/g/n and Bluetooth v4.0 Combo
Wireless display support by Miracast in Win8.1
Integrated stereo speakers (2W x 2)
HD Audio enhanced with Wave MaxxAudio software
Integrated 720HD (1.0MP) camera with microphones
Optical Drive Option: Built-in 9.5 inch SATA tray load 8X DVD+/-RW
VGA out, RJ-45, Power, headphone/Microphone combo jack , (1) USB 3.0, (2) USB 2.0
SD Card Reader

Jharkhand orders closure of 12 iron ore minesManolo Serapio Jr. and Naveen Thukral     Singapore   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 21:16 IST
Photo:  Reuters
Jharkhand has ordered the closure of 12 out of its 17 iron ore mines because their leases have expired, dealing a fresh blow to local steelmakers, some of which have been forced to import the raw material due to short supplies at home.
Mining curbs in states such as Goa and Karnataka along with mine closures in top producing Odisha have limited iron ore availability in the country, opening the door to more imports this year, which could help absorb some of the surplus in global supply.
Jharkhand was India's third-biggest iron ore producer in the fiscal year to March, with output of around 21 million tonnes. The shut mines, including those of steel majors Tata Steel and Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL), accounted for around 19 million tonnes.
"They have sent notice to close 12 mines. These include mines of Tata Steel and Steel Authority of India Limited," an official of the Jharkhand state government said by phone from the capital Ranchi.
The notice was issued last week, he said, declining to be named because he was not authorised to speak to the media.
Asked when the mines would resume operations, the official said: "It depends on the government's policy."
Another official from the state government confirmed the mine closures.
In May, the Supreme Court ordered the temporary closure of 26 out of 56 operating mines in Odisha, also due to non-renewal of mining leases.
Eight of those mines in Odisha have since reopened, including the captive mines of Tata Steel, SAIL and state-owned Odisha Mining Corp, said Dhruv Goel, managing partner at industry consultancy SteelMint, based in Odisha.
SAIL produces 10-11 million tonnes of iron ore annually in Jharkhand and Tata Steel around 5 million tonnes, Goel said.
He estimated that both steelmakers had iron ore stocks that could probably last them around 40-45 days.
From 300,000 tonnes in the past fiscal year, India's iron ore imports would probably reach 6-7 million tonnes in the current year to March 2015 due to the mining restrictions, said Goel. Imports had already reached 2.6 million tonnes in April to August, he said, citing government data.
That could help siphon off some of the surplus in the world market that has slashed iron ore prices by nearly 40 percent this year as big Australian and Brazilian miners have lifted output and demand has slowed in top buyer China.
(Additional reporting by Mayank Bhardwaj in New Delhi)
 (Reuters)

Alibaba defends payments arm split-off© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dba294ac-39cb-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Grain stocks set to be highest since 2003September 11, 2014 1:29 pm
Grain stocks set to be highest since 2003
By Gregory Meyer in New York and Emiko Terazono in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/51412f48-399f-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Taj hotels  foreign expansion plan back on drawing boardAbhineet Kumar |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
Taj hotels' foreign expansion plan back on drawing board
Divests from properties abroad to focus on its key markets
Indian Hotels Company’s strategy for expanding abroad is back to the drawing board. On Wednesday, the company that runs the Taj group of hotels, part of Tata Group, exited its management control contract with Morroco’s JK Hotels for the Taj Palace at Marrakech in that country.
This comes a couple of months after the company sold its sole property in Australia, Blue Sydney, for about Rs 180 crore. And, less than a year earlier, it had called off a $1.2-billion bid for Bermuda-based Orient-Express Hotels.
“The divestment has been undertaken as part of the Taj group’s strategy to focus on markets which are core to the group’s operations,” stated the company. It was, it said, going to “create liquidity to fund the company’s ongoing expansion in such markets”. It has identified China and the Asia-Pacific as core regions to grow.
The reported loss for 2013-14 was Rs 553 crore, consolidated debt Rs 4,252 crore. It also has debt amounting to Rs 553 crore maturing in this financial year. The company's high debt is also because of the acquisitions done in the past. Construction of own hotels also became an expensive proposition because of rising land prices. The company is now slowly shifting its business model to managed properties. It  currently has about 24 properties with 2,464 rooms under management contract.  
“The overseas expansion strategy has been revisited, prioritising the key source market, as the company has decided to divest unsustainable propeties,” said an analyst with a domestic brokerage who did not wish to be identified. “China is the new priority, as it feeds into its properties in Mauritius and Malaysia.”  The 112-year-old Tata enterprise has continued with its flagship brand, Taj, for over a century, attracting premium leisure travellers. However, with the onslaught of international hotel brands in this country, it launched an upscale chain called Gateway in September 2008, and Vivanta by Taj two years later, to target business travel. In the past eight years, it has also bought costly assets in key source markets, especially in America, to attract business travellers to its new upscale chain of hotels. The logic is that as the bulk of travellers, for business and leisure, come to India from America and Europe, the company can create demand for its hotels by showcasing the brand in those markets. That’s why it now runs 16 hotels in key markets abroad. The company aims to generate 40 per cent of its revenue from outside in India in the days to come, from about 30 per cent now.
In China, it plans to come up with a 200-room Taj hotel, and a Vivanta by Taj hotel with 300 rooms, in the Kunming Expo Garden of Yunnan province. In January 2012, IHC signed an agreement with Yunnan Tourism Company to construct, develop and operate these hotels. It also plans a Hotel Taj Temple of Heaven in Beijing and is developing a 300-room propery at Hainan island as a premium holiday resort. The company hopes these will help it source customers for its hotels in Maldives and Malaysia.
“By divesting such assets, the company is exercising its financial prudence while meeting its expansion objectives,” said a hotel sector consultant, who did not wish to be identified as he was not allowed to speak about any single company. “This will help it improve cash flow to meet investment targets.”
 Advertisements

BES made secret loans to top shareholderSeptember 11, 2014 6:01 pm
Banco Espírito Santo secretly lent funds to controlling shareholder
By Miles Johnson in London and Peter Wise in Lisbon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e00b1d6-399c-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s telecom industry is in a mess: Vodafone CEOPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:59 AM IST
India's telecom industry is in a mess: Vodafone CEO
Blames it on the thinking that more competition is good for the sector
The world’s second-largest telecom operator, Vodafone, facing taxation issues in India, on Thursday said it was difficult for foreign companies to do business in the country because of slower government clearances.
Vodafone India Chief Executive & Managing Director Marten Pieters said the firm had in December last year sought government’s approval to bring in funds from the parent company for buying airwaves but the clearance was still awaited.
“Yes, it is difficult to do business in India. That is the perception of foreign companies in general, not only telecom ones,” said, Pieters at the Economist India Summit here.
The British telco is facing a tax liability of Rs 11,200 crore, along with interest, on its 2007 acquisition of Hong Kong-based Hutchison Whampoa’s stake in India’s Hutchison Essar. He, however, added the process for doing business in India “can be made much easier, smoother by just removing a few things”.
On spectrum auctions, due in February, and raising equity for it, Pieters said: “I have no answer, I got to know last week that the officer dealing with the file had retired.” He said India’s telecom industry was in a mess, mainly because of the thinking that the more the competition, the better it was, Pieters said.
He said industry structure was a government responsibility and he had seen “very little action” to change this system.
“The telecom industry, if you look at it from an international perspective, is a mess in India. It seems to come from this concept that has been developed in the past, that the more the competition, the better,” Pieters said.
“The industry structure is a problem of the government... spectrum, our raw material, is in limited supply, so if you get too many players, you get this problem where nobody has enough spectrum,” he said.
Pieters said he had raised the point about industry structure during his discussions with the government in the past as well, but was told that this was a result of competitive environment.
He gave China’s example, where there were only three players in the space. These operators were all very profitable, offered low rates and had a far better infrastructure, he added. Last year, China invested $50 billion in its networks, while the figure in India was $5 billion, he said.
“This industry structure is the government’s responsibility. I have seen very little action (in India) to change that, to take that responsibility,” Pieters said.
Asked if there was a change in perspective since the new government took over, he said: “In India, the sentiment can change overnight. But that does not mean everything can structurally change overnight... it can hopefully be after 12-18 months.”
Pieters said the information & communication technology initiatives announced by the government were not new and the National Telecom Policy, 2012, was full of such concepts.
“All those are great ambitions... the problem is about getting there. I see that in our industry the thinking about getting there is simply not there,” he said.
 Advertisements

Electra rallies against activistSeptember 12, 2014 2:49 am
Electra rallies against activist
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany, Private Equity Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/304eb8a2-39bb-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

First claim by al-Qaeda India subcontinent wing: Pak Navy men oursBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

BPCL offers first Euro III diesel cargoes for exportReuters |  Singapore Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 08:36 AM IST
BPCL offers first Euro III diesel cargoes for export
India's Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd (BPCL) has offered its first Euro III diesel cargoes for export, as domestic inventory stands at high levels due to weak demand, trade sources said on Friday.
Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd (BPCL) has offered its first Euro III diesel cargoes for export, as domestic inventory stands at high levels due to weak demand, trade sources said on Friday.
The state-owned company has offered three cargoes of 35,000 tonne each of 350 ppm sulphur diesel for loading from Mumbai and Kochi, a tender document showed.
One cargo is to be loaded from Mumbai over Oct. 10 to 12 and one from Kochi over Oct. 14 to 16. The third cargo can be loaded from either Kochi or Mumbai in October, according to the document. The tender will close on Sept. 15 and is valid until Sept. 17.
BPCL only exports high sulphur gasoil occasionally when there is a unit maintenance.
"The refinery is holding high stocks, so thought of trying this out," a source close to the matter said.
 Advertisements

S&P Dow Jones Indices says Alibaba could be added to global benchmarksS&P Dow Jones Indices says Alibaba could be added to global benchmarks
Too early to say autos seeing growth across board: Maruti08:00 am
In a bid to make a mark in the big car segment, India's top car maker  Maruti Suzuki launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz. The car is available in petrol and diesel fuel options powered by a 1.4 litre and 1.3 litre engines respectively. Bookings opened on September 3.
Speaking exclusively to CNBC-TV18's Farah Bookwala, Chairman RC Bhargava said, "Ciaz is not really the premium segment. It is like the Honda City segment. It is the same segment in which we had the Baleno and SX4. So, this car is another offering in that segment. We hope this car will do better in this segment than what we have achieved in the past."
He further added that in the festival season one can see growth of 20-25 percent over the non-festive season. Bhargava is hopful that the growth pattern this year will be similar to the past and will be sustained. The global launch of Ciaz is planned during the forthcoming festival season.
Sharing his outlook on the Indian automobile sector, he said though there is some small growth in the sector as a whole, but many companies haven't been able to grow yet. "I think it is too early to say that there is growth across the board in the automobile sector. Some companies are doing better than others; that is all I can say," he added.
When asked about car segments that will drive growth going ahead, he said, "Entry-level sector is growing better than it has done in the past and the sector above that, the B-segment is also doing better than what has been achieved. So, these are the main sectors which will drive growth for sometime to come."
Meanwhile, in August, Maruti's total sales rose 26.9 percent to 1,10,776 units as against 87,323 units in August last year. Domestic sales during the month stood at 98,304 units, an increase of 29.3 percent from 76,018 units in August of previous year. The boost in sales was mailny due to compact cars comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire, which were at 46,759 units in August as against 30,512 units in the year-ago month, up 53.2 percent.
 
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On September 15, 2014, Maruti Suzuki India closed at Rs 2970.00, down Rs 1.15, or 0.04 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2978.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 1301.65.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 96.45 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 30.79. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.28.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex  Nifty consolidate; Snowman Logistics lists at Rs 75Sep 12, 2014, 11.01 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty consolidate; Snowman Logistics lists at Rs 75
Snowman Logistics started trade at Rs 75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, up 59.6 percent over its issue price of Rs 47 on huge buying interest on the listing day. The issue was subscribed 60 times, so such a nice listing was expected by analysts.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty consolidate; Snowman Logistics lists at Rs 75
Snowman Logistics started trade at Rs 75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, up 59.6 percent over its issue price of Rs 47 on huge buying interest on the listing day. The issue was subscribed 60 times, so such a nice listing was expected by analysts.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:00am Interview
In a bid to make a mark in the big car segment, India's top car maker Maruti Suzuki launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz. The car is available in petrol and diesel fuel options powered by a 1.4 litre and 1.3 litre engines respectively. Bookings opened on September 3.
Speaking exclusively to CNBC-TV18, Chairman RC Bhargava said, "Ciaz is not really the premium segment. It is like the Honda City segment. It is the same segment in which we had the Baleno and SX4. So, this car is another offering in that segment. We hope this car will do better in this segment than what we have achieved in the past."
He further added that in the festival season one can see growth of 20-25 percent over the non-festive season. Bhargava is hopful that the growth pattern this year will be similar to the past and will be sustained. The global launch of Ciaz is planned during the forthcoming festival season.
10:30am Market Expert
Sanjeev Prasad, Senior Executive Director & Co-Head, Kotak Institutional Equities says the medium-term rally remains intact, but the next leg of upmove will depend on government reforms. He says the market may be already discounting FY16 earnings and may see upside of 9 percent before getting fully discounted.
He is positive on autos, private banks from the start of the year and continues to remain so. “We are adding more consumption names to our portfolio,” he told CNBC-TV18.
10:00am Equity benchmarks remained in a consolidation mode with the Sensex rising 33.95 points to 27029.82 and the Nifty gaining 5.60 points to 8091.30 while the broader markets continued to outperform.
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices climbed 0.3 percent and 0.6 percent, respectively. About 1360 shares have advanced, 752 shares declined, and 78 shares are unchanged.
Snowman Logistics started trade at Rs 75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, up 59.6 percent over its issue price of Rs 47 on huge buying interest on the listing day. The issue was subscribed 60 times, so such a nice listing was expected by analysts.
Shares of ITC, HDFC, ONGC, TCS, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, HUL, Sesa Sterlite and Gail gained 0.3-0.8 percent whereas ICICI Bank, Axis Bank, Wipro, Tata Power, Dr Reddy's Labs and Hindalco fell 0.3-0.8 percent.
Drug maker Sun Pharma lost another 3.5 percent, in addition to 5 percent loss in previous session after US drug regulator conducted a surprise audit at the company’s Halol facility (which contributes 40 percent of US sales and 25 percent to consolidated profit) in Gujarat. The company is seeking shareholders' approval to set borrowing limit up to Rs 50,000 crore and also for raising funds up to Rs 12,000 crore.
09:15

I wrote to Manmohan Singh warning him over 2G allocations  claims Congress s Kamal Nath#kamal nath #cag #vinod rai #manmohan singh #2g #coalgate #coal scam #congress #bjp #upa
New Delhi: In a statement that could send ripples across the Congress, senior party leader and former parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath has claimed that he had warned former prime minister Manmohan Singh over 2G allocations. "I did write a letter to the PM warning him of the allocations in 2G. It is already in the government files," said the Congress leader.
Kamal Nath's claims come at a time when former Comptroller and Auditor General of India Vinod Rai has alleged that the former PM took no corrective measures to avert loss to the exchequer despite being aware of the actions of the various ministries and many cabinet ministers bringing the irregularities to his notice.
Training guns at Singh, the Bharatiya Janata Party questioned why Singh did not intervene to stop the scams under the UPA regime. "It is clear that he was not intervening but who was stopping him? Was it the 2G of the Congress that was preventing it - Sonia G and Rahul G? This is the big question that people of this country will ask," BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said.
However, Congress leader Manish Tewari defended Singh saying that he has nothing to answer in teh scams. "In so far as the 2G case is concerned, the developments in the telecom sector between 1995 and 2009 were looked at extensively by the joint parliamentary committee. The committee in its report has debunked the theory that was put out by the then CAG. There is nothing that Manmohan Singh has to answer for," Tewari said.
The former CAG has also criticised Singh by saying that integrity is not just financial but intellectual and professional too and claimed that Congress leaders had sought to apply pressure on him to keen the PM's name out of audit reports. "Integrity is not just financial; it is intellectual integrity; it is professional integrity. You have an oath of allegiance to the constitution and that is important," he said.
While Rai claimed that Congress leaders including Sanjay Nirupam sought to apply pressure on him to keep the former PM's name out of audit reports, Nirupam said that his claims are totally wrong. "I have never spoken to him. I challenge his claims. He is totally wrong," said the Congress leader.
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Singh and alleged suggested that he was more interested in remaining in power.
"You cannot have the nation being subjugated to the state and the state being a coalition of political parties. The belief was that good politics makes good economics too. But does good politics mean just staying in power," he asked.
Rai, who is writing a book on his days as head of the CAG, said his phone was tapped by the then UPA government and he felt Singh was part of the decisions to allocate 2G telecom spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
"There is no way Singh can shirk responsibility in in 2G and coal scams. In 2G all the letters written by then telecom Minister A Raja were to him and he was replying to those letters. I got no reply to any letter I wrote to him. On one occasion when I called on him, the PM said I hope you don't expect a reply from me, whereas he was replying to Raja twice a day. So how can he be not held responsible for the onus of that decision?," Rai said.

Facebook bolsters video content  challenges YouTube#facebook #youtube #google #online video
Facebook has approached some of YouTube's biggest content producers to get them to distribute their videos on the social network, the Wall Street Journal said on Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Facebook seems to be taking on Google's video site by trying to lure its biggest content producers to the social network, the Journal said.
Popular content from Walt Disney's Maker Studios and Collective Digital Studio can already be found on Facebook via the site's news feed and on individual creator's pages, the report said.
Facebook has approached some of YouTube's biggest content producers to get them to distribute their videos on the social network.
One of YouTube's viral series The Annoying Orange by Collective has a dedicated page on the social network.
"Our partnerships team regularly has conversations with content creators about how to best utilise all of Facebook's offerings, video included," a Facebook spokeswoman told the Journal.
Until recently, much of the video content on Facebook was YouTube videos posted by users, but Facebook now allows users to upload videos directly to its site. This enables the site to sell ads with the videos, the report said.
If Facebook succeeds with its video push, it could undercut YouTube's dominance of the online video ad market, the Journal added, citing eMarketer estimates.
Facebook was not immediately available to comment.

SC stays Nithari killer Koli s execution til...Supreme Court stays Nithari killer Surendra Koli's execution till October 29
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 11.24AM IST
Tags:
HL Dattu
( The Supreme Court Friday…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today extended till October 29 the stay on execution of death sentence of Nithari rapist-cum-serial killer Surinder Koli.
A bench headed by justice H L Dattu posted the case for hearing on October 29, on Koli's plea seeking review of apex court's verdict upholding his conviction and death sentence in one of the murder cases.
On September 8, the bench, also comprising justice A R Dave, had stayed the execution of death sentence of Koli for killing children in a house in Nithari village in Noida near here in 2006, for a period of one week.
The plea on behalf of 42-year-old Koli was moved by a team of lawyers led by senior advocate Indira Jaising and was mentioned before the bench after midnight and the order was passed at 1:40 AM, hours before his execution.
Koli was to be hanged on the early morning of September 8, in Meerut jail, where he has been kept in a high-security barrack.
The lawyers had sought review of the apex court's July 24, 2014 order dismissing the plea to stay the execution of death sentence awarded to Koli.
While seeking stay of execution of the capital punishment, Jaising, along with advocate Yug Choudhary and others, had referred to the September 2 verdict of the apex court in which it had held that the review plea of condemned prisoners must be given an open court hearing.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Himachal boy s bullet train model gets picked up for national-level exhibitionComments
A Himachal Pradesh student has created a bullet train model that has been selected for a national-level exhibition, a school official said on Friday.
Shilpa, a class 10 student in Government Senior Secondary School at Sudhial near Nadaun in Hamirpur district, has prepared the bullet train model that is based on the magnetic repulsion effect of similar poles of magnets.
The model, declared the best in the state-level science exhibition, will now be displayed at the national-level Innovation in Science Pursuit for Inspired Research (INSPIRE) exhibition to be held in New Delhi Oct 6-8, school principal Om Prakash said.
"The model is based on my innovative ideas. Now I am focusing to further improve it technically," said Shilpa.
INSPIRE is a programme of the department of science and technology of the union government to sharpen young minds in science.

Gateway Distriparks hits record high post Snowman s listingSep 12, 2014, 11.44 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gateway Distriparks hits record high post Snowman's listing
Gateway Distriparks, the logistics facilitator, is the largest shareholder with 40.40 percent stake in Snowman that was reduced from 54.04 percent through public issue of 4.2 crore equity shares opened during August 26-28.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gateway Distriparks hits record high post Snowman's listing
Gateway Distriparks, the logistics facilitator, is the largest shareholder with 40.40 percent stake in Snowman that was reduced from 54.04 percent through public issue of 4.2 crore equity shares opened during August 26-28.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Not only Snowman Logistics ' shares were in demand on listing day but also its promoter  Gateway Distriparks (GDL) that jumped 3.5 percent intraday Friday to touch a record high of Rs 278.90 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, in addition to 3.6 percent rally in previous session.
Gateway Distriparks, the logistics facilitator, is the largest shareholder with 40.40 percent stake in Snowman that was reduced from 54.04 percent through public issue of 4.2 crore equity shares opened during August 26-28. The issue was oversubscribed 59.75 times supported by retail subscription with 41.26 times, non-institutional investors with 221.79 times and qualified institutional buyers with 16.98 times.
Other major shareholders are Mitsubishi Corporation (9.4 percent stake), Mitsubishi Logistics Corporation (2.18 percent stake), International Finance Corporation (9.3 percent stake), Norwest Venture Partners VII-A Mauritius (10.3 percent stake) and Laguna International (1.17 percent stake).
GDL's subsidiary Snowman Logistics listed at Rs 75 (the equilibrium price arrived in pre-opening session) on the Bombay Stock Exchange. That is 60 percent returns for investors over the issue price of Rs 47, which is more than grey market premium of 25-30 percent premium.
The appetite seems not ending as there were pending buy orders of 1,475,279 shares, with no sellers available. The current market capitalisation of the company stands at Rs 1,310.8 crore as against market cap (before the listing) was Rs 782 crore.
 
The largest cold chain solutions provider raised Rs 197.4 crore through the issue that amount will be used for setting up new temperature controlled and ambient warehouses, and long term working capital.
At 11:21 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 273, up Rs 3.50, or 1.30 percent while Snowman Logistics jumped 67.55 percent to Rs 78.75.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Former Chhattisgarh CM Ajit Jogi falls from the dais  escapes unhurtDress report row: Hyderabad stands up for Deepika Padukone
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Sun Pharma to raise up to $2B  may use for MSun Pharma to raise up to $2B  may use for M
Maruti Suzuki Gains on Hopes of Double-Digit Car SalesMaruti Suzuki Gains on Hopes of Double-Digit Car Sales
Kashmir floods are a kind of national calamity: Home ministerWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Slideshow

CBI chief files affidavit in sealed cover in SCBSE 26816.56(-244.48)
NSE 8042.00(-63.50)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114091200270
News ani
Press Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:10 PM IST
CBI chief files affidavit in sealed cover in SC
The apex court had earlier directed Sinha to respond to the allegations made on him via an affidavit within ten days
CBI director Ranjit Sinha, who has come under scrutiny for allegedly entertaining accused in 2G and coal scams at his official residence here, today filed his affidavit responding to allegations levelled against him in a sealed envelope before the Supreme Court.
The affidavit has been filed in compliance of the order of the apex court which had on September 8 directed him to respond to the averments made against him, holding that they were 'serious' in nature.
The court had asked the CBI director to file the affidavit, saying, "Whatever you want to tell us, tell us in black and white."
The matter will be taken up for further hearing on September 15.
During the last hearing, the bench had taken serious objection to Sinha's reluctance to file an affidavit on merits of the allegations and had directed him to file his response on a plea for a direction to the Centre to take steps for his removal and for ordering an SIT probe against him for allegedly abusing his authority.
The bench had taken on record a register of entry list/ guest list at the CBI director's residence which was handed over by advocate Prashant Bhushan in a sealed envelope.
Bhushan had submitted that some unknown persons had turned up at his residence and had given him the documents without revealing their identities.
He had pleaded before the court to take the documents on record in safe custody as these may be destroyed.
The bench had also taken on record a list of 23 ITBP officials and four CBI constables, who were manning the gate of the director's residence at 2, Janpath here.
Bhushan, counsel for NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation, has alleged that several accused and officials of accused companies in the 2G scam and other cases have been frequent visitors to Sinha's residence.
He has also alleged that Sinha was trying to protect some accused and sought his removal from the post.
 Advertisements

No need to fear from al-Qaeda threat  says RajnathSinghRajnath Singh also said that a comprehensive action policy to weed out left-wing extremism will be given shape. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:09 pm
In the wake of terror group al-Qaeda’s announcement of forming its wing in India and launch attacks here, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said that there is no need to fear from the terrorist group. He also said that ‘nothing could be said about the authenticity of an al-Qaeda video which is still under examination by various expert agencies.’
It may be noted that, al-Qaeda commander Ayman al-Zawahari had announced the formation of a new wing of the feared terrorist group dedicated to waging jihad in the Indian subcontinent. In the videotape – the first released by the al-Qaeda chief since August 2013 – al-Zawaheri promises that al-Qaeda will now expand its operations throughout the region.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has asked the Intelligence Bureau (IB) to verify the authenticity of the video.
Speaking about Naxalism, Singh said that a comprehensive action policy to weed out left-wing extremism will be given shape.

Strides Arcolab up 3%  Macquarie says dividend to drive itSep 12, 2014, 12.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Strides Arcolab up 3%, Macquarie says dividend to drive it
During the last earnings call, Strides Arcolab had highlighted that from USD 390 million of receivables from Mylan, it expects contingent holdback (of USD 250 million) to get released in Q2 FY15. With 20 days left for Q2FY15 end, dividend could be a near-term catalyst.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Strides Arcolab up 3%, Macquarie says dividend to drive it
During the last earnings call, Strides Arcolab had highlighted that from USD 390 million of receivables from Mylan, it expects contingent holdback (of USD 250 million) to get released in Q2 FY15. With 20 days left for Q2FY15 end, dividend could be a near-term catalyst.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Strides Arcolab surged 3 percent intraday on Friday after Macquarie has included its top small-cap pick in India with a target price of Rs 950. The brokerage feels that its dividend could be a near-term catalyst and is positive that generic business will deliver strong growth going forward driven by market share ramp-up of recent launches.
"During the last earnings call, Strides Arcolab had highlighted that from USD 390 million of receivables from Mylan, it expects contingent holdback (of USD 250 million) to get released in Q2 FY15. With 20 days left for Q2FY15 end, dividend could be a near-term catalyst," it said in a report.
After retaining USD 50 million for the Biotech business, the drug company intends to distribute the remaining cash (post tax) as dividends. USS 40 million of regulatory escrow will be released post full resolution of FDA issues by Mylan and USD 100 million of tax escrow after three years.
At 10:55 hrs Strides Arcolab was quoting at Rs 730.20, up Rs 10.90, or 1.52 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Nasrin Sultana

IndusInd up  Credit Suisse expects CV cycle recovery to aidSep 12, 2014, 01.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IndusInd up, Credit Suisse expects CV cycle recovery to aid
Credit Suisse maintains outperform on the stock with increased target price of Rs 732, citing CV cycle improvement, clarity on CEO tenure will act as positive catalysts.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IndusInd up, Credit Suisse expects CV cycle recovery to aid
Credit Suisse maintains outperform on the stock with increased target price of Rs 732, citing CV cycle improvement, clarity on CEO tenure will act as positive catalysts.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  IndusInd Bank gained as much as 0.9 percent intraday Friday on hopes of recovery in commercial vehicle (CV) cycle. Credit Suisse maintains outperform rating on the stock with increased target price of Rs 732, citing CV cycle improvement, clarity on CEO tenure will act as positive catalysts.
Total advances in consumer finance business were Rs 25,364 crore in the quarter ended June 2014, out of which 16 percent for commercial vehicles loans (Rs 9,638 crore).
According to the brokerage, the private sector lender would be a key beneficiary of the CV cycle recovery gaining more traction. The M&HCV industry saw positive growth in August (up 10 percent Y-o-Y) after declining for around 30 consecutive months.
Credit Suisse remains positive on the CV cycle recovery with replacement demand returning and freight economics improving on an increase in freight rates (around 10 percent this year).
IndusInd’s management (in an interaction with the brokerage) highlighted increased enquiries for CVs on the ground which has started to get reflected in volumes.
As the CV cycle recovers, the share of consumer loans should go up towards 2H. This, coupled with moderation in wholesale rates, could boost margins in the coming quarters, Credit Suisse added.
According to the report, RBI’s clarification on the maximum age limit for directors of private banks (to 70 years) reduces the overhang of a possible change in top management and is a significant positive.
The brokerage maintains a strong (more than) 25 percent earnings momentum.
 
At 11:44 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 629.00, up Rs 0.65, or 0.10 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Tibetan Parliament to discuss Chinese President Xi Jinping s visit to India#tibetan parliament #chinese president #xi jinping #india #penpa tsering
Dharamsala: The session of the Tibetan Parliament-in-exile began in this Himachal Pradesh hill town on Friday and will hold special deliberations on the proposed visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to India next week, an official said.
A special session to discuss the proposed visit will be held on September 16, Speaker Penpa Tsering announced on the first day of the session.
The session will also discuss the current grim situation in Tibet and will see presentation of annual reports by the seven departments of the Central Tibetan Administration (CTA), said the official.
The session of the Tibetan Parliament-in-exile will hold deliberations on the proposed visit of Xi Jinping's visit to India.
Some 130 Tibetans have set themselves on fire since 2009 within and outside Tibet. The common cry of all self-immolators is the return of the Dalai Lama to Tibet and freedom for Tibetans.
The session, which can also be viewed online, will conclude on September 24.
The Dalai Lama has lived in India since fleeing his homeland in 1959. The Tibetan administration in exile is based in this northern Indian hill town.

J&K floods: People have been stranded for over a week  hostility expected  says IAFDress report row: Hyderabad stands up for Deepika Padukone
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Naidu: National Housing Mission in advanced stage of finalisationNaidu: National Housing Mission in advanced stage of finalisation
Navadha Pandey
Tweet
Housing for all Venkaiah Naidu, Union Urban Development and Housing Minister; Prakash Javadekar, Minister of State for Environment, Forest and Climate Change; and Navin Raheja, Chairman, Naredco, at the National Convention on Housing for All 2022, in New Delhi on Friday. KAMAL NARANG
New Delhi, Sept 12:  
The Government would soon launch a National Housing Mission to work towards the ambitious initiative ‘housing for all by 2022’, said M Venkaiah Naidu, Union Urban Development Minister, on Friday.
“We have experience of JNNURM, Indira Awaas Yojana, Rajiv Awaas Yojana, apart from Rajiv Rinn Yojana, which did not take off despite best efforts. I have studied all these schemes. The Government has decided to merge all these schemes and bring one National Housing Mission,” Naidu added.
The mission is in advanced stages of finalisation, he said, adding that the Ministry was also working towards a scheme for interest subvention for the urban poor. The Minister was speaking at the annual conclave of the National Real Estate Development Council here. The Government believes in public-private partnership and will involve the private sector in the mammoth task of constructing houses, Naidu added.
At the conclave, the real estate body came out with a wishlist for the sector which included infrastructure status to housing, single window clearance, online clearance, and simplifying procedures.
In order to get adequate credit for the housing sector, Naidu said that he will pursue with the Finance Minister to ensure priority lending for housing so that the sector gets enough resources to promote affordable housing.
Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar said he had started simplifying the process of clearances. “Permissions for projects up to 40 hectares can now be given at the State and city levels,” he said.
Due diligence is on for the request to raise environment exemption limit to 50,000 sq m, Javadekar added.
According to estimates, there is a shortage of 19 million houses currently which is expected to rise to 30 million houses by 2022.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Kamal Nath says warned Manmohan on 2G allocationBS Web Team |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:52 PM IST
Kamal Nath says warned Manmohan on 2G allocation
Admission comes day after ex-CAG Vinod Rai reveals Nath had written to the PM alerting him to the 2G allocation process
Senior Congress party leader and former Parliamentary Affairs minister Kamal Nath on Friday confirmed that he had warned Singh about the 2G spectrum allocations. 
 
"I did write a letter to the PM warning him of the allocations in 2G. It is already in the government files," the Congress leader told television channel CNN-IBN.
 
Nath was reacting to former Comptroller and Auditor General Vinod Rai's claim that the Congress veteran had warned the PM about the manner in which 2G spectrum allocations were being made.  
 
"I quoted Kamal Nath writing to the prime minister and expressing concerns about the development in the sector. I have written about the finance ministry expressing concerns, I have written about the law ministry expressing concerns. Now, all these things went to the prime minister," Rai said in an interiview to television channel Times Now on Thursday night. 
 
In the meantime, Congress leaders have started to rebut Rai's claims about pressure from Congress leaders to keep Singh's name out of the 2G and CWG scan audit reports.
 
Congress leader Manish Tewari defended Singh saying that he has nothing to answer for in the scams. "In so far as the 2G case is concerned, the developments in the telecom sector between 1995 and 2009 were looked at extensively by the joint parliamentary committee. The committee in its report has debunked the theory that was put out by the then CAG. There is nothing that Manmohan Singh has to answer for," Tewari said.
 
P C Chacko, a Congress leader from Kerala who is close to the Gandhi family, said it is unfair on Rai's part to accuse Singh, and that the former CAG is giving a one-sided story to the various scams that have surfaced.
 
"It is unfair on the part of ex-CAG Vinod Rai to harp on the same thing, knowing he is accusing a person whose public life is spotless. There were several letters sent by A Raja to Dr. Singh and they were also replied to. But Vinod Rai is not mentioning all of that. He is giving a one-sided story," Chacko said.
 
Rai had on Thursday opened a veritable can of worms in his interview, alleging that at least three Congress leaders -- Ashwini Kumar, Sanjay Nirupam, and Sandeep Dikshit -- had tried to pressure him to keep then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's name out of audit reports. 
 
Rai came out with a stinging criticism of Singh, saying integrity is not just financial but intellectual and professional too.
 
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Singh and alleged that he was more interested in remaining in power.
 
"Integrity is not just financial; it is intellectual integrity; it is professional integrity. You have an oath of allegiance to the constitution and that is important," he told Outlook magazine.
 
"The buck stops at the PM's desk in any parliamentary democracy. He is the CEO of the country. He can stop, or he can initiate, both. I have written in the book that he probably chose not to stop," the former Comptroller and Auditor General said.
 
Asked if the 2G spectrum scam could have happened without active involvement of the then prime minister, Rai said: "No, that's exactly why I have said that if he had put his foot down, probably the fate and the course of UPA 2 would have been different."
 
"If he had put his foot down and stopped this process from unfolding. It could have been any other process, we are not prescribing a process, it could have been any other process, but this process was faulty in a large number of ways. And the government has also accepted that rules and regulations were not being followed, goalposts had been shifted," he contended.
 
He said some ministers in Manmohan Singh's cabinet had been writing to the former PM about problems in the telecom sector.
 
"I found that minister of his own council who were writing to him again and again, saying that problems are (there) or there is talk about developments in the telecom sector.
 
He also claimed that Singh had given only a "template reply" to letter written to him by by former communications minister A. Raja of the DMK.
 
He was also asked what his understanding of the former PM's psychology was, considering that many revered him as an elder statesman.
 
Rai replied that "you cannot have the nation being subjugated to the state and the state being a coalition of political parties. The belief was that good politics makes good economics too. But does good politics mean just staying in power?"
 
Rai, who is writing a book on his days as head of Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) titled Not Just An Accountant, said his phone was tapped by the then UPA government and he felt Singh was part of the decisions to allocate 2G telecom spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
 
"...In 2G and coal there is no way he (Singh) can shirk responsibility. In 2G all the letters written by (then telecom Minister) A Raja were to him and he was replying to those letters. I got no reply to any letter I wrote to him," Rai told the channel."On one occasion when I called on him, the PM said I hope you don't expect a reply from me, whereas he was replying to Raja twice a day. So how can he be not held responsible for the onus of that decision?"
 
Recalling that Singh had on November 16, 2010 told him that the figure of Rs 1.76 lakh crore 2G loss was not the right way of computing, Rai said he had replied "'Sir, these are the econometric methods that you have taught us'. This was sitting on the stage of Vigyan Bhavan".
 Advertisements

Smart Portfolio Season 6: Fund managers ride Modi wave; rakes in gain of over 70%Jinsy Mathew |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:58 PM IST
Smart Portfolio Season 6: Fund managers ride Modi wave; rakes in gain of over 70%
Four of the six fund manangers beat the benchmark index which gained 46% during the period under review
When Smart Portfolio Season 6 started in September 2013, the Sensex was sub 20,000 levels and the Nifty was hovering around 5,900 levels. The fund managers started allocating the Rs 10 lakh corpus to model a benchmark beating portfolio, amidst the political and economic turbulence ahead of the much anticipated 2014 election.
At that point in time, the defensives in the form of FMCG, pharma and IT were the market favourites.  However, that was all to change when Narendra Modi was named as BJP's prime ministerial candidate for the 2014 Lok Sabha election.
The market which was enthused by a mere naming went to record multi highs on the benchmark indices post the Modi Government took seat at the national capital. And the three active fund managers made hay while the sun was shining bright.
During the last one year (September 11, 2013-2014), the benchmark index CNX 500 gained 46%.
Ankit Agarwal from Centrum Broking (portfolio gained 75.28%), Vinay Khattar of Edelweiss Financial Services (portfolio gained 74.14%), Sunil Jain of Nirmal Bang (portfolio gained 72.79%), and Sachin Shah of Emkay (portfolio gained 51.43%), actively built a portfolio which was centered largely around mid and smallcaps in anticipation of a broader market rally. And that lay a strong ground to the stellar gains visible in their respective portfolio.
Portfolio Check
Ankit Agarwal, Vice President - Fund Manager, Centrum Broking Ltd
Agarwal top picks were clearly marked out with a mix of Nifty scrips. He picked around a dozen stocks at multiple levels and averaged his buying price whenever an opportunity presented itself. So was the same, in his selling pattern, where he took care of never dumping a stock completely in one go. Among the frontliners, his conviction stocks include Tata Motors, ICICI Bank, L&T, TCS.
Ankit Agarwal

India s love affair with gold may be over as prices of yellow metal slideBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Sony Xperia C3: Good selfies  but not best selfiecameraThe Sony Xperia C3 is a good overall phone. While both the cameras are good, don’t buy this phone just for the clickers. Plus, this is a bit expensive for a phone with just 8GB storage and 1GB RAM.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:35 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 11:07 am
Of late all of Sony’s phones have been pushing for better camera quality. After the 4k on the flagship Xperia Z2, the new Sony Xperia C3 sports what the company calls the best selfie camera. But can a 5MP phone camera make a phone better equipped to shoot selfies? We took the C3 for a spin during the IFA in Berlin.
Quick Tech Specs: 5.5-inch IPS LCD 720 x 1280p display | Quad Core 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor | 1GB RAM | 8GB internal memory, microSD slot for 32GB  | 8MP rear camera, 5MP front | dual micro-SIM (GSM) | 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4 | 2500 mAH battery | Android Kitkat
Price: Rs 23,990
Design: The C3 follows the design language that is now becoming the trademark of Xperia devices. This one too has a super thin body with a metal frame running around it. The power, volume and camera buttons are on the right. However, the volume rocker seems a bit awkwardly placed, coming under the power buttons halfway down the phone. What makes this a selfie phone is the front flash. Also, this is not a waterproof phone, so the micro USB  is not under a flap. I had a green review unit, which was girly to say the least. Also, don’t forget to buy a good cover as the body seemed to attract a lot of dirt.
Display: The C3 has a HD display that is clear and sharp. However, I found some of the default fonts and notifications to be a bit too small to be read easily at first. You might need to adjust this to suit your requirements. The display can be bright enough to work in sunlight.
Performance: I had absolutely no issues using those C3 over a period of almost 10 days. Not once did the phone stall, not once did an app lag. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processors makes this a optimised performer, with everything running smoothly like a well oiled machine. Some people might find the 1GB RAM a bit low for a phone like this.
 
Camera: This is the part that is important for this phone, after all this is the USP Sony is trumpeting around. The rear camera is fast and snappy, but it is definitely not a stunner like the Z2. It can click some good pictures, but we did not see any stunner even with a great surrounding like Berlin. The Full HD video recording came in very handy though and I shot a lot of video of new devices at IFA using the same. However, it did get a bit laggy while panning video. The stills, meanwhile, have a tendency to appear sharper than needed.
But then it is the front camera that is different. Firstly, the phone does not shoot in 5MP by default. While the default shots are 3MP, with an aspect ratio of 16:9, you have to shift to 5MP when you need it. Here that aspect ratio is 4:3, which might not be all that great when you are shooting with a monument in the background. I tried lots of selfies and most of them came out good. The flash is of use when you are shooting with the sun behind you. There is smile recognition, but it does not always work. The double tap on the rear is another way to shoot a selfie, but I found that this ends up shaking the phone before the shot. A pre-burned selfie app would have been a great help in this phone. Yes, it clicks a better selfie, but we are not sure if it clicks the best.
Another small issue is that the pictures were saving in a small size. Most pictures I shot ended up being 30kb files, which is  strange for an 8MP camera.
Battery: The battery life is pretty good and can last more than 24 hours with average use.
Storage: The phone has just 8GB storage and you will need to invest in a SD card as soon as you buy the phone.
Verdict: The C3 is a good overall phone. While both the cameras are good, don’t buy this phone just for the clickers. Look at this if you need a complete phone with some sacrifices being made for good build quality and a brand everyone recognises. Plus, this is a bit expensive for a phone with just 8GB storage and 1GB RAM.

US woman charged for illegally sending tech drawings toIndiaPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:25 pm
A former woman defense contractor has been indicted by a US court for illegally exporting to India military blueprints and technical drawings of the parts used in some of the sensitive hardware like F-15s.
Currently under home detention pending trial, 49-year-old Hannah Robert of North Brunswick, New Jersey, has been charged in a superseding indictment with one count of violating the Arms Export Control Act, one count of conspiracy to violate the act and four counts of wire fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
According to court documents, Robert, founder, owner, and president of One Source USA LLC, used the computer of a local church to transfer technical drawings of military hardware parts. The exported technical drawings include parts used in the torpedo systems for nuclear submarines, attack helicopters and F-15 fighter aircraft, the Department of Justice said.
Robert owned One Source company in India along with one PR. She also owned Caldwell Components
She transmitted export-controlled technical data to one PR in India so that they could submit bids to foreigners, including those in the United Arab Emirates, to supply them or their foreign customers with defense hardware items and spare parts.
Neither Robert nor P.R. obtained approval from the US Department of State for this conduct, the Justice Department said.
If found guilty, Robert face a fine of USD 250,000 and imprisonment up to 20 years.

Coal block scam: Present all documents  court tells CBISep 12, 2014, 05.14 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Coal block scam: Present all documents, court tells CBI
The court further pointed out that the CBI’s story on filing of the closure report is not coherent and it needs to ascertain if procedures of law were followed in doing the same.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Coal block scam: Present all documents, court tells CBI
The court further pointed out that the CBI’s story on filing of the closure report is not coherent and it needs to ascertain if procedures of law were followed in doing the same.
Post your opinion here
 
The Delhi court has observed that various key documents are missing in the coal block allocation case and has directed the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to present all the documents before the court.
The court further pointed out that the CBI’s story on filing of the closure report is not coherent and it needs to ascertain if procedures of law were followed in doing the same.
Also read: Govt's 3-step strategy to avert coal crisis post SC verdict
The court further said that the central investigative agency expected the court to blindly accept its closure report, but it needs to get its houses in order now.
The CBI had on August 28 filed the closure report in the coal block allocation case in which it had earlier lodged an FIR against Hindalco head Kumar Mangalam Birla, former coal secretary PC Parakh and others in one of the coal blocks allocation scam cases.
The court will hear further arguments on September 22.
RELATED NEWS

Premier: Outcome of AGMSep 12, 2014, 01.18 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Premier: Outcome of AGM
Premier Ltd has informed BSE that the 68th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Premier: Outcome of AGM
Premier Ltd has informed BSE that the 68th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Premier Ltd has informed BSE that the 68th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 12, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Watch Live:  Blade Runner  Pistorius Guilty of Culpable Homicidewatch live:  blade runner  pistorius guilty of culpable homicide
Rupee Recovers By 2 Paise Against DollarRupee Recovers By 2 Paise Against Dollar
Europe shares stuck in range ahead of Fed  Scotland voteEurope shares stuck in range ahead of Fed  Scotland vote
Silver futures prices slide 0.42% on weak global trendSilver futures prices slide 0.42% on weak global trend
Govt plans to launch Rs 2 lakh crore worth of infra projects this year: Nitin GadkariGovt plans to launch Rs 2 lakh crore worth of infra projects this year: Nitin Gadkari
Board of Oracle Financial Services Software declares interim dividendBoard of Oracle Financial Services Software declares interim dividend
What s was the hurry to close Birla case Court grills CBIHi Guest
What's was the hurry to close Birla case? Court grills CBI
A special court on Friday asked the CBI as to what was the "hurry" in filing a closure report in the coal blocks allocation case in which it had earlier lodged an FIR against top industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla and others. "What was the hurry to close this case?" Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar asked the agency's investigating officer (IO). During the hearing, the IO told the court that original minutes of the screening committee meeting, in which Birla-owned Hindalco's application seeking ...

India firmly behind Modi s reforms  finds studyIndia firmly behind Modi s reforms  finds study
Fresnillo targets gold with Penmont dealSeptember 12, 2014 9:10 am
Fresnillo targets gold with move to buy Newmont share of Penmont
By James Wilson, Mining Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/90cc7dde-3a49-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Xiaomi Redmi 1S: Great expectations  almost deliveredBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Apple Inc is back  better than everBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Verdict Proceedings in Oscar Pistorius Murder TrialSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
Dow Jones Industrial Average
SATELLITE: Hurricane Odile Targets Mexico's Baja...
EXPLORE.ORG: Animal-Watch in Africa!
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

No shake-up of Indian smartphone market as iPhone 6 price too highBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Incentive scheme for Jan Dhan Yojana is underwayFinance Ministry framing incentive scheme for bankers to push Jan Dhan
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 19:14 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
In order to give a push to Jan Dhan scheme, the government is working out an attractive incentive scheme to encourage bankers to expeditiously meet account opening target.
"The Finance Ministry is preparing incentive scheme for bankers. It will be unveiled soon," sources said.
The government has already fixed minimum monthly renumeration of Rs 5,000 to business correspondents who provide the last link between the account holders and the bank.
The first phase of Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) is scheduled to be completed by January 26, 2015, as against original plan of August 15, 2015.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi launched this ambitious scheme of financial inclusion on August 28 and announced that 7.5 crore bank accounts would be opened during the first phase.
The main features of the PMJDY scheme include Rs 5,000 overdraft facility for Aadhar-linked accounts, RuPay Debit Card with inbuilt Rs 1 lakh accident insurance cover.
Besides, account holders under the scheme will get life insurance cover of Rs 30,000.
Yesterday, the Cabinet, headed by the Prime Minister, took stock of the Jan Dhan Yojana, under which banks have opened 3.02 crore accounts and mobilised about Rs 1,500 crore.
As of September 8, 2014, 3.02 crore accounts have been opened, of which 1.89 crore are in rural areas and 1.13 crore are in urban areas.
Banks have collected deposits of Rs 1,496.51 crore under the scheme so far, which works out to Rs 495 per account.
The new scheme, sources said, is a significant improvement over the UPA's financial inclusion programme.
The earlier scheme had no focus on households and no emphasis was given on urban financial inclusion, according to some experts. Besides, they maintained that there was a cumbersome Know Your Customer formality, restricting account opening.
Other deficiencies cited included lack of credit disbursement and 47 per cent of business correspondents being untraceable, resulting in inactive accounts.
The new scheme, sources said, has tried to address all the possible deficiencies and its monitoring would be done at state and district levels.
The 'mission mode' approach has been envisaged with the Finance Minister as head of the mission.

Foreign Degree: Most Affordable Countries to StudySBI PO Result 2014: Written Test Results Out
India has emerged as the least expensive foreign destination for university undergraduate students among a list of 15 countries, according to a survey by banking and financial services company HSBC.
However, the survey ranks India eighth in terms of quality in university education. The US tops the ranking in terms of quality in undergraduate education.
Among the fifteen countries surveyed by HSBC, Australia, Singapore and USA occupy the top three positions in the expenditure chart for overseas students, while India, Mexico and China are the least expensive.
According to the report, the average annual cost including university fees and living expenditure of an undergraduate international student in India is $5,642, of which $581 is university fees. This is far below the total expenditure for undergraduate students in Australia ($42,093), Singapore ($39,229) and USA ($36,564).
Source: HSBC
Another interesting finding of this survey shows that nearly 85 per cent of Indian parents would consider sending their child abroad for a better university education and believe that foreign education offers some key benefits to children.
According to the survey, Indian parents perceive that USA provides the highest quality of education and about 62 per cent of them ranked USA in their top three destinations for quality education.
The report titled 'The Value of Education: Springboard for Success', surveyed over 4,500 parents in 15 countries.
Sanjiv Sud, head of retail banking and wealth management, HSBC India said: "The HSBC survey reasserts the perception that the quality of education is better overseas. However, the fact remains that the costs of international education are substantially higher.
Story first published on: September 10, 2014 16:25 (IST)

Clinical trials: pharma firms  labs told to justify benefits for IndiaRegulator issues new parameters to protect rights of patients subjected to drug tests
New Delhi, September 11:  
Pharmaceutical companies, research labs and others looking to conduct clinical trials will now have to justify the research. India is seen as a cheap destination for clinical trials and companies often test products meant for overseas markets here.
A new order issued by the Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation makes it compulsory for these entities to prove why the research needs to be conducted in India.
Parameters set
The order has made it mandatory for them (companies/research labs) to furnish details on three new parameters while filing applications. They are: assessment of risks versus benefits to patients; details on innovation vis-à-vis existing therapeutic options; and details on unmet medical needs in the country.
In 2013. only 17 applications for global clinical trials received approval in India, against 55 in 2012. The number has been falling following controversies.
The new requirements come almost a year after the Supreme Court passed an order, in October 2013, asking the Government to assess clinical trial applications on these parameters.
The parameters have been set to protect the rights of Indian patients, said Suresh Menon, executive committee member of the Indian Society for Clinical Research, speaking to BusinessLine. “In practice, these parameters are being looked at for about a year now, but now sponsors will have to justify their applications at the onset,” he said.
While the first two requirements — on risk assessment and innovation — are factors that every trial should take into consideration, even if not required by law, the last one — furnishing details on how they will address unmet medical needs — could be a challenge.
“This could be a grey zone, which remains open to interpretation,” said Menon.
Dhananjay Bakhle, Executive Vice-President (Medical Research), Lupin, said the assessment on these parameters needs to be done by the Government itself as the companies are interested parties.
“What the Supreme Court had told the Government was that each application should be assessed for these three parameters. These were guidelines given to the Government, why are they being passed on to the industry?” he asked. The order needs to clarify whether details need to be furnished for all trials (existing as well as new chemical entities) or just for new drugs, he added.
“This will create further confusion in the industry and could disincentivise companies from conducting clinical trials in India. We need clarity,” he said.
Protecting patients
Amit Sengupta, Associate Coordinator, People’s Health Movement, said the move would protect the rights of those subjected to clinical trials. “In many trials done in India by foreign companies, the benefits to Indian patients were not very clear. This should bring that to the fore.”
However, Sengupta said clarity is needed on whether generic drugs and existing drug molecules would be exempted from these parameters as they do not fulfil “unmet medical needs” and could face hurdle.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Spectre of default looms over VenezuelaSeptember 11, 2014 5:35 pm
Spectre of default looms over Venezuela despite oil reserves
By Andres Schipani in Bogotá and John Paul Rathbone in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/279da4e8-39b1-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hertz strikes board deal with Carl IcahnSeptember 11, 2014 11:58 pm
Hertz strikes board deal with Carl Icahn
By Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7d43080c-39f2-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Had Manmohan Singh stood by his beliefs  fate of Indian economy would have been very different: Vinod RaiBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Samsung s Galaxy Alpha & Note 4 to take on iPhone 6 | Android One to help Facebook» MORE FROM VIDEOS
BREAKING NEWS
Samsung to launch two premium devices, Galaxy Alpha and Galaxy Note 4, to take on Apple iPhone 6
By ET Bureau | 12 Sep, 2014, 10.44AM IST
Galaxy Alpha, has a partial metallic body, 4.7-inch screen & a top-of-the-line processor. It’s the company’s bet against iPhone 6 in premium segment.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
BANGALORE: South Korean phonemaker Samsung, which has been losing market share to rivals in India, is gearing up to launch two premium devices — the Galaxy Alpha and Galaxy Note 4 — to take on the new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. The company has started talking to distributors and retailers to launch these devices in time for Diwali, ahead of the launch of the Apple devices in October.
Unlike previous Samsung phones that were clad in a plastic body, these will be the first Samsung phones with an external metal casing, something that iPhones have had for long. Priced a little over Rs 40,000 a piece, the Galaxy Alpha is expected to be cheaper than the new iPhone 6 but will have better features, an offline distributor briefed on Samsung's plans said.
The Galaxy Alpha, showcased by Samsung last month, has a partial metallic body, 4.7-inch screen and a top-of-the-line processor. It's the company's bet against iPhone 6 in the premium segment.
Samsung also announced the allnew Galaxy Note 4 with a 5.7-inch screen at IFA, the consumer electronics show in Berlin earlier this month. While Samsung has had big screen phones for a long time, the iPhone 6 Plus would be Apple's first such big device.
Apple's iPhones have traditionally been smaller in size. In 2010, when Apple was selling the iPhone 4, its iconic founder Steve Jobs had mocked rivals making big phones by saying that people won't buy phones if they couldn't even wrap their hands around them. Tim Cook , who took over Apple after Jobs' untimely death three years ago, has positioned the new iPhone 6 devices as phones that are "bigger than bigger".
Samsung didn't pass over the opportunity to take a dig at Apple. The South Korean company tweeted on Wednesday: "Big improvements and innovation come with change — even they thought so."
Samsung also released a graphic which actually quoted Steve Jobs: "No one is going to buy a big phone." It went on to add, "Guess who surprised themselves and changed their minds." With nearly 28 per cent market share, Samsung is the largest selling smartphone brand in the country followed by homegrown Micromax.
However, in the premium segment, it faces stiff competition from Apple's iPhone.

Indian industry data to signal stuttering economic revivalBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

In their second innings  CEOs rode the stock market boomDev Chatterjee |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 11:03 PM IST
CEOs rode market boom in second innings
Under second-term chiefs, market capitalisation grew faster, companies beat benchmark Nifty
Riding on a stock market boom since 2009, India Inc’s chief executives have been able to salvage a lot of lost pride in their second innings.
This may augur well for N Chandrasekaran and Chanda Kochhar who have recently started their second terms as managing director and chief executive of Tata Consultancy Services and ICICI Bank, respectively.
An analysis of the Nifty 50 firms shows there are 10 companies where CEOs served more than one consecutive term in the past decade, and in nine of these the market capitalisation grew at a faster pace in the CEOs' second term.
These companies also outperformed the National Stock Exchange’s benchmark index during their leaders’ second term. Between 2003-04 and 2008-09, the Nifty grew at a compounded annual rate of 10.7 per cent. In the next five years, the rate increased to 17.8 per cent.
External factors played a critical role in stock performance as global and Indian stock markets recovered after the Lehman crisis. This is evident from the fact that shares of Nifty companies  where the CEOs were changed also witnessed a similar trend of rising market capitalisation since 2008-09.
The Reliance Industries stock was the only one that failed to keep pace with the Nifty since April 2009,  mainly due to a slowdown in production of gas from the Krishna-Godavari basin and a subdued industrial environment leading to slower growth in net income and static revenues.
“It is rare that a CEO is changed when the company is doing well. Any change at the top is unwarranted when the going is good," said Nishchae Suri, partner and country head (people and change) at audit and consultancy firm KPMG. "There are many external factors that determine a company's good showing, or otherwise. But leadership is an important factor," he added.
The nine companies are: Hero MotoCorp, ITC, Grasim, Kotak Mahindra Bank, Dr Reddy's Lab, Hindalco, Sun Pharma, Mahindra & Mahindra, and HDFC Bank. These companies' strong showing on the stock market during their CEOs' second terms between April 1, 2009, and March 31, 2014, was in spite of their revenues and net incomes growing at slower rates.
The revenues and net income of these 10 companies slowed down since 2008-09 following the global economic slowdown and the policy paralysis in the country during the United Progressive Alliance government. Hindalco saw the slowest growth in revenues between 2008-09 and 2013-14 as the company was ramping up production by setting up new plants. Its net income growth was, however, the best among all the 10 companies (see chart).
"The sentiment has improved considerably. We are optimistic about Novelis as we ramp up recycling operations further and car sales pick up in North America," said Hindalco's managing director and chief executive D Bhattacharya.
The net income of another Aditya Birla group company, Grasim, fell by 1.1 per cent between 2008-09 and 2013-14 as revenue growth slowed down to 9.9 per cent from 27.3 per cent. ITC under its chairman Y C Deveshwar recorded stable growth in earnings from its cigarette business and helped deliver good shareholder returns.
"The market prefers continuity in leadership if a company is able to sustain the growth momentum despite economic headwind," said Hemendra Aran, CEO and founder of Aranca, a global analytics and research firm. The stocks which performed the best among the 10 companies are: Kotak Mahindra Bank, Mahindra & Mahindra, Dr Reddy's and Sun Pharma, with almost 40 per cent growth in market value since 2009. While Kotak Mahindra Bank has done well due to its increased focus on retail banking and good quality assets, Mahindra & Mahindra's stock performance is led by the strong showing of its utility vehicles and tractor businesses.
Experts said CEOs tended to improve the performance curve in their second term as they were armed with a better understanding of their companies, their value chain, stakeholders and risk appetite.
"Research has also shown that the intensity with which a company monitors its CEO declines as the executive's tenure progresses. This intricate understanding helps the board and the CEO contextualise past experience, assess the present and envision the future better. They are, therefore, able to pursue high-yield strategies and push their companies to improved avenues of growth," said Abhay Gupte, senior director at Deloitte in India.
 Advertisements

GSFC rallies 40% in 2 days; more steam leftYou are here: Home > Collections
GSFC rallies 40% in two days; more steam left, say brokers
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 11.28AM IST
Tags:
Balwindar Singh
(The brokerage expects GSFC’s…)
MUMBAI: Fertiliser company Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals (GSFC) has surged nearly 40 per cent in just two sessions after the company held analysts meet.
According to analysts, some big investors have bought the stock after the meet. The stock has been available at discount to peers and hence some more upside can be expected in the stock.
"We expect GSFC's valuations to catch up with other fertiliser peers. Given that valuations remain attractive as well as the fact that stock has underperformed in the current rally, we anticipate the valuation discount to narrow," said Prabhudas Lilladher report.
According to the brokerage, the company is likely to benefit from its fertiliser business. The company hiked MRPs by 10-15 per cent from Apr 2014 in anticipation of a gas price hike.
"GSFC's fertiliser MRPs is still lower when compared to peers/ IPP linked prices, giving room for further price hikes. GSFC expects fertiliser business to deliver stable margins of Rs2,500/mt. Stable FX and lower discounts this year bode well for fertiliser margins," said Balwindar Singh of Prabhudas Lilladher.
The brokerage expects GSFC's EPS to be Rs 12.8/14.4 in FY15E/16E respectively. It has raised the stock's target price to Rs 115 from Rs 90 earlier.
At 11:00 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 98.50, up 10.80 per cent. It rallied 17 per cent intraday to touch 52-week high of Rs 104.
It has surged 40 per cent in last two sessions to Rs 104 from closing price of Rs 74.10 on September 10.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Rangebound Ahead of Inflation  IIP Data; Midcaps OutshineYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Flat; Midcap, Smallcap Stocks Outshine
NDTV | Updated On: September 12, 2014 11:26 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled today as investors remained cautious ahead of inflation and factory output data to be released later in the day.
Mixed global markets and a volatility in the rupee also weighed on sentiment.
However, midcap and smallcap stocks continued to outperform the frontline stocks. The BSE midcap and smallcap indices were up nearly 0.2 per cent.
Market analyst Rajat K Bose said though fundamentals of the economy are yet to catch up with the markets, positive sentiment is keeping the market supported. Higher participation from domestic investors is giving momentum to midcap and smallcap stocks, he adds.
Nifty faces resistance at the 8,126-8,143 zone and decisive close below 8,045 could lead to a deeper correction, he says.
Among major Nifty losers, Sun Pharma fell 2.7 per cent after its Taro unit recalled two lots of a key drug on September 2, citing failed content uniformity specifications, according to the US FDA.
Among gainers, Cipla, Bharti, Lupin and Asian Paints gained over 1 per cent.
Elsewhere, in other global markets, Asian shares traded mixed after a muted close on the Wall Street. Overnight, US stocks recovered from early losses, with the S&P 500 managing a slight gain.
The Sensex was up 16 points at 27,012 while Nifty was flat at 8,084. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 11:26 (IST)

Home ministry nod may be needed for new telc...You are here: Home > Collections > Ministry
Home ministry nod may be needed for new telco licenses
Gulveen Aulakh, ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 11.53AM IST
Tags:
cabinet secretariat
(“If any adverse comes…)
NEW DELHI: Security division of the ministry of home affairs has proposed that the telecom department must seek security clearance from the ministry before granting any telecom license to service providers, as telecom has become critical infrastructure and the leading means of communication in the country.
According to an internal note from the telecom department, which was part of a meeting held late last month, the home ministry (MHA) has proposed creating a provision of security clearance of an applicant company and 'character and antecedent verification' of its directors and promoters before any kind of license is issued.
At present, the telecom department gives out licenses to offer mobile telephony services among others and security agencies are consulted just before commencement of services or when foreign direct investment in a company exceeds 49%.
Indian security agencies - Intelligence Bureau (IB) and Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) - flagged the issue that no character or antecedent verification of directors of the company or a background check of the applicant firm is carried out while granting a telecom license.
"If any adverse comes to the notice of security agencies, it becomes difficult to revoke the license, lest it may create legal complications," security agencies said.
So, the MHA has further proposed that terms and conditions of the license for telecom service providers should be modified to include a provision that licenses can be revoked if the security clearance is subsequently withdrawn. A draft of the revised license including the changed terms and conditions should be shared with MHA for vetting before finalization.
Once granted, the security clearance would be valid till the validity of the license period. A fresh clearance would have to be sought if a change happens in the board of directors or shareholding pattern changes in excess of 10%.
IB and Cabinet Secretariat (which governs RAW ) will ensure that comments on proposals are given within two months such that MHA can grant security clearance and no delay happens from the telecom department's end to grant a letter of intent before issuing the license.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hope to become debt-free  grow 10% by FY15-end: Rico AutoOur effort is to grow both our domestic market as well as the export market and we have been very successful with that and with very good customers that we have
Arvind Kapur
CMD
Rico Auto
Rico Auto  expects over 10 percent growth in FY15. According to CMD Arvind Kapur, the auto industry will have a double digit growth this year though the car segment may grow only on the higher side of single digit.
The auto component maker’s current utilisation is around 55 percent and expects improvement going ahead on the back of high growth, says Kapur from the sidelines of SIAM Convention.
The company has a long-term debt of around Rs 150 crore and short-term debt of around Rs 175 crore. “We expect to become debt-free by year-end and are looking at all the possibilities to pare debt,” Kapur says in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
Rico Auto expects exports to contribute around 23-24 percent to revenue this year from 20 percent in the previous year. 
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: We have seen a big pick up in car sales over the last three months. Since your company manufactures auto components, what can be the expected growth in FY15 on a blended basis according to you?
A: We expect about 10 percent or more than 10 percent this year as far as the component industry is concerned but if you look at the auto industry in particular -- the two-wheeler industry in any case we would probably have a double digit growth but the car industry would be in the region of close to higher single digit or around 10 percent.
Q: How much can margins improve from hereon?
A: The margins are related to the utilisation of capacities that we have already created. Since this utilisation has come down drastically, now with the improvements that are taking place in the market situation obviously the bottomline also improves. So we are expecting a lot of improvement to take place there.
Q: You spoke about increase in utilisation, what does your utilisation currently stand at and what is the scope to improve it?
A: We were having at about 55 percent capacity only and now from 55 percent, we grow by 15 percent or 10 percent so that will help us utilise the capacities. Fortunately, we have enough capacities for the future as well whenever the auto industry expands and they already have a 30 percent surplus of capacity as far as the carmakers are concerned. The motorcycle makers are concerned.
We are fairly comfortable as far as those capacities that would be required then.
Q: What is the current debt situation on your books and what are your plans on that front?
A: If you look at the long-term debt, it is about Rs 150 crore and if you look at the short-term, it is about another Rs 175 crore. By the end of the year, we should become debt-free company.
Q: What are the various options before the company in terms of possible fund raising, will it be fund raising internal generation or maybe paring of non-core assets?
A: We are looking at various possibilities and in the next 10-15 days, we will come out with a statement.
Q: How have the subsidiaries perform for you? Rico Auto USA and UK and if you could tell us what would be the expected growth rate in FY15?
A: Those are 100 percent subsidiaries and they manage the warehousing and the logistics because we like to retain the ownership of our goods when they leave India rather than pass it on to another agent where we have no control over the goods, we had to create this subsidy.
Whatever our exports are to the US and to Europe, we route them through either the US subsidiary or through the subsidiary in UK and we would be further expanding our warehouse capability and capacity in Germany as well.
Q: What is the contribution of exports to your revenues currently and what is the expected growth rate that we can expect in the exports business?
A: Last year we were about 20 percent and this year, we should be close to about 23-24 percent if not 25 percent. Our effort is to grow both our domestic market as well as the export market and we have been very successful with that and with very good customers that we have.
Rico Auto stock price
On September 15, 2014, Rico Auto closed at Rs 32.25, up Rs 2.90, or 9.88 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 32.25 and the 52-week low was Rs 5.46.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.35 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 92.14. The latest book value of the company is Rs 23.93 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.35.
RELATED NEWS

Asia Stocks Muted; Tokyo Edges up on Yen SlumpPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Kamal Nath on Rai s 2G claims: Things would have been different had Manmohan actedKamal Nath adds credit to Vinod Rai's 2G claims; says things would have been different had PM Manmohan Singh acted
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 12.34PM IST
Tags:
2G case
("I cautioned the Prime Minister.…)
NEW DELHI: Adding political fire to former CAG claims in the 2G case , Kamal Nath on Friday affirmed Vinod Rai's statement that the Congress leader had cautioned Dr Manmohan Singh against 2G allocations.
"I wrote to the Prime Minister and I spoke to him. I wrote to him saying that there are certain matters of concern and that a committee should be appointed. I do not remember exactly what I wrote, but I did write to him," Nath told Times Now.
Asked if matters would have been different for the Congress had the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh acted on the advice, Nath said, "I cautioned the Prime Minister. I suggested a committee because I was concerned from what I was hearing and learning. I was assimilating that things were getting derailed. I am sure that if he (Manmohan Singh) had acted differently, may be things would have been different."
Rai, whose book "Not Just An Accountant" is set for release in the next few days, has claimed that Dr Singh was alerted by his senior cabinet minister Kamal Nath about the brewing 2G scam.
Rai has also made allegations that he was approached by three Congress MPs - former Law minister Ashwani Kumar who had to resign for allegedly pressuring the CBI to dilute PMO's role in the Coalgate scam, Sanjay Nirupam and Sandeep Dikshit - to drop the name of the Prime Minister from the CAG report on 2G spectrum allocation.
Commenting on the same Nath said, "I do not know whether they (Congress MPs) did so or no. I think they need to respond to this not me. I doubt that they would ask reports to be fudged."
Nath hit out at Rai for making claims related to the various scams saying, "This is now a dead horse. It is a thing of the past." "It is very easy to be smart and knowledgeable in retrospect," Nath added.
Startling allegations from former CAG in the 2G scam have stirred a political fight, with Congress leaders threatening to take Vinod Rai to court. In an interview to Times Now, Vinod Rai has said that records indicated that the then telecom minister A Raja had kept prime minister Manmohan Singh in the loop on the course of action he planned to pursue in allocating 2G spectrum and that the PM's reluctance to chart a different course could be construed as "dereliction of duty".
Latching on to Rai's claims, BJP demanded answers on who was pulling the strings in the UPA government. Sambit Patra of BJP said, "Ex-CAG Vinod Rai's claims prove that Dr Manmohan Singh was just a puppet. People want to know who was the puppeteer?" "Did the 2Gs of Congress -Sonia Gandhi & Rahul Gandhi - stop Manmohan Singh from taking action?" Patra asked.
(With inputs from PTI)

Maruti Suzuki to roll out LCV project on a l...You are here: Home > Collections
Maruti Suzuki to roll out LCV project on a limited scale
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 12.15PM IST
Tags:
LCV
(Maruti Suzuki plans to launch…)
NEW DELHI: Country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India plans to roll out its light commercial vehicles (LCV) project on a limited scale, a top company executive said today.
"We will begin the LCV project on a very limited scale and take the initiative forward by understanding the marketing and sales experience. We will slowly roll it out as we do not want to rush into it. The commercial vehicle sector is a new sector for us," Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) Chairman R C Bhargava said on the sidelines of SIAM Annual Convention.
Last month, in an interview to PTI, he had said Maruti plans to launch one ton LCV, which is in the same segment as Tata Ace and Mahindra Gio and Ashok Leyland's Dost, by next year.
MSI will have a separate sales and service network for the LCV.
"We are in the process of setting up sales and distribution network for LCV because you cannot sell LCVs and cars from the same outlets. The customers are different, facilities required are different," he had said.
When asked what kind of growth he expects this year, Bhargava said: "I expect that our company will continue to grow in double digits this year."
Bhargava also remained bullish about festive season sales. He said: "Normally we see an improvement 20-25 per cent in sales during the festive season so we expect that the trend will continue this year also."
He also expressed satisfaction on the functioning of the Modi government.
"I think the government has made a very good beginning, but this is totally unrealistic (to expect a quick revival), as the economy had really gone into such a decline over a period of time and so many ills had crept into the entire system...lack of governance, lack of implementation...so it will take much longer than 2-3 months to bring about a change," he said.
When asked about the discounting trend followed by the industry to push sales, he said: "While we are growing at double digits, rest of industry is not growing so well. And there are many companies which are not growing at all. if there is discounting being done by some companies then other have to follow suit."
On its upcoming model Ciaz in mid-sized sedan segment, Bhargava said: "We hope this car will do better than what we have achieved in the past."
When asked if the company has set a voting date to get nod from its minority shareholders' to let parent Suzuki Motor Corp own and invest in its Gujarat facility, he said: "We have not yet determined the date of voting."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Retail investors back with a bang! 10 stocks MFs putting big bets onYou are here: Home > Collections
Retail investors back with a bang! top ten stocks where MFs are betting big money
Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 01.35PM IST
Tags:
Canara HSBC OBC Life Insurance
(Experts believe that domestic…)
NEW DELHI: After shying away from equities for almost five years, retail investors are finally coming back to the markets via the mutual fund route.
Domestic mutual funds created history in the month of August by investing more money in equity markets compared to foreign institutional investors (FIIs) - the first occasion where they have bought more than FIIs since August last year.
Domestic funds have deployed nearly $1.14 billion (nearly Rs 6,900 crore) in August this year against $1.05 billion (nearly Rs 6,300 crore) invested by the FIIs, ET reported.
Experts believe that domestic mutual funds will be dominant buyers in the medium term till clarity emerges on the way interest rates are going to head in the US.
Mutual funds' investment in equities was 30 per cent of FII investment in equities during June this year. It reached 44 per cent in July and during August, it reached 108 per cent of the FII investment, added the report.
"Flows remain positive for the insurance industry as well as the mutual fund industry. In fact, in the last month, for the first time domestic institutional investors surpassed foreign institutional investors in the buying at Rs 5,000 crore," said Ritu Gangrade Arora , CIO, Canara HSBC OBC Life Insurance Co Ltd.
"We do see this momentum sustaining, along with the flows in our company. This is retail money coming back in the market with full confidence," added Arora.
It was the fourth straight month of inflows for equity funds. Equity mutual fund assets soared 6.01 per cent to Rs 2.67 trillion in August, steered by both inflows and mark-to-market (MTM) gains.
With the rally in equities stoking interest, the category clocked inflows for the fourth straight month at Rs 53.64 billion, said a CRISIL report. To be sure, that's lesser than the Rs 108.45 bn seen in July, but consolidated inflows since the beginning of 2014 now stand at Rs 242.98 billion, added the report.
"The return of retail investors has happened after a very long time. So for the last five years, domestic investors have been shying away from equities and investments have gone into other asset classes," said Navneet Munot, CIO, SBI Mutual Funds Management Pvt. Ltd.
"This is just the beginning. Household savings, the percentage that has gone into equities in the last couple of years, have gone down to very low levels, and we have a very long way to go," he said, adding that "I am sure that domestic participation is likely to increase over a period of time."
We have collated a list of ten stocks which are hot on the radar of the top five mutual funds:
FEATURED ARTICLES

Surplus cash of PSUs may be used to revive s...Surplus cash of PSUs may be used to revive sick units
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 01.01PM IST
Tags:
Anant Geete
(There are 70 sick PSUs and…)
NEW DELHI: Surplus cash of state-owned enterprises including those of Maharatnas and Navratnas lying idle in banks may be used to nurse ailing PSUs that can be revived back to health, the government said today.
The government has constituted a committee headed by NTPC Chairman Arup Roy Choudhury to study the proposal and submit a report in two months time.
The committee will examine the possibility of formation of a joint venture company funded by seed equity from Maharatna and other cash-rich central public sector enterprises (CPSEs) to administer and manage sick state-run enterprises that can be revived.
"All the Maharatnas and Navratnas combined have a (cash) surplus of around Rs 2 lakh crore which is lying idle in banks. We have given them a proposal to form a joint venture company which has equal equity share of all these cash rich companies.
There are 70 sick PSUs and 43 out of these can be revived, the Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Minister Anant Geete said on the sidelines of the SIAM conference here.
"The new company formed will review and decide which sick PSUs can be revived. We want to give it entire responsibility to take over (revival of sick PSUs). There will be complete transparency in the process and the surplus money lying idle will certainly be used to revive sick PSUs," Geete added.
Besides examining the feasibility of setting up of a separate company to nurse ailing PSUs back to health, the terms of reference of the Committee include identifying sources from which funds may be raised for the proposed entity as equity capital; and to recommend organisational structure of the proposed entity and its interface with the Ministries.
Geete also said the government proposes to launch the National Electric Mobility Mission Plan (NEMMP) for electric vehicles from Delhi, and a decision in this regard will be taken in a month's time.
"Commuters will benefit as our aim is to run public transport on battery-operated electric vehicles. It will help maintain environmental balance. Delhi is considered the most polluted city in the entire country. We want to remove Delhi from that list, this is why we are starting the Plan from Delhi," the Minister said.
The Mission Plan projects a potential for sales of 6-7 million Electric Vehicles (EVs), along with resultant fuel savings of 2.2-2.5 million tonnes that can be achieved by 2020.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brent crude above $98; weak demand persistsBrent crude above $98; weak demand outweighs geopolitical worries
Reuters Sep 12, 2014, 12.55PM IST
Tags:
Brent crude
(The October contract fell…)
SINGAPORE: Brent crude held above $98 a barrel on Friday, heading for its worst week in six as concerns over weak demand outweighed geopolitical worries in the Middle East and Ukraine.
Weaker oil demand in China and Europe had caused growth in global oil demand to soften at a remarkable pace, the International Energy Agency said in its monthly report released on Thursday.
The West's energy watchdog cut its demand growth projections by 150,000 barrels per day (bpd) to 900,000 bpd for 2014 and by 100,000 bpd to 1.2 million bpd in 2015.
Brent is down 3 per cent for the week so far, headed for its biggest weekly loss since the week to Aug. 1. The October contract had fallen a cent to $98.07 by 0647 GMT after a 4-cent gain in the previous session snapped a 5-day losing streak.
US crude gained 32 cents to $93.15 a barrel after closing up $1.16 on Thursday.
"I believe Brent is oversold which should warrant buy-back. I'm a little bullish on oil and it could bounce back to $100 next week," said Tetsu Emori, a commodity fund manager at Tokyo's Astmax Co Ltd.
"Investors are discounting the geopolitical risks in the market, but we see such risks."
Brent bounced from a 2-year low on Thursday after Russia warned the US that air strikes in Syria against Islamist militants would be an act of aggression without a U.N. security mandate. This raised the spectre of a new confrontation between Moscow and the West.
"I would like to see more risk premium priced in but the market doesn't want to," said Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at CMC Markets in Sydney.
"There are still a lot of potential concerns, but the market seems relaxed by it all."
Geopolitical worries included Russia, which is facing fresh sanctions from the European Union and the US over the Ukraine crisis, McCarthy said.
The EU implemented tougher sanctions against Russia on Friday, which targeted some state-owned companies and individuals, although they could be removed if Moscow abides by a ceasefire between Kiev and pro-Russian separatists. However, Russia called the new measures anti-peace.
The United States will also release details later on Friday of its own new sanctions against Russia which are expected to target Sberbank, Russia's largest bank, and further limit Russian banks' access to US capital.
Investors are waiting for US retail sales data on Friday to indicate how well the world's largest economy is performing, Emori said.
This will be followed by industrial and retail sales figures from China on Saturday, which will show whether the world's second largest economy is picking up steam.
The market is also keeping an eye on Iran which faces a "difficult road" to reach an agreement with six world powers over Tehran's nuclear programme by a late November deadline, a senior Iranian negotiator said on Thursday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Halappanavar death: Irish medical team disciplinedComments
Nine members of the Irish medical team that treated Indian dentist Savita Halappanavar who died after being refused an abortion have been disciplined.
Although an independent review panel found most of those who treated Savita at the University Hospital in Galway had “no case to answer”, written warnings and other sanctions were imposed against a number of workers, the Irish Independent reported.
The hospital authorities said: “The disciplinary process in respect of most of the other nine staff is now complete.
However no staff members were dismissed or suspended.
Savita was 17 weeks pregnant when she was admitted to University Hospital Galway on October 21 2012 and died a week later of multi-organ failure from blood poisoning after she miscarried her baby.
She was denied an abortion as Ireland is a Catholic country. Her death sparked off an outrage which led to changes in that country's abortion laws.
Her husband Praveen Halappanavar still intends to take a civil action against Ireland's Health Service Executive and Savita's obstetrician, Katherine Astbury, reports said.

Wipro ties up with Adobe for integrated marketing  commerce solutionsWipro ties up with Adobe for integrated marketing, commerce solutions
Our Bureau
Bangalore, Sept 12:  
Wipro has tied up with Adobe to provide integrated marketing, commerce, analytics and customer experience solutions.
These solutions help businesses better understand and win customers, increase their share of wallet and differentiate through targeted, relevant and consistent conversations across multiple devices and channels, a statement from Wipro said.
“This partnership will help us jointly deliver next generation digital marketing solutions and enhance Wipro’s leadership in helping enterprises build rich customer experiences, enable customer insights, and bring products and services to the market faster,” said TK Kurien, Chief Executive Officer and Member of the Board, Wipro.
This is the first announcement coming from the newly formed Wipro Digital, a business unit that will get deals in the ‘Digital Transformation’ space from global corporates, Wipro executives added.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Hero MotoCorp to start Gujarat plant construction soonHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hero MotoCorp to start Gujarat plant construction soon
S Ronendra Singh
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 12:  
The country's largest two-wheeler manufacturer Hero MotoCorp on Friday said the company will start construction of its new plant in Gujarat soon and will start production from third quarter next year.
The company has earlier announced to spend Rs 1,200 crore for this plant.
"We are starting the construction very soon and production will start by third quarter of next year," Pawan Munjal, Vice-Chairman and Managing Director, Hero MotoCorp, told reporters here.
12 new versions
Speaking on the sidelines of the annual convention of the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers, Munjal said the company is also launching 12 new refreshes of products for the festive season this year.
"We have already started sending some products to the market and rest will be coming in the next few days."
The models include refresh versions of its existing scooters and motorcycles in the 100cc, 125cc and 150cc segments, he said.
The company also expects to sell better than last year during the festive season this year. It sold more than six-lakh units last year during the 40 days of festive season, he added
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Production from Honda s fourth plant likely to be delayedHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Production from Honda's fourth plant likely to be delayed
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 12:  
Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) today said the operationalisation of its fourth plant in Gujarat will be delayed by about a quarter and will start production in the beginning of 2016.
“Due to the elections earlier this year, there has been a delay in the start of work at the Gujarat plant. We expect to start production at the plant in the first quarter of 2016 instead of last quarter of 2015 as planned earlier,” HMSI Keita Muramatsu told PTI here on the sidelines of SIAM annual convention.
The company is investing Rs 1,000 crore to set up the plant that will have an annual capacity of 1.2 million units.
It has started ground levelling work at the plant now, he added.
“This will be mainly for scooter and once the plant comes into operations, it will give us the flexibility at the three other plants to adjust motorcycle production to meet demand,” he said.
The company will have a total annual production capacity of 5.8 million when the fourth plant at Gujarat goes on full steam.
The company currently has three plants at Manesar (Haryana), Tapukara (Rajasthan) and Narsapura (Karnataka).
Ahead of the festive season, HMSI has also increased the production of its scooters.
It is currently producing over 15,000 units a day, which is 20 per cent more than what it had produced in the past, with the commencement of third line at its Karnataka plant.
While he declined to share a detailed product launch plan, Muramatsu said the company will launch the CBR650 motorcycle next year that will be positioned as one of the its flagship bike brands in India.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Sensex trading marginally in the red; inflation data eyedHealthcare, consumer durables stocks help Sensex gain 65 points
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session marginally in the green amid mixed European cues. Investors remained cautious ahead of CPI inflation data due to be released today.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex was up 65.17 points at 27,061.04 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty was up 19.8 points at 8,105.50.
Among BSE sectoral indices, healthcare, consumer durables and auto indices were the star-performers and were up 0.74 per cent, 0.72 per cent and 0.64 per cent, respectively. On the other hand, power index fell the most by 1.29 per cent, followed by capital goods 0.81 per cent, realty 0.36 per cent and metal 0.21 per cent.
Cipla, Maruti, Bharti Airtel, ITC and SSLT were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were Hindalco, Sun Pharma, Tata Power, NTPC and L&T.
European shares inched higher early on Friday but remained in a tight range, as investors refrained from taking strong bets on indexes ahead of Scotland's referendum and the US Federal Reserve's policy meeting next week.
Investors awaited a meeting of euro-area finance ministers and data on US retail sales and consumer sentiment for clues about the outlook for stimulus and interest rates.
With just a week to go before Scots vote in a referendum on independence, a YouGov poll for The Times and Sun newspapers showed on Friday Scottish support for the union at 52 per cent versus support for independence at 48 per cent, excluding those who said they did not know how they would vote
Asian shares outside Japan fell as investors fretted that even the hint of a shift in Fed policy might spark a withdrawal of funds from emerging markets. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.3 per cent at one-month lows.
While there was little in the way of major data due in Asia, figures on US retail sales due later Friday could fuel speculation over US rates. Economists expect a solid rebound of 0.6 percent in August, up from a disappointingly flat reading in July and fuelled by a boom in auto sales.
A strong result would only add to speculation the Fed might refine, or even drop, its commitment to keeping rates low for a "considerable time" after its asset purchase programme ends.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Maruti Suzuki to roll out LCV project on a limited scaleBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Oil back above $98 | Market @ 1: top 20 stock bets for today; Marksans Pharma rallies 13%You are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Markets rangebound; Nifty near 8,100; top 20 trading ideas
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 03.10PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared early morning gains and was trading in a range on Friday, led by gains in ITC, TCS, HDFC, Bharti Airtel and Cipla.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a narrow band but below its crucial psychological level of 8100.
At 3:08 pm, the Sensex was at 27,059.84; up 63.97 points.
The broader Nifty was at 8,103.45; up 17.75 points.
Market highlights @ 3
- Exide & Gabriel India stocks are certainly looking good: Prakash Gaba
- Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals rallies 40% in 2 days
- JP Associates under pressure after Goldman Sachs downgrades stock to 'neutral'
- Caution prevails on Dalal Street; select mid-caps continue to buzz
Market highlights @ 2
- Block Deal: 10 lakh Idea Cellular shares traded at Rs 172.30/share
- Govt, says Indirect tax collections in Apr- Aug at Rs 1.94 lakh crore, up 4.6% YoY
- Fin Min Sources, say public sectur banks need Rs 2.4 lakh crore over next 4-5 years for recapitalisation: ET Now
- Govt, says April-August service tax collections increase 15.1% YoY
Market highlights @ 1
- OFSS board declares Rs 485 per share dividend stock at Rs 4008.95, up 8.49%
- Marksans Pharma at day's high of Rs 67.75, stock up, 12.6%
- August CPI seen at 7.9%; July IIP at 1.9%: ET Now Poll
- Snowman makes a spectacular debut; lists at 68% premium
- Adani Enterprises bounces off 20-DMA, stock down 0.5%
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Maruti Suzuki Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3000 and a stop loss of Rs 2930
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 182 and a stop loss of Rs 167
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 192
Asian Paints Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 695 and a stop loss of Rs 660
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 167
Jai Corp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 118 and a stop loss of Rs 104.90
IOC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 402.50
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2686
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Exide Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 180 and a stop loss of Rs 165
Hindalco Industries Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 158 and a stop loss of Rs 173
Biocon Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 473 and a stop loss of Rs 494
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Asian Paints Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 682 and a stop loss of Rs 656
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 180 and a stop loss of Rs 165
Gabriel India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 93 and a stop loss of Rs 83
Gaurav Bissa, Derivatives Analyst, LKP Securities
HDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1060 and a stop loss of Rs 1036
Bank of Baroda is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 950 and a stop loss of Rs 905
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1040 and a stop loss of Rs 1005
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Maruti Suzuki Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2980 and a stop loss of Rs 2885
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2750 and a stop loss of Rs 2490
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 225 and a stop loss of Rs 205
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Supreme Court extends stay on Koli s executionNEW DELHI, September 12, 2014
Updated: September 13, 2014 00:33 IST
Nithari serial killings
Nithari killer’s execution stayed till Oct. 29
Krishnadas Rajagopal
PTI Police take Nithari serial killings convict Surinder Koli to a jail from a special Central Bureau of Investigation court in Ghaziabad. File photo
MEDIA
execution
A three-judge Bench led by Justice H.L. Dattu heard afresh the review petition of Nithari serial killings convict Surinder Koli
The Supreme Court on Friday stayed the execution of Nithari serial killings convict Surinder Koli till October 29. A three-judge Bench led by Justice H.L. Dattu posted the review petition filed by Koli , through counsel Indira Jaising, for detailed hearing on October 28.
The apex court allowed Ms. Jaising to inspect the records in the case and apply for certified copies of statements and confessions made by the accused. Koli is the first condemned man to benefit from a September 3 majority judgment authored by Justice Rohinton Nariman for a Constitution Bench.
The judgment had held that Supreme Court judges should review the question of life and death of a condemned man in public glare rather in the privacy of their chambers. The verdict declared that counsel for the condemned man should be given an opportunity to present oral arguments for a 30-minute duration.
The Constitution Bench led by Chief Justice of India R.M. Lodha had observed that “the fundamental right to life and the irreversibility of a death sentence mandate that oral hearing be given at the review stage in death sentence cases”.
The September 3 verdict declared that the Supreme Court would hear afresh dismissed and pending review petitions of death row convicts, provided they are filed in a month's time from the date of the judgment.
Of the three judges, Justices Dattu and Anil R. Dave were on the original review Bench which had dismissed Koli's review petition on July 25, this year.
On Friday, Justice S.A. Bobde joined the review Bench as required by the September 3 verdict, which said the presence of a third judge would represent an independent and fresh opinion in a death row review.
The revised Supreme Court Rules also requires review petitions of death row convicts to be heard by a Bench of minimum three judges. Friday's hearing comes five days after Justices Dattu and Dave stayed the execution of Koli for a week in a midnight order, just hours before he was to be hanged at Chaudhary Charan Singh jail.
Koli, 42, was found guilty of serial rapes and murders between 2005 and 2006 at his employer, businessman Moninder Singh Pandher's house in Nithari. Remains of several missing children were found near the house.
Koli was sentenced to death in four cases and his death sentence was confirmed by the Supreme Court in 2011.

Boeing delivers fifth maritime patrol aircraft to Indian NavyBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Scientists: Strong solar storm heading to EarthBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Boeing delivers fifth maritime patrol aircra...You are here: Home > Collections
Boeing delivers fifth maritime patrol aircraft to India
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 01.03PM IST
Tags:
Boeing
(The P-8I aircraft arrived…)
NEW YORK: Boeing has delivered the fifth maritime patrol aircraft to India as part of a deal for eight aircraft to support the Indian Navy's maritime patrol requirements.
The P-8I aircraft incorporates not only India-unique design features, but also Indian-built sub-systems that are tailored to meet the country's maritime patrol requirements.
It features open system architecture, advanced sensor and display technologies and a worldwide base of suppliers, parts and support equipment, the company said in a statement.
Boeing will deliver one more P-8I before the end of the year and two in 2015.
India's Deputy Chief of Naval Staff Vice Admiral RK Pattanaik said the P-8I programme is progressing on schedule, and the aircraft are providing the capabilities to meet India's maritime reconnaissance and anti-submarine warfare requirements.
The P-8I aircraft arrived at Naval Air Station Rajali in Tamil Nadu, after a flight from Seattle's Boeing Field, and joined the four previously delivered P-8Is.
"This is another important milestone for the program, and we look forward to continuing our great relationship with India," Boeing Defense, Space & Security vice president in India Dennis Swanson said.
Boeing is building India's aircraft through a contract awarded in 2009. Based on the company's Next-Generation 737 commercial airplane, the P-8I is the Indian Navy variant of the P-8A Poseidon that Boeing builds for the US Navy.
With a view to efficiently design and build the P-8I and the P-8A, the Boeing-led team is using a first-in-industry, in-line production process that draws on the company's Next-Generation 737 production system.
Boeing, which has been active in India for 70 years, said it is focused on delivering value to its Indian customers with its advanced technologies and performance driven aircraft underscored by life-cycle support services.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Technocraft Industries resumes production at yarn divisionSep 12, 2014, 01.46 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Technocraft Industries resumes production at yarn division
With reference to the earlier letter dated August 18, 2014 regarding closure of work at Yarn division due to labour unrest,  Technocraft Industries (India) Ltd has now informed BSE that the issue has been amicably resolved and Production in the Yarn Division has been resumed from September 12, 2014 in regularly manner.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Technocraft Industries resumes production at yarn division
With reference to the earlier letter dated August 18, 2014 regarding closure of work at Yarn division due to labour unrest,  Technocraft Industries (India) Ltd has now informed BSE that the issue has been amicably resolved and Production in the Yarn Division has been resumed from September 12, 2014 in regularly manner.
Post your opinion here
 
With reference to the earlier letter dated August 18, 2014 regarding closure of work at Yarn division due to labour unrest,  Technocraft Industries (India) Ltd has now informed BSE that the issue has been amicably resolved and Production in the Yarn Division has been resumed from September 12, 2014 in regularly manner.Source : BSE

Thief Stole $1 000 From a Blind Man  Cops Saythief stole $1 000 from a blind man  cops say
Massive Factory Blaze Triggers 400 Evacuationsmassive factory blaze triggers 400 evacuations
Yahoo says US government coerced it to cooperate with NSAYahoo says US government coerced it to cooperate with NSA
JSW Steel sends binding offer to Italian steel maker LucchiniJSW Steel sends binding offer to Italian steel maker Lucchini
Desperate hunt in Jammu and Kashmir for the missing in floods  colonies still submergedDesperate hunt in Jammu and Kashmir for the missing in floods  colonies still submerged
Sun Pharma raising up to $2BSun Pharma raising up to $2B
Verizon said to revamp free iPhone deal after Apple s complaintVerizon said to revamp free iPhone deal after Apple s complaint
GLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar heads for best run in 17 yearsGLOBAL MARKETS-Dollar heads for best run in 17 years
Modi Govt Can Create 69 Million Jobs by 2020 with Pro-job Policy: CRISILModi Govt Can Create 69 Million Jobs by 2020 with Pro-job Policy: CRISIL
Obama s military plan to counter ISIS violates international law  warn Moscow  Tehran  SyriaObama s military plan to counter ISIS violates international law  warn Moscow  Tehran  Syria
Aadhaar Ventures IndiaCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Surplus cash of PSUs may be used to revive sick unitsPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 PM IST
Surplus cash of PSUs may be used to revive sick units
Surplus cash of state-owned enterprises including those of Maharatnas and Navratnas lying idle in banks may be used to nurse ailing PSUs that can be revived back to health, the government said today.       The government has constituted a committee headed by NTPC Chairman Arup Roy Choudhury to study the proposal and submit a report in two months time.       The committee will examine the possibility of formation of a joint venture company funded by seed equity from Maharatna and other cash-rich
Surplus cash of state-owned enterprises including those of Maharatnas and Navratnas lying idle in banks may be used to nurse ailing PSUs that can be revived back to health, the government said today.
The government has constituted a committee headed by NTPC Chairman Arup Roy Choudhury to study the proposal and submit a report in two months time.
The committee will examine the possibility of formation of a joint venture company funded by seed equity from Maharatna and other cash-rich central public sector enterprises (CPSEs) to administer and manage sick state-run enterprises that can be revived.
"All the Maharatnas and Navratnas combined have a (cash) surplus of around Rs 2 lakh crore which is lying idle in banks. We have given them a proposal to form a joint venture company which has equal equity share of all these cash rich companies.
There are 70 sick PSUs and 43 out of these can be revived, the Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Minister Anant Geete said on the sidelines of the SIAM conference here.
"The new company formed will review and decide which sick PSUs can be revived. We want to give it entire responsibility to take over (revival of sick PSUs). There will be complete transparency in the process and the surplus money lying idle will certainly be used to revive sick PSUs," Geete added.
Besides examining the feasibility of setting up of a separate company to nurse ailing PSUs back to health, the terms of reference of the Committee include identifying sources from which funds may be raised for the proposed entity as equity capital; and to recommend organisational structure of the proposed entity and its interface with the Ministries.
Geete also said the government proposes to launch the National Electric Mobility Mission Plan (NEMMP) for electric vehicles from Delhi, and a decision in this regard will be taken in a month's time.
"Commuters will benefit as our aim is to run public transport on battery-operated electric vehicles. It will help maintain environmental balance. Delhi is considered the most polluted city in the entire country. We want to remove Delhi from that list, this is why we are starting the Plan from Delhi," the Minister said.
The Mission Plan projects a potential for sales of 6-7 million Electric Vehicles (EVs), along with resultant fuel savings of 2.2-2.5 million tonnes that can be achieved by 2020.
 Advertisements

JD Wetherspoon bucks UK pub declineLast updated: September 12, 2014 5:12 pm
JD Wetherspoon chairman attacks Scotland debate ‘scaremongering’
By John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/498ac2ec-3a48-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SEBI drops charges against Zee in investor complaint caseUpdated: September 10, 2014 18:36 IST
SEBI drops charges against Zee in investor complaint case
PTI
regulatory policy and organisation
Capital market regulator SEBI on Wednesday dropped charges of non-redressal of investor complaints and failure to register with the regulator’s online complaint redressal system against Zee Entertainment.
The regulator said violations could not be established against the company. Zee Entertainment Enterprises Ltd or Zee is formerly known as ETC Networks Ltd.
It was alleged that Zee had neither obtained the authentication of SCORES, SEBI’s online complaint redressal system, as advised by the regulator nor redressed the grievance of investor.
SEBI in its order said, “the allegations of non activation of SCORES, failure to submit ATR and non redressal of investor grievance, does not stand established and accordingly ETC /Zee is not liable for penalty.”
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) concluded that the “alleged violations do not stand established against the ETC/Zee. Therefore, the matter is disposed off accordingly.”
According to SEBI, Zee had obtained the SCORES authentication in July, 2011 itself, before the regulator issued directives in August 2012.
“Further, in respect of complainant’s grievance of non receipt of refund in public/rights issue, Zee submitted that neither the ETC nor the Zee had made any public/rights issue in the past over a decade and therefore, the question of refund to any shareholder does not arise. It is noted that no proof is available on records to rebut such contention of Zee,” SEBI said.

An excuse to indulgeUpdated: September 10, 2014 18:49 IST
An excuse to indulge
Hindi cinema
Parineeti talks about moving away from edgy characters to a simple, happy story in ‘Daawat-e-Ishq’ and her love for food
Parineeti Chopra is four films old and has made it a habit to walk away with immense appreciation. All that critical acclaim and commercial success, one would expect, has lent her some starry airs. But she surprises with the same self-effacing manner of speaking that she had during her debut film Ladies Vs. Ricky Bahl and later with Ishaqzaade, Shuddh Desi Romance and Hasee Toh Phasee.
The disarming smile is intact and she appears forthright when she says, “It’s scary if I sit down and think about the reviews I’ve had for my films, but I am happy that in some small way I have earned the confidence of people. I wouldn’t have it any other way. If someone were to offer me a film in which my role is insignificant, I wouldn’t do it.”
She speaks to us before beginning a road trip or what she calls a food yatra with Aditya Roy Kapur to promote her new film and says, “I don’t want to get weighed down with what people expect me to do. But I am careful in choosing projects.”
Though she has worked with Habib Faisal in Ishaqzaade, she didn’t take on Daawat-e-Ishq blindly. “It’s great to work with a director who understands you because he can push you to perform better. But even Habib sir didn’t want me to take up the film without being convinced about it. He gave me the script, I went home and read it and really liked it. I had been playing edgy characters and was charmed by a simple, happy story,” she says.
Daawat-e-Ishq has her playing Gulrez, a girl from Hyderabad’s Old City. “With each character given to me, I try and understand where the person comes from, what influences her and how she would react to situations,” she says.
Flavours of Hyderabad
The unit shot in Hyderabad for a month and Parineeti observed girls from the city. “I felt they were no different from the girls in Mumbai. My character is not that of an orthodox Muslim girl, so my references weren’t from the Old City. Though Gulrez lives in the Old City, works at a mall near Hi-Tech City,” she says.
Don’t expect an overtly dakhni dialect like in Bobby Jasoos as this story shifts between Lucknow and Hyderabad. “A large chunk of the film has been shot in Hyderabad, especially the portions involving me and Anupam Kher who plays my father. To have a pan Indian appeal, my character doesn’t speak the dakhni dialect throughout. A slight twang is what she has when she speaks Hindi and Urdu,” says Parineeti.
A self-confessed foodie, she says the film has been made for a food lover like her. “I had a good excuse to indulge and wasn’t going to let go of it. I loved the biryani in Hyderabad and Tunde ki Kebab in Lucknow. I think Lucknow has the best kebabs in India,” she says.
Aditya plays a bawarchi from Lucknow and food takes the film forward. “We are talking about two people falling in love through food, so there was bound to be a lot of eating. After all that eating while shooting and promoting the film, I would go back and follow a strict regimen. I’ve been working towards getting fitter,” she says.

Rising threat from returning Syria militants  says ChinaPress Trust of India | Beijing | Posted: September 11, 2014 8:47 pm
China on Thursday warned that some of the militants who fought along with Islamic State (IS) forces in Iraq and Syria have started returning to their home countries posing a security threat to Beijing and Central Asian states.
China said that as part of the regional Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO), it has worked out a plan of action to deal with the militants. The SCO has strengthened monitoring of both the Internet and members of the “three evil forces” who have come back from such hotspots as South Asia, West Asia and North Africa where they honed their terror skills, Zhang Xinfeng, director of the Executive Committee of SCO’s Regional Anti-Terrorism Agency told state-run Xinhua news agency.
Chinese officials in the past said a number of Uygur Islamic militants from the volatile Xinjiang province went to Syria to fight by joining IS forces and some of them were caught when they returned. “They (militants) tend to incite religious extremism, recruit followers and plot terror attacks via the Internet,” Zhang, an anti-terrorism expert from China said.
“Every SCO member state has extremists of this kind who are fighting in Syria and Iraq. These people have started returning to their homeland, which constitutes a major threat to regional security,” Zhang said. The SCO comprising China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan,
Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan is holding its two-day, 14th summit at Dushanbe beginning today.
Officials say that India and Pakistan, which have observer status in SCO could become regular members soon as the bloc is expected to take a decision to admit new members. Zhang said SCO member states have submitted to the agency relevant information earlier in the year, and plan to work out joint measures against militants of the “three evil forces” later this year, Zhang said.
“Our goal is to eradicate threats to the region’s stability before they cross the borders,” he said.

Ferrari 458 Speciale - Raw speedGoogle+
Market indexes are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer Morningstar: © 2014  Morningstar, Inc.  All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer The Dow Jones IndexesSM are proprietary to and distributed by Dow Jones & Company, Inc. and have been licensed for use.  All content of the Dow Jones IndexesSM © 2014 is proprietary to Dow Jones & Company, Inc.  Chicago Mercantile Association. The market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.  FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2014. All rights reserved. Most stock quote data provided by BATS.
© 2014 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy .
.

The basics of relying on a model portfolioThe basics of relying on a model portfolio
By Leslie Mann Special to Tribune Newspapers
Retirement Retirement Planning Finance
Interested in model portfolios? Here's what to know.
After he met with his financial adviser, Brendon Dibella, of Alexandria, Va., had a portfolio tailor-made to meet his financial goals, which include college for his daughter (now age 4) and retirement by age 60.
Instead of starting with a blank sheet of paper, though, Dibella's financial adviser, Winchester, Va.-based Scott Swisher, began with a set of five model portfolios, then modified the one dubbed "aggressive," because it best matched Dibella's goals. Dibella keeps the money in an account with Vanguard, a discount broker. "Scott directs me, but I make the buys and sells," Dibella said. "He's constantly rebalancing it. We meet quarterly, and email and talk often."
Dibella is OK with the necessary evil of an aggressive portfolio — risk. "I'm able to handle the ups and downs of the stock market, and I know I'll see a lot of volatility in the market before I retire," said Dibella, 42, a medical devices salesman. "When I get closer to retirement, I'll probably lean toward his 'stable' model that has more fixed income."
Model portfolios range from sets of A, B and C that require minimal involvement by the investor and no interaction with a human adviser to more fluid sets of A to J and continual collaboration between investor and adviser.
"It's like starting with three primary colors," said Kinnelon, N.J. -based financial adviser Randy Kurtz, who uses models called "strategic fixed income," "core" and "tactical" to create "an infinite number of unique portfolios" for his clients. Most want a customized version of his "core" model, which "protects and grows with a global combination of stocks, bonds, real estate and gold," he said.
0
The common thread of model portfolios is this basic premise: We can better tolerate the risk of the stock market while we're young because we have years to recover from bear markets. The closer we get to retirement, when our savings must become our ATM, the more we prefer investments that are low-risk.
Get the facts. The simplest way to employ a model portfolio is to call one of the growing number of large discount brokers or national banks that have added them to their online services. Some have names other than "model."
Vanguard, for example, calls its models "target retirement funds" because retirement is the typical investor's No. 1 goal, spokeswoman Linda Wolohan said. You choose the year you hope to retire, within five-year increments, and Vanguard proposes an investment mix.
"You factor in variables like your health care costs, life expectancy, risk tolerance and financial responsibilities like kids and parents," Wolohan said. The manager of the company that runs the models for Vanguard buys and sells investment products, such as stocks and bonds, for you.
"They're very popular among people who don't have the time or knowledge to manage their retirement accounts," Wolohan said.
In addition to the better-known firms like Vanguard, smaller online companies offer model portfolios with names that reflect the level of involvement of investors they attract. Assetbuilder.com, for example, has "lazy portfolios" that include the "couch potato" and the "margarita."
For the novice investor, many of the online providers require small initial investment amounts. Betterment.com, for example, has no minimum.
Beware the downsides of online providers, though, said Kansas City, Mo., financial adviser Nate Geraci, who crafts custom portfolios from 13 models ranging from "aggressive" to "ultraconservative."
"The adviser who takes your call may be a junior-level associate at a call center halfway across the country," Geraci said. "The advice may be generic and watered down. And, you have to ask yourself if the provider has a financial incentive to push proprietary investment products."
Another downside: The provider may not take into consideration your entire portfolio, said Jonathan Duong, a Denver financial planner. "Most investors have several buckets — their company 401(k), their own IRA, etc.," he said. "Applying a model to one bucket doesn't take into account the other buckets. Often, your employer is the custodian of your 401(k), so it's separate from the money you manage yourself."
Human relations. Instead of working with model portfolios offered by online financial firms, some investors prefer one-on-one advice from live, local advisers.
Atlanta paralegal Judy Nave, 64, started with a model portfolio from Carol Berger, a fee-only financial planner in Peachtree City, Ga. "She tweaked it for me, based on my goals, which is to retire to, not from," Nave said. "I want to volunteer to help with babies at a hospital neonatal unit and with socializing puppies for a service dog-training group."
Nave appreciates Berger's expertise and availability, she said. "I'm not an expert in the financial field like Carol is," Nave added. "She keeps an eye on my portfolio and keeps me informed."
Local investment advisers argue that they take more than your age and risk tolerance into consideration. "Your goals may include putting four kids through college," Duong said. "You may have a high tax burden, so you need to avoid taxable investments. You may be able to live off your pension and continue to invest your retirement money instead of having to live on it. You may have a dependent spouse. Every investor is different."
When you shop for an adviser, ask how often he plans to meet with you, how often he will update your portfolio, how he is compensated, if he requires a minimum portfolio amount and who handles your transactions. (Does he direct you or do them for you?)
Different options. Individual advisers' approaches to your portfolios vary, but they all begin by building a relationship with you. "Before we do anything else, we need to establish trust," Virginia adviser Swisher said. The number of model portfolios the adviser uses is not as vital as the strategy and products he uses to fine-tune your portfolio.
Swisher, for example, uses the term "tactical tilt" because his models tilt toward offense (wealth accumulation) or defense (wealth preservation). He and Geraci favor ETFs (exchange-traded funds), which trade daily like stocks but are more diversified than traditional mutual funds.
Adviser Kurtz, of New Jersey, steers clients toward global investments. "It's only human to be home-biased, to want to buy stocks only from companies in the U.S.," he said he tells clients. "But we're global purchasers; the Starbucks coffee you bought this morning has products from different countries."
Georgia financial planner Berger urges clients to "avoid hot performers because they may not be hot tomorrow. Instead, look at long-term performance." Consider investing "a marathon, not a sprint," she said.
One strategy that has the advisers in agreement: Start young.
"Start years before you retire, and you'll learn the magic of compounding and the power of diversity," Kurtz said.

Every BJP candidate loves YogiYogi Adityanath in Noida last week; served an EC notice after speech in which he accused Samajwadi Party government of bias towards Muslims. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Lalmani Verma | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:24 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 10:41 am
Yogi Adityanath was a 22-year-old science graduate when he took deekhsha from his guru, BJP MP Mahant Avaidyanath, in February 1994 and was declared his successor in Gorakhnath Mandir. Few in Gorakhpur would have thought that the young man would one day reach a stature that would extend across the Poorvanchal region, where he is known as “Mahantji”. Today he has gone beyond that, too, and is in demand across Uttar Pradesh as the star campaigner for Saturday’s bypolls.
The campaign saw him promising to stop “love jihad” and defying denial of permission to hold a rally; he has been slapped an Election Commission notice and has had an FIR ordered against him.
The image of an aggressive pro-Hindutva leader came about shortly after the Gorakhpur mandir ceremony. In 1995, at Muslim-majority Bayalisgawan village some 25 km from Gorakhpur city, some Muslims allegedly robbed a Hindu man in broad daylight. Yogi reached the market with his supporters and it is said that police took action against the accused only after his intervention.
He has won five Lok Sabha elections from Gorakhpur, sometimes without the support of the BJP — he has set up a parallel power centre, Hindu Yuva Vahini. In the 2012 assembly elections, he fielded his own candidates against the BJP’s. The patch-up happened following a poor performance by the BJP in those polls.
By the time the 2014 general elections came, the party had acknowledged Yogi as the man to go to in eastern UP. He was the only BJP candidate from UP besides Narendra Modi and Rajnath Singh to campaign for anyone other than himself. The BJP provided him a helicopter to travel to several Muslim-dominated districts.  “Yogi’s pro-Hindtuva speeches led to polarisation and added votes for the BJP in various seats,” said a BJP leader.
This led to demands for the campaigner in the current elections, and the extension of his domain. The party has appointed him in a panel of three leaders and given him charge of leading the campaign in the state. Almost every BJP candidate told The Indian Express they wanted Yogi to campaign because his address would unite the Hindu vote.
Of the 11 assembly seats voting, Thakurdwara and Saharanpur were already communally charged because of recent clashes. Yogi started his campaign from Noida and Bijnor. Raising an issue many BJP leaders have been silent on, he said in Hamirpur that conversion of Hindu girls by duping them could be stopped only by a BJP government. He recalled an incident from 2013 when the UP police stopped him from going to Jhansi for a jalabhishek programme at a Shiv temple in a Muslim-dominated area. “That temple continued…

IIP to signal faltering economic revivalJuly industrial output data to signal stuttering economic revival
Rajesh Kumar Singh     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 11:13 IST
Output from mines, utilities and factories is forecast to grow 1.8 per cent year-on-year (Photo: Reuters)
The country's industrial output growth likely slowed for a second straight month in July, while inflation probably remained high, with the domestic economy struggling to make a sustained recovery from its longest stretch of sub-par growth in decades.
Output from mines, utilities and factories is forecast to grow 1.8 per cent year-on-year, slower than June's 3.4 per cent rise, according to a Reuters poll of economists. Output growth had hit a 19-month high of 5 per cent in May.
Retail inflation, which the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) tracks for setting its lending rates, probably edged down marginally to 7.80 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent a month ago, the poll showed.
The numbers come weeks after the economy posted its fastest growth in two-and-a-half years, helped by a revival in industrial activity, prompting Prime Minister Narendra Modi to paint a rosier outlook for coming quarters.
However, high inflation would make it tougher for Modi to encourage consumers, who power nearly 60 per cent of the economy, to loosen their purse strings. It would also make the central bank wary of lowering interest rates later this month.
The central bank, which wants to reduce retail inflation to 6 per cent by 2016, left interest rates steady last month, citing inflationary risks from late monsoon rains.
While falling global crude prices, moderating vegetable prices, a stable rupee and a favourable statistical base will likely ease inflation, the RBI is widely expected to keep rates on hold when it reviews its monetary policy on Sept. 30.
Radhika Rao, an economist at DBS Bank, said the prospect of a revival in demand-driven price pressures following a pick-up in economic activity could ensure a status quo on interest rates at least until end-March.
"The RBI is expected to maintain a cautious stance and keep the benchmark rate on hold in 2014/15," she said.
Modi won the country's strongest electoral mandate in 30 years in May, vowing to lift sliding economic growth, cool inflation and create enough jobs for its young workforce.
The optimism fanned by Modi's rise to power has already brought inflows of nearly $14 billion of foreign funds into Indian equities this year as investors bet that his drive to cut red tape would revive stalled projects and underpin the economic recovery.
To sustain this euphoria, economists say, Modi must overhaul India's strained public finances, stringent land acquisition laws, chaotic tax regime and rigid labour rules.
During his first 100 days in office, the new prime minister showed little appetite for such structural changes, and there is concern that sharply higher growth in the last quarter could obviate the urgency to press ahead with them.
"... The pro-business government has facilitated the investment climate and boosted confidence, but more needs to be done to get back to a period of high growth and low inflation," said Rohini Malkani, an analyst at Citi.
(Reuters)

Sensex  Nifty volatile ahead of CPI  IIP; ITC  Maruti up 1%Sep 12, 2014, 02.00 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty volatile ahead of CPI, IIP; ITC, Maruti up 1%
Hindalco, Sun Pharma, NTPC, Wipro and Coal India are major laggards in the Sensex. Among the gainers are Cipla, Maruti, ITC, Bharti and GAIL.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty volatile ahead of CPI, IIP; ITC, Maruti up 1%
Hindalco, Sun Pharma, NTPC, Wipro and Coal India are major laggards in the Sensex. Among the gainers are Cipla, Maruti, ITC, Bharti and GAIL.
Post your opinion here
11:01
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:50 am IPO listing day: Snowman Logistics has seen huge buying appetite on listing day itself, beginning the trade at Rs 75 (the equilibrium price arrived in pre-opening session) on the Bombay Stock Exchange. That is 60 percent returns for investors over the issue price of Rs 47, which is more than grey market premium of 25-30 percent premium.
It means the person, who has applied for 300 shares (the minimum bid quantity) by paying Rs 14100, received a whopping Rs 8400 on day one (Rs 28 per share premium over issue price). The appetite seems not ending as there were pending buy orders of 1,399,831 shares, with no sellers available at 10:42 hours IST. The stock was quoting at Rs 78.75 (the highest level in today's trade), up Rs 31.75, or 67.55 percent on the BSE. The current market capitalisation of the company stands at Rs 1,310 crore.
11:30 am Interview: In a bid to make a mark in the big car segment, India's top car maker Maruti Suzuki launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz. The car is available in petrol and diesel fuel options powered by a 1.4 litre and 1.3 litre engines respectively. Bookings opened on September 3.
Speaking exclusively to CNBC-TV18, Chairman RC Bhargava said, "Ciaz is not really the premium segment. It is like the Honda City segment. It is the same segment in which we had the Baleno and SX4. So, this car is another offering in that segment. We hope this car will do better in this segment than what we have achieved in the past." He further added that in the festival season one can see growth of 20-25 percent over the non-festive season. Bhargava is hopeful that the growth pattern this year will be similar to the past and will be sustained. The global launch of Ciaz is planned during the forthcoming festival season.
Don't miss: July IIP may slip to 1.7%; Aug CPI seen at 7.7%: Poll 
The market is volatile ahead of IIP and CPI data release. The Sensex is down 9.61 points at 26986.26 and the Nifty is down 8.25 points at 8077.45. About 1420 shares have advanced, 1085 shares declined, and 81 shares are unchanged.
Hindalco, Sun Pharma, NTPC, Wipro and Coal India are major laggards in the Sensex. Among the gainers are Cipla, Maruti, ITC, Bharti and GAIL.
Index of industrial production (IIP) for July is likely to fall to 1.7 percent while the consumer price index (CPI) for August may soften to 7.7 percent, says a CNBC-TV18 poll. Both the macro-economic data points will be released post market hours today and between, the CPI will be crucially watched even from a bond market perspective.
The estimate for July IIP is that it is going to see a growth of 1.7 percent versus 3.4 percent on a month-on-month (M-o-M) basis. It is expected to scale down from what was seen for entire Q1 FY15 and this will eventually help the industry’s growth in Q1 of gross domestic product (GDP) as well. The range for IIP, it is expected to be anywhere between 0.5 percent and 3 percent, says the poll. May IIP was revised higher to 5.5 percent versus 4.7 percent earlier.
10:00
Sensex, Nifty consolidate; Snowman Logistics lists at Rs 75
Snowman Logistics started trade at Rs 75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, up 59.6 percent over its issue price of Rs 47 on huge buying interest on the listing day. The issue was subscribed 60 times, so such a nice listing was expected by analysts.

How to set a super tough password that you wont forgetBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Infra Projects Worth Rs 2 Lakh Crore to be Launched This Year: GadkariInflation Drops to Five-Year Low on Fall in Fuel, Food Prices
New Delhi:
India plans to launch Rs 2 lakh crores worth of infrastructure projects this year, Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari said on Friday, as the government seeks to upgrade the country's creaking roads, railways and ports.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

See biz opportunity of Rs 7 lk cr in solar power: PTC IndiaSep 12, 2014, 02.57 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
See biz opportunity of Rs 7 lk cr in solar power: PTC India
RM Malla, managing director and chief executive officer, PTC India says the company can produce one lakh and 50 thousand megawatts (MW) of energy in 10 years only from solar energy.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See biz opportunity of Rs 7 lk cr in solar power: PTC India
RM Malla, managing director and chief executive officer, PTC India says the company can produce one lakh and 50 thousand megawatts (MW) of energy in 10 years only from solar energy.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
RM Malla, managing director and chief executive officer,  PTC India says renewable energy has a lot of potential in India as we receive atleast 330 days of sunlight.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Malla says solar power poses a big business opportunity for the company to the tune of Rs 7 lakh crore and adds that they can produce 1,50,000 megawatts (MW) of energy in 10 years only from solar energy.
“Hence we have signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with  Power Finance Corporation (PFC) to focus on solar power,” he adds.
Below is the transcript of RM Malla’s interview with Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra on CNBC-TV.
Ekta: There was some news recently with regards to PTC India Financial Services which has signed an agreement with PFC Green Energy for joint financing of renewable energy projects. Can you just tell us how much of an opportunity that segment is for you?
A: As you indicated our organisation PTC India Financial Services (PFS) is for last 1.5 year or so put its focus on renewable. We believe that renewable in India has a great potential. Just to put things in perspective, I believe in India which probably is one of the very few countries which is sunshine for almost 330 days in a year has a potential of making almost 1,50,000 megawatt through solar energy in maybe a period 10 years.
Similarly as far as wind is concerned I believe that we can have as much as 1,00,000 megawatt. Today wind energy India produces only about 25000 megawatt and as far as solar is concerned it is less than 3000 megawatt. So, we can go 50 times.
To put it in the financial terms if 1,50,000 megawatt of solar, the project cost have gone down is now about Rs 8 crore. So, this is a business of Rs 10 lakh crore and if we take a debt equity ratio of 70:30, 7 lakh crore of potential business is available only in solar. As I was saying that we have focused in this area and in order to broaden and ensure that we are able to quickly appraise and finance these projects, we have decided to have memorandum of understanding (MoU) with similar organisation.
PFC which is the largest power financing in this country has setup a special subsidiary only for renewal energy. So, couple of days back we have entered into an MoU and soon we will be also entering similar MoUs with other organisations. The system will be that we will appraise the projects and similarly if they get some proposal they will appraise the project and we will meet periodically and we will jointly finance.
Ekta: How much of your loan book is towards renewable energy already and how much of these projects have seen 90 percent of completion or entire completion?
A: As we are speaking today our 35 percent of loan outstanding is for renewable. I believe that gradually it may become 50 percent in maybe next 12-15 months. The beauty of renewable especially solar and wind is, it has a very low gestations period. Solar can be setup anything between 9-12 months and similarly wind also can be put in less then one year.
The main issue is only the acquisition of land and that is the only thing which takes time. However, having acquired the land these things can be put modularly. Solar, suppose there is a project of 50 megawatt, you don’t have to complete the entire 50 megawatt to start supplying power. You can do 5 megawatt and if your acquisition is in place you can start dong it.
So, the beauty of such projects is as against the conventional thermal which takes anything between three to five years, here the project completion can be anything between 9-12 months and they start making money and then they start repaying to us.
Ekta: Can you give us a sense in terms of how Q2 is panning out; Q1 was very strong for you’ll, you had an net interest income (NII) growth of over 80 percent, your profit growth was over 100 percent and your net non-performing assets (NPAs) continued to be nil. Can you tell us whether that could be a repeat performance for you’ll in Q2?
A: What I can share with you is that we have a very strong risk assessment process and that is why we have nil NPA. Even today we have nil NPA status. We believe that having given total veto power to our risk department, going forward we will continue to have a healthy book position. Out of six or seven proposals which come for our consideration, only one passes the muster. I believe we will continue to grow and as a result we see good position in future as well.
PTC India Fin stock price
On September 15, 2014, PTC India Financial Services closed at Rs 48.00, up Rs 1.60, or 3.45 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 49.15 and the 52-week low was Rs 10.28.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 4.19 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 11.46. The latest book value of the company is Rs 24.00 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 2.00.
RELATED NEWS

Index Ranks Japan Asia s Most Efficient InnovatorPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Election Commission to announce Assembly polls scheduletodayPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:30 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 1:33 pm
The Election Commission (EC) is expected to announce the poll schedule for Assembly elections in few states on Friday.
Officials said the poll body is likely to announce the schedule for Haryana and Maharashtra while it may decide the schedule for Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir on a later date.
“Election Commission of India shall address a press conference at 4:30 PM on Friday to announce election schedule for state assemblies,” an official statement said.
The tenure of the 288-member Maharashtra Assembly comes to an end on November 8, while that of the 90-member Haryana House will end on October 27.
While Congress is ruling Haryana, the Congress-NCP alliance is ruling Maharashtra.

Election Commission to announce Assembly polls schedule todayPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:30 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 1:33 pm
The Election Commission (EC) is expected to announce the poll schedule for Assembly elections in few states on Friday.
Officials said the poll body is likely to announce the schedule for Haryana and Maharashtra while it may decide the schedule for Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir on a later date.
“Election Commission of India shall address a press conference at 4:30 PM on Friday to announce election schedule for state assemblies,” an official statement said.
The tenure of the 288-member Maharashtra Assembly comes to an end on November 8, while that of the 90-member Haryana House will end on October 27.
While Congress is ruling Haryana, the Congress-NCP alliance is ruling Maharashtra.

J&K floods: Forces rescue over 1 lakh people; IAF struggles to provide safe passage to thousands reaching itsbaseStranded people waiting outside IAF airbase in Srinagar for evacuation on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Jammu | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:46 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 9:04 am
Over 1,25,000 people have been rescued so far by the Armed Forces and National Disaster Rescue Force (NDRF) from different areas in the ongoing rescue and relief operations across the flood ravaged Jammu & Kashmir.
ALSO READ:  Harmony amid despair- A mosque in Kashmir gives shelter to Hindus displaced by floods 
Eighty nine transport aircraft and helicopters of Indian Air Force and Army Aviation Corps have been pressed into service. These are apart from the nearly 30,000 troops deployed by Army for rescue and relief operations, said the Udhampur based Defence Ministry spokesman Colonel S D Goswami.
Of these, nearly 21,000 troops are deployed in the Valley and 9,000 troops in Jammu province. So far, troops have airdropped and distributed 2.98 lakh litres of water, 31,500 food packets and over 533 tonnes cooked food in the flood-affected areas, besides 8,200 blankets and 1,000 tents, he added.
ALSO READ:  ‘Within 2-3 minutes, village vanished under the landslide’
While 80 medical teams of the Armed Forces Medical Services are already operating in full swing, four Field Hospitals have been established in Avantipur, Pattan, Anantnag and Old Airfield where medical aid is being provided to the ailing people, Goswami said, adding that till now they have treated more than 21,500 patients.
ALSO READ:   200 feared dead in Jammu alone
One more fully equipped field hospital from Bathinda is on its way to Srinagar and 19 tonnes medicines and other health care materials are also being transported from Delhi to the flood affected area, he said, adding that more relief materials including blankets, water bottles and food packets are being airlifted from Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Delhi, Patna, Amritsar and Chandigarh.
So far 1379 sorties were undertaken by the helicopters and aircraft of Armed Forces. 1799 tonnes of relief materials were dropped by the Indian Air Force. A third batch of Naval Marine Commandos with Rubberised Inflatable Craft (Geminis), Out Board Motors (OBMs), Compressors, Diving sets and satellite phones arrived in Srinagar on Thursday to support the rescue operations.
Keeping in view of the urgent requirement for more boats in the rescue operation, Army has deployed 90 more boats in Srinagar and adjoining areas. A total of 224 boats of Army and 148 NDRF’s inflatable boats are actively involved in the rescue operation, he said, adding that the Armed Forces have also established 19 relief camps in Srinagar and Jammu region.
In Srinagar, camps were established at BB Cantt, Avantipur, Old Airfield, Sumbal, Chattargam and Jijamata Mandir, where thousands of rescued people are being sheltered. They are also being provided with food and other basic amenities.
Thirteen tonnes of water purifying tablets and six water continued…
Thousands of flood victims are waiting outside the airbase for an opportunity to be flown out.

Sony Xperia C3 review: Good selfies  but not best selfiecameraThe Sony Xperia C3 is a good overall phone. While both the cameras are good, don’t buy this phone just for the clickers. Plus, this is a bit expensive for a phone with just 8GB storage and 1GB RAM.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:35 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 11:07 am
Of late all of Sony’s phones have been pushing for better camera quality. After the 4k on the flagship Xperia Z2, the new Sony Xperia C3 sports what the company calls the best selfie camera. But can a 5MP phone camera make a phone better equipped to shoot selfies? We took the C3 for a spin during the IFA in Berlin.
Quick Tech Specs: 5.5-inch IPS LCD 720 x 1280p display | Quad Core 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor | 1GB RAM | 8GB internal memory, microSD slot for 32GB  | 8MP rear camera, 5MP front | dual micro-SIM (GSM) | 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4 | 2500 mAH battery | Android Kitkat
Price: Rs 23,990
Design: The C3 follows the design language that is now becoming the trademark of Xperia devices. This one too has a super thin body with a metal frame running around it. The power, volume and camera buttons are on the right. However, the volume rocker seems a bit awkwardly placed, coming under the power buttons halfway down the phone. What makes this a selfie phone is the front flash. Also, this is not a waterproof phone, so the micro USB  is not under a flap. I had a green review unit, which was girly to say the least. Also, don’t forget to buy a good cover as the body seemed to attract a lot of dirt.
Display: The C3 has a HD display that is clear and sharp. However, I found some of the default fonts and notifications to be a bit too small to be read easily at first. You might need to adjust this to suit your requirements. The display can be bright enough to work in sunlight.
Performance: I had absolutely no issues using those C3 over a period of almost 10 days. Not once did the phone stall, not once did an app lag. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processors makes this a optimised performer, with everything running smoothly like a well oiled machine. Some people might find the 1GB RAM a bit low for a phone like this.
 
Camera: This is the part that is important for this phone, after all this is the USP Sony is trumpeting around. The rear camera is fast and snappy, but it is definitely not a stunner like the Z2. It can click some good pictures, but we did not see any stunner even with a great surrounding like Berlin. The Full HD video recording came in very handy though and I shot a lot of video of new devices at IFA using the same. However, it did get a bit laggy while panning video. The stills, meanwhile, have a tendency to appear sharper than needed.
But then it is the front camera that is different. Firstly, the phone does not shoot in 5MP by default. While the default shots are 3MP, with an aspect ratio of 16:9, you have to shift to 5MP when you need it. Here that aspect ratio is 4:3, which might not be all that great when you are shooting with a monument in the background. I tried lots of selfies and most of them came out good. The flash is of use when you are shooting with the sun behind you. There is smile recognition, but it does not always work. The double tap on the rear is another way to shoot a selfie, but I found that this ends up shaking the phone before the shot. A pre-burned selfie app would have been a great help in this phone. Yes, it clicks a better selfie, but we are not sure if it clicks the best.
Another small issue is that the pictures were saving in a small size. Most pictures I shot ended up being 30kb files, which is  strange for an 8MP camera.
Battery: The battery life is pretty good and can last more than 24 hours with average use.
Storage: The phone has just 8GB storage and you will need to invest in a SD card as soon as you buy the phone.
Verdict: The C3 is a good overall phone. While both the cameras are good, don’t buy this phone just for the clickers. Look at this if you need a complete phone with some sacrifices being made for good build quality and a brand everyone recognises. Plus, this is a bit expensive for a phone with just 8GB storage and 1GB RAM.

Expect MHCV growth to pick up Q3 onwards: Tata MotorsSep 12, 2014, 03.18 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Expect M&HCV growth to pick up Q3 onwards: Tata Motors
"We think the increase in investments in the road transport will help the commercial vehicle sector," Ravi Pisharody of Tata Motors told CNBC-TV18.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Expect M&HCV growth to pick up Q3 onwards: Tata Motors
"We think the increase in investments in the road transport will help the commercial vehicle sector," Ravi Pisharody of Tata Motors told CNBC-TV18.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
In an interview to CNBC-TV18’s Farah Bookwala Vohra, Ravi Pisharody, ED-CV Business Unit,  Tata Motors says the homegrown auto major expects medium and heavy commercial vehicle (M&HCV) growth, a lead indicator of the economy, to pick up Q3 onwards.
He says M&HCV space had started seeing decline in growth January 2012 onwards.  “We think the increase in investments in the road transport will help the commercial vehicle sector,” he told the channel.   
Below is a verbatim transcript of the interview
Q: What are the cues that you are picking up from this year’s Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) meet? Some very strong statements have been made by ministers. A couple of comments have been picked up and in fact being tweeted. Some of the leaders are saying that there seems to be some sort of genuineness to their statements. What is the view that you are taking on this?
A: Firstly, this year's SIAM meeting is being held under somewhat better circumstances than the last two years. Particularly, the last year was pretty gloomy in terms of the scenario around and at that time they seem very little that will change in the future. Whereas at this time, we are talking in September 2014, we have already seen in the last four-five months some recovery.
The car industry is growing and the medium and heavy commercial, which is my business, which has gone through a very terrible time for the last two-and-a-half years, is on a low base albeit has started growing. We have Mr Gadkari speaking; he has made statements specifically particularly in the area of investments in road transport and overhauling of the motor vehicles act and a few other things, which if implemented, will definitely give a big boost to the economy as such.
There is a strong link between the auto industry and the economy. So we do expect, if all those things are carried out, and the minister went out of his way to say he is sort of is promising all that will be done within one year. So if that is the case—we know from the pulse—all this does have a pay off in the auto industry.
Q: The M&HCV portfolio has done quite well. However, we still see that the LCV portfolio is not doing well. In fact, if you go by your August numbers, it was down almost 35 percent on a year-on-year (Y-o-Y) basis. What do you think is holding back the growth in this particular segment? This is not to say that this is unique to you. This is also the case with your competitors. When do you see some sort of revival? What do you think will bring revival in this particular segment?
A: M&HCV segment, which is the long distance cargo, many pundits have accepted now for many years that this is the lead indicator of the economy. This sector started falling almost from January 2012. It didn’t get noticed in that fiscal but people started talking about it two quarters down the line.
Now, the light commercial vehicle (LCV) segment got impacted much later. So if you look at 2012-2013, the M&HCV did very badly. The LCV was still okay. It started declining in 2013-2014 that too after October. So you will see when you talked about the decline versus the previous year, from October last year the numbers did start coming down. So we will see that base effect kicking in Q3 and Q4.
There is another important aspect for the small commercial vehicle segment, these are people who buy these vehicles as a form of income, they don’t have too much money, they depend on a finance loan and the loans they need are 90-95 percent of the vehicle because of too much vehicles less economic activity, they have not been able to pay back the loans. So the financing companies have also gone through very terrible time.
So they have responded by dropping the lending rates. So today if somebody wants to buy small commercial vehicle, he is not getting more than 80 percent loan and economy is also uncertain in terms of whether we will have load to carry. So there is always a lag effect if M&HCV revival continues, as it has for the next four-five months.
Tata Motors stock price
On September 15, 2014, Tata Motors closed at Rs 512.25, down Rs 4.25, or 0.82 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 531.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 325.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.08 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 6403.13. The latest book value of the company is Rs 59.58 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 8.60.
RELATED NEWS

Sun Pharma falls 4%  Taro recalls anti-clotting drugSep 12, 2014, 01.42 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sun Pharma falls 4%, Taro recalls anti-clotting drug
Taro has recalled two lots of a key drug on September 2, citing failed content uniformity specifications, according to drug regulator. The drug contributes nearly 5 percent of Taro's sales, analysts say.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sun Pharma falls 4%, Taro recalls anti-clotting drug
Taro has recalled two lots of a key drug on September 2, citing failed content uniformity specifications, according to drug regulator. The drug contributes nearly 5 percent of Taro's sales, analysts say.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Sun Pharma slipped 4 percent intraday Friday on drug recall concern. Its subsidiary Taro Pharmaceutical has recalled an anti-clotting drug, Warfarin generic from the US markets due to USFDA concerns on quality.
Taro has recalled two lots of a key drug on September 2, citing failed content uniformity specifications, according to drug regulator. The drug contributes nearly 5 percent of Taro's sales, analysts say.
The stock has been under pressure from yesterday as the US drug regulator made a surprise audit at the pharma major's Halol facility in Gujarat. It is learnt that majority of ex-Taro products of Sun Pharma for the US market come from Halol facility, the largest plant of the company, which supplies 40 percent of US sales and contributes 25 percent to consolidated profit.
At 13:21 hrs, the stock was quoting at Rs 807.85, down Rs 14.95, or 1.82 percent.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Gravita India soars 10% on export orders from US  AsiaSep 12, 2014, 01.32 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gravita India soars 10% on export orders from US, Asia
"Jaipur-based lead metal and downstream lead products producer has bagged an export order worth Rs 230 crore from metal trader from Asian and US market," said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gravita India soars 10% on export orders from US, Asia
"Jaipur-based lead metal and downstream lead products producer has bagged an export order worth Rs 230 crore from metal trader from Asian and US market," said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Gravita India rallied as much as 10 percent intraday to touch a 52-week high of Rs 91.05 on Friday on bagging export orders from US and Asian markets.
"Jaipur-based lead metal and downstream lead products producer has bagged an export order worth Rs 230 crore from metal trader from Asian and US market," said the company in its filing.
This order will be executed within a span of next 12 months from port based manufacturing unit at Gandhidham, Gujarat.
At 13:09 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 89.60, up Rs 6.80, or 8.21 percent amid high volumes.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Fishermen murder: SC allows one Italian marine to travel to his country for 4 months#supreme court #italian marines #international waters #massimiliano latorre #health grounds #brain stroke #sushma swaraj
New Delhi: The Supreme Court (SC) on Friday granted permission to one of the Italian marines facing murder trial in India, to travel back to Italy. The marine has been allowed to travel to Italy for four months on health grounds.
Massimiliano Latorre, one of two Italian marines being held over the 2012 shooting of two fishermen suffered a brain stroke while in custody in August.
Earlier in a statement External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj had said that the Indian government would not prevent an ailing Italian marine from returning back home for medical treatment.
SC has granted permission to one of the Italian marines facing murder trial in India, to travel back to Italy.
Under international pressure, India had dropped a plan to prosecute the marines under a tough new anti-piracy law. Italy says the incident occurred in international waters and that jurisdiction over the marines should lie with Rome.
In April 2012, Rome had paid $190,000 to each of the victims' families as compensation. In return, the families had dropped their cases against the marines, but the state's case still continues.

Desperate hunt for the missing in submerged colonies in Srinagar#submerged colonies #mehjoornagar colony #jammu and kashmir floods
Mehjoornagar: A group of locals are keenly looking for somebody in a flooded colony of Mehjoornagar in uptown area of Srinagar.
They are searching for a Sikh woman who is believed to have drowned during the water surge five days ago. A Sikh man identified as 35-year-old Gagan also drowned around the same time and his body was recovered two days back.
However, the woman is still untraceable and locals wonder why there is no sign of hers even after passage of so many days.
A group of locals are keenly looking for somebody in a flooded colony of Mehjoornagar in uptown area of Srinagar.
Significantly, nobody in the locality knows her name as she was a tenant although some locals have some other information about her.
"The woman was the tenant in the house of one Pritam Singh, who works with Jammu and Kashmir bank in Jammu. Her husband was away in Pahalgam," says one Sukhwinder Kaur who along with her husband was discussing with other locals about the fate of the woman who they believe also drowned.
When the water levels were rising, her landlady vacated the house and asked her also to leave. But since her husband was away, she decided to stay put in the locality and moved to the neighbouring house of Gagan, according to Sukhwinder and others.
She also knows that the "deceased" woman has two sons who study outside Jammu and Kashmir but there is no consensus among them over the place. Some of them say they study in Delhi but some others say Chandigarh.
However there is unanimity among them about one thing, "Enough was not done by the state administration" in terms of rescue and relief.
They feel that the woman and Gagan could have been saved if the administration had acted in time.
While they are discussing this issue, a man comes announcing "does anybody here know Rais Ahmed Bhat"?
Asked why he is looking for Bhat, the man says,"his body has been found in Noorbagh area and documents on him show his residence as Mehjoornagar". The deceased is aged around 35 years.
The people gathered there look at each other but nobody seems to know the person and the man moves on, making the announcement.

Govt to launch infra projects worth Rs 2 lakh cr in 2014Government to launch infrastructure projects worth Rs 2 lakh crore this year
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 15:30 IST
The government seeks to upgrade the country's creaking roads, railways and ports (Photo: Reuters)
After launching highway projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore that were stuck on account of various regulatory hurdles, the government is all set to roll out Rs 2 lakh crore worth of infrastructure projects this year, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadari said on Friday.
"We have cleared bottlenecks. It is easy to construct express highways but difficult to get environment clearance.
However, we are removing hurdles. We have cleared projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore. Now this year we will launch projects worth Rs 2 lakh crore," Gadkari said addressing the annual convention of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers here.
Gadkari said his Ministry was also looking to build two lakh kilometers of roads under public-private-partnership (PPP) mode which includes widening of existing one lakh kilometers of highways.
"We are fast-tracking the decision making and weeding out corruption and red-tapism from government functioning besides introducing innovation," he said.
There is no dearth of money to fund the projects and the Ministry if need be can garner more funds through securitisation of toll revenue which amounted to about Rs 1.8 lakh crore in 15 years besides raising funds through infrastructure bonds worth Rs 10,000 crore.
The minister said, a number of steps had been initiated to bring in wide reforms in the highways sector including launch of 350 electronic toll plazas by December and building amenities for drivers and commuters on every 50 km stretch, for which bids have already been floated for consultancy and design of 270 such facilities.
He said the draft for the new Motor Vehicles legislation expected to be passed in the upcoming Winter Session will be launched on Website by tomorrow seeking suggestions from stakeholders.
"The present Motor Vehicles Act has turned obsolete and the new draft has been prepared incorporating the best practises in six advanced nations - US, Japan, Germany, UK, Singapore and Australia," the transport minister said.
He also appealed to auto-industry body Society Of Indian Automobile Manufacturers ( SIAM ) on the need for introducing ethanol-friendly engines to cut on the huge Rs 6 lakh crore annual bills on import of crude in the country to which SIAM leaders expressed concern and said "there was not enough ethanol available at present."
Gadkari said government was also focusing on boosting waterways for transportation of cargo and planned introducing sea-planes, airport-like terminals on Ganga besides shipment of cargo through waterway which was much cost-friendly.
Also, a new policy for shipbuilding was on the anvil besides promotion of cruise shipping including that of the Kochi to Andaman & Nicobar islands.

Oil back above $98 | Market @ 2: top 20 stock bets for today; Marksans Pharma rallies 13%You are here: Home > Collections > Stop-loss
Markets rangebound; Nifty near 8,100; top 20 trading ideas
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 03.10PM IST
Tags:
Ashwani Gujral
(Tracking the momentum,…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex pared early morning gains and was trading in a range on Friday, led by gains in ITC, TCS, HDFC, Bharti Airtel and Cipla.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index was also trading in a narrow band but below its crucial psychological level of 8100.
At 3:08 pm, the Sensex was at 27,059.84; up 63.97 points.
The broader Nifty was at 8,103.45; up 17.75 points.
Market highlights @ 3
- Exide & Gabriel India stocks are certainly looking good: Prakash Gaba
- Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals rallies 40% in 2 days
- JP Associates under pressure after Goldman Sachs downgrades stock to 'neutral'
- Caution prevails on Dalal Street; select mid-caps continue to buzz
Market highlights @ 2
- Block Deal: 10 lakh Idea Cellular shares traded at Rs 172.30/share
- Govt, says Indirect tax collections in Apr- Aug at Rs 1.94 lakh crore, up 4.6% YoY
- Fin Min Sources, say public sectur banks need Rs 2.4 lakh crore over next 4-5 years for recapitalisation: ET Now
- Govt, says April-August service tax collections increase 15.1% YoY
Market highlights @ 1
- OFSS board declares Rs 485 per share dividend stock at Rs 4008.95, up 8.49%
- Marksans Pharma at day's high of Rs 67.75, stock up, 12.6%
- August CPI seen at 7.9%; July IIP at 1.9%: ET Now Poll
- Snowman makes a spectacular debut; lists at 68% premium
- Adani Enterprises bounces off 20-DMA, stock down 0.5%
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Maruti Suzuki Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 3000 and a stop loss of Rs 2930
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 182 and a stop loss of Rs 167
Petronet LNG Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 210 and a stop loss of Rs 192
Asian Paints Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 695 and a stop loss of Rs 660
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 185 and a stop loss of Rs 167
Jai Corp Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 118 and a stop loss of Rs 104.90
IOC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 425 and a stop loss of Rs 402.50
UltraTech Cements Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 2600 and a stop loss of Rs 2686
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Exide Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 180 and a stop loss of Rs 165
Hindalco Industries Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 158 and a stop loss of Rs 173
Biocon Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 473 and a stop loss of Rs 494
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Asian Paints Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 682 and a stop loss of Rs 656
Exide Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 180 and a stop loss of Rs 165
Gabriel India Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 93 and a stop loss of Rs 83
Gaurav Bissa, Derivatives Analyst, LKP Securities
HDFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1060 and a stop loss of Rs 1036
Bank of Baroda is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 950 and a stop loss of Rs 905
Reliance Industries Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1040 and a stop loss of Rs 1005
Manish Hathiramani, Proprietary Trader & Technical Trader, Deen Dayal Investment
Maruti Suzuki Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2980 and a stop loss of Rs 2885
TCS Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2750 and a stop loss of Rs 2490
Apollo Tyres Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 225 and a stop loss of Rs 205
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
FEATURED ARTICLES

SC allows Italian marine Latorre to return home for 4 monthsNew Delhi, September 12, 2014
Updated: September 13, 2014 10:27 IST
SC allows Italian marine Latorre to return home for 4 months
LEGAL CORRESPONDENT
The Hindu Italian marine Massimiliano Latorre
TOPICS
judiciary (system of justice)
To furnish a "non-ambiguous, plain and unequivocal" undertaking that he would return in four months
The Supreme Court on Friday allowed Italian marine Massimiliano Latorre, accused of killing two Indian fishermen off the Kerala coast, to travel to Italy and stay there for four months to recuperate after suffering a stroke.
A three-judge Bench led by Chief Justice of India R.M. Lodha gave Mr. Latorre permission to leave after the Central government said it had no objection “in principle” and the Italian Ambassador, on behalf of the Republic of Italy, guaranteed his return within the stipulated time.
The Bench, however, told Mr. Latorre that its order would not come into effect unless he furnishes a “non-ambiguous, plain and unequivocal” undertaking that he would return in four months.
This was after the Centre, represented by Additional Solicitor-General P.S. Narasimha, raised doubts about the ambiguity in the undertaking he had filed.

Hold HDFC; target of Rs 1056: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hold HDFC; target of Rs 1056: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com has recommended hold rating on Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC) with a target of Rs 1056, in its research report dated September 11, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
ICICIdirect.com`s research report on HDFC
“HDFC Ltd has witnessed large speculative news flows on its merger with HDFC Bank, driving stock prices to a new high. However, our interaction with the management provides details on “Merger - Not a near term probability”. Recent RBI norms on SLR, CRR relief on infrastructure bonds are not beneficial enough to push the merger ahead though it is eventually the course to be followed.”
“We believe, post management discussion, infrastructure bonds (minimum seven years) in small volumes are possible in the near term. However, placement of a large quantum when inter-bank participation is disallowed remains a challenge. The nature of these bonds is unsecured, uninsured, long term and needs higher coupon to support. Only a few banks have placed the bonds till now. Hence, placing bets on infra bonds replacing huge borrowings of Rs 187000 crore seems an exaggeration. HDFC Standard Life is expected to be listed soon after the Parliament approves the FDI hike to 49%. However, clarity on the sub break-up of the increased 23% stake (full FDI or FDI+FII/NRI) also remains crucial. It reported a profit of Rs 730 crore in FY14 and also offered 5% maiden dividend to the parent in FY14. Gross premium also grew at 7% YoY to Rs 12063 crore with an individual business margin of 26%. Accordingly, we have raised our margin expectation and valuation multiple valuing the entity at ~Rs 14000 crore (FY16E). It adds Rs 65/share to HDFC’s TP.”
“HDFC has commanded premium valuations over the years due to its consistent track record in earnings and business growth. Return ratios have remained healthy across economic cycles with RoE >20% and RoA >2.5%. We expect this to be maintained over FY14-16E with stable asset quality. The consolidated PAT as on FY14 stood at Rs 7948 crore with subsidiaries contributing 32%. Even consolidated RoEs have been healthy at ~21%. Over FY14-16E, we expect standalone earnings CAGR of 14% to Rs 7013 crore. We revise our SOTP based target price to Rs 1056 from Rs 1000 earlier. We value the standalone housing finance business at 3x FY16E ABV (2.8x earlier) and maintain our HOLD recommendation,” says ICICIdirect.com research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Here are few funds that will give you good returnsNews
Here are few funds that will give you good returns
Watch the interview of Vijay Chhabria of Prudent Investment Advisors with Reema Tendulkar & Sumaira Abidi on CNBC-TV18, in which he spoke about mutual fund investment.

Ingersoll Rand: Outcome of board meetingSep 12, 2014, 02.22 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ingersoll Rand: Outcome of board meeting
Ingersoll-Rand (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 12, 2014 has appointed Ms. Jayantika Dave as an Additional Director of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ingersoll Rand: Outcome of board meeting
Ingersoll-Rand (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 12, 2014 has appointed Ms. Jayantika Dave as an Additional Director of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Ingersoll-Rand (India) Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 12, 2014 has appointed Ms. Jayantika Dave as an Additional Director of the Company. Pursuant to sub-section (1) of Section 161 of the Companies Act, 2013, Ms. Jayantika Dave would hold office up to the date of the next annual general meeting of the Company.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

China misses out on first wave of iPhone 6 releasesChina misses out on first wave of new iPhone releases
Gerry Shih     Beijing   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 15:56 IST
A staff of a China Mobile shop explains a function of the iPhone 5s to a customer in Beijing (Photo: Reuters)
Consumers in China, who represent an increasingly critical pillar of technology major Apple's business, will not be able to buy the new iPhone 6 as part of the first wave of buyers around the world this month.
Although the two new smartphone models will go on sale from September 19 in the United States and other markets, Apple is yet to set a release date for China, which is also the world's biggest smartphone market.
The staggered debut is a departure from one year ago, when Apple released the iPhone 5s and 5c simultaneously in 11 countries and territories including the United States, China, Hong Kong, Japan and Germany, a feat that was seen as setting a new standard for its supply chain and retail management.
 
It also comes after a 50 per cent year-on-year rise in iPhone sales in China, which now carries Apple's fifth-generation phones on all of its three carriers, effectively salvaged an otherwise lacklustre second quarter for the Cupertino company.
The US-based company declined to comment on its latest release plans, saying only that "China is a key market for us and we will get there as soon as possible".
Chinese media speculated Apple has not yet received a routine certification from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT), which inspects new smartphones before they are allowed on Chinese carrier networks.
The ministry website, which notifies the public of newly approved phone models, did not list the new iPhones as of Thursday. If the MIIT certificate were the only hurdle, iPhone sales could theoretically begin as soon as they are approved.
Adding to the confusion this week was an Apple Web page that said consumers in Australia, China, Hong Kong and Singapore would be able to buy the new iPhones on September 26 as part of the first wave of sales in Asia.
In an overnight edit, Apple deleted the reference to the date and removed China altogether from the list of Asian markets to receive imminent iPhone shipments.
Third-party sellers and sales representatives at China Mobile's Beijing branch said the launch date had been pushed back from when they had expected, but offered differing accounts of when the phone would go on sale.
Two customer support representatives at China Mobile's Beijing subsidiary and a sales representative said Thursday they had received a staff-wide notice saying the iPhone 6 will begin shipping at the end of 2014.
A spokeswoman for China Mobile could not confirm that such a notice had been sent or otherwise provide comment. China Unicom and China Telecom could not be reached for comment.
Although Apple has never officially announced a release date in China, Chinese carriers had stoked excitement in recent weeks by taking hundreds of thousands of pre-orders for an unnamed device accompanied by a not-so-subtle number "6" graphic.
Apple's status in China has been the subject of speculation after reports emerged last month that the government has banned Apple products from official use.
Both the government and Apple have denied the reports.

Jealousy is no reason to tie down GoogleSeptember 10, 2014 7:06 pm
Continental jealousy is no reason to tie down Google
By John Gapper
Europe’s Lilliputians should not bind Gulliver simply because the tech giant is bigger than them
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4f5b43a-374a-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

How a Yes would make enemiesSeptember 10, 2014 3:58 pm
How a Yes would make enemies and alienate peoples
By Chris Giles
©Getty
The small minority of British people who live in Scotland have been receiving an unnatural degree of attention this past week from the more than 90 per cent who do not. For months we have been comforted by opinion polls pointing to a convincing victory for the unionists, whose position is backed by the vast majority of Britons. But as support for Scottish independence has surged, concern is spreading.
South of the border there is surprise at some of the arguments that seem to have gained traction. Since Scotland already controls healthcare, how can the preservation of the National Health Service have become contentious? There is bemusement that elements of Scottish opinion think the country receives such a raw deal from the UK government, when it is richer than all but two of England’s nine regions. And there is a nagging concern that the rest of Britain will have to buy off Scotland’s malcontents if the country narrowly decides to stay in the union.
More
Mortgage woes set to hit 2.3m households
The paradox of next Thursday’s referendum is that, if there is a Yes vote, it is the last moment the rest of Britain will take notice of Scottish opinion. The people of Wales, Northern Ireland and especially England will find their voices. It is above all the English public mood that politicians will have to follow if they are to be elected. That is likely to be loud and far from pretty.
The feeling of rejection is bad enough. If a Yes vote also brings unnecessary economic turmoil, the terms of separation from the rest of Britain will see Scotland wave goodbye to many concessions.
Candidates standing in the UK’s 2015 general election will be forced to take a view on the terms of Scotland’s secession. For English MPs, a reasonable platform for the negotiations could rest on the following five principles.
First, the rump UK is the continuing state. Though diminished, it will retain all of its existing institutions unchanged unless it chooses to make alterations.
Second, this continuing state will provide no financial insurance to an independent Scotland. In the financial crisis, Britain provided some bilateral loans to Ireland because that country was seen as unfortunate. Scotland would be seen as wilful, rather like Iceland.
Third, assets and liabilities will be fairly distributed on a per head basis. As Professor Paul Collier of Oxford university has persuasively argued, there is no reason to consider the North Sea oil that has already been discovered Scottish – just as the Edinburgh government would balk at a claim to those assets from a separatist movement in the Shetland Islands.
Fourth, the rest of the UK will be willing to share institutions so long as there is no net cost to taxpayers and voters south of the border agree. Scotland can have its share of the monarchy; we can probably do a deal so it pays a fair price for a continued BBC, universal postal service and naval protection. The new Scotland is not entitled to any of this; it must bargain for it. UK state institutions are a construct of the UK government, from which Scotland would be voluntarily leaving. That includes access to the central bank and management of the currency .
Parties offering a weaker prospectus to the English electorate can expect a torrid time in 2015
Fifth, Scotland cannot become a backdoor route into the UK. That means border controls in Berwick and Gretna if immigration controls further north fail to meet Westminster’s tastes. It means ensuring regulated companies, such as banks, that have most of their customers in the UK will need to domicile there. If an independent Scottish government lures businesses with low corporate tax rates, the rump UK will be minded to follow suit, to staunch the loss of revenues.
Of course, such an ugly English nationalistic stance after a Yes vote would be highly regrettable. At times it might not even be rational, given that Scotland will still be England’s second-largest trading partner. However, parties offering a weaker prospectus to the English electorate can expect a torrid time in 2015.
While the velvet divorce of Czechoslovakia is often cited as a precedent, it is no parallel. Then, separation was sought by politicians on both sides. If the Yes campaign wins next Thursday, the simmering resentment of the English will come to the fore and prevent Scotland cherry-picking the UK institutions it likes. Rejection is a raw emotion, and hell hath no fury like an electorate scorned.

EU slaps new economic sanctions on RussiaEuropean Union flag. (Source: Reuters)
Associated Press | Brussels | Posted: September 11, 2014 8:24 pm
The European Union has decided to slap new economic sanctions on Russia — including ones targeting the country’s vital oil industry — for what it sees as Moscow’s meddling in eastern Ukraine.
The sanctions will further curb access to European capital markets for Russian banks and firms, limit exports of certain high-technology goods and target more officials with travel bans and asset freezes, the EU said in statement.
The sanctions will take effect Friday following their publication in the EU’s official journal but will be reversible if the situation in eastern Ukraine improves. A review of the measures will be carried out in late September, the EU said.
Russia’s stock market and its currency tumbled on the news. Russia’s benchmark MICEX, which was rising Thursday morning, was down 1.2 percent in the afternoon. The Russian ruble fell to an all-time low of 37.51 rubles against the U.S. dollar.
A summit of EU leaders almost two weeks ago called for the new sanctions, but the measure were twice postponed to assess the impact of a cease-fire in eastern Ukraine. The United States has said it was also considering new sanctions and was expected to follow suit on Friday.
The cease-fire between the Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian military took effect Friday but has been riddled by violations. On Thursday, two volleys of Grad rocket fire rang out in the rebel-held eastern city of Donetsk.
A spokesman for Ukraine’s National Security and Defense Council, Col. Andriy Lysenko, told journalists that a large swath of Ukraine near the Sea of Azov had come under full rebel control. While the change likely happened before the cease-fire, it was an unusual admission by Ukraine of the scale of a coastal rebel offensive that Kiev and NATO say was backed by Russian arms and soldiers.
Russia denies the charge.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has sought to portray the cease-fire deal — reached as the rebels waged a major offensive that pushed back Ukraine’s troops — as a victory rather than a defeat, saying Wednesday that about 70 percent of the Russian troops in eastern Ukraine had since withdrawn.
NATO, however, said Thursday that its intelligence still shows about 1,000 Russian troops with sophisticated weaponry like heavy artillery on Ukrainian soil. An estimated 20,000 other Russian troops are amassed just east of the border, the alliance said.
The new sanctions cut the EU’s current ban on credits and loans to Russian entities from a maturity of more than 90 days now to those over 30 days. Curbing access to western capital markets could weigh down Russia’s already-flagging economic growth.
In addition to hitting five of Russia’s biggest banks, the EU said the capital market restrictions will now also hit three major Russian defense firms and three major energy companies. The names of the targeted entities will be released Friday.
The export of high-tech items that can be used for both military and civilian purposes — so-called dual-use goods — continued…

Delay in Gas Price Hike Frustrating: BPYou are here: Home Industries
Delay in Gas Price Hike Frustrating, Says BP
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 20:32 (IST)
Ford India Launches Refreshed Figo at Rs 3.87 Lakh
New Delhi:
BP Plc, Europe's second-largest oil company, today said the delay in implementation of a natural gas price hike was frustrating as the delay was holding back investments.
BP, whose $7.2 billion investment in 2011 is the largest foreign investment in the energy sector in India, has lined up projects that will reverse the sinking natural gas production from eastern offshore KG-D6 fields. The investment, however, is unviable at current $4.2 per mmBtu gas rate.
"We are ready to go ahead with our first project which is probably a $4 billion project. We are getting ready to potentially move that forward (but) are waiting for the gas price decision. So is that frustration, yes because it was decided last June 2013," said Sashi Mukundan, Regional President and Head of Country (India), BP Group, here.
He was replying to a question at the Economist India Summit here. He was asked if delays in India were frustrating.
The government had in June 2013 approved a new gas pricing formula, which would have doubled the rate on its implementation from April, 2014.
The formula was notified in January 2014 but the Oil Ministry delayed announcement of a new rate, during which time general elections were announced and Election Commission asked the government to postpone implementation of the decision till completion of the polls. The price hike, which was postponed to June 30, was again put off by another three months by the new government pending a comprehensive review.
Mukundan said after the formula was notified in January, only input numbers had to be keyed in and a new rate announced but this was delayed.
"For whatever reason the Election Commission stopped that and now the new government which is for its own reasons reviewing it for 90 days. So September 30th is going to be an important day in terms of what happens with gas price.
"Whether they will announce or not but our decisions meanwhile are held back because we can't make a long term $4 billion investment without knowing whats going to be the policy on gas price," he said.
Stating that urgent business decisions need to be made, he said China had announced a new gas price on June 27 and implemented it on June 28, 2013 while India is still debating.
He, however, said BP had a long term commitment to India.
"We are here for the long term because our energy business is such that it goes in multi decades. So from that standpoint, we recognise that we need to sit, wait and see what happens," he said.
BP had in 2011 bought 30 per cent stake in Reliance Industries' 21 oil and gas blocks including Krishna Godavari basin KG-D6, for $7.2 billion. It has drawn elaborate plans to put satellite discoveries in the KG-D6 block on production as well as interventions to reverse the declining trend at the main fields in the block.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 20:28 (IST)

SBI Takes Lead in Opening Bank Accounts Under  Jan Dhan YojanaFord India Launches Refreshed Figo at Rs 3.87 Lakh
New Delhi: State Bank of India has taken the lead in flagship Jan Dhan Yojana by opening over 30 lakh accounts so far, followed by Punjab National Bank.
As of September 8, State Bank has opened about 21.16 lakh accounts in rural areas and 8.8 lakh accounts in urban areas, Financial Services Secretary G S Sandhu said.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) opened about 20.24 lakh accounts, Canara Bank with 16.21 lakh, Central Bank of India 15.98 lakh and Bank of Baroda 14.22 lakh accounts.
However, major private sector banks taken together opened just 5.8 lakh accounts, much lower than even regional rural banks which have opened 49.28 lakh accounts.
In terms of state-wise tally, Uttar Pradesh is the clear leader where 40.29 lakh accounts. It is followed by West Bengal with 21.62 lakh accounts.
As of September 8, 2014, 3.02 crore accounts have been opened, of which 1.89 crore are in rural areas and 1.13 crore are in urban areas, an official statement said today.
Banks have collected deposits of Rs 1,496.51 crore under the scheme so far which works out to Rs 495 per account, it said.
Prime Minister launched this ambitious scheme of financial inclusion on August 28.
The benefit of 'Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana' (PMJDY) can be extended to existing account holders without opening a new account.
The government is giving adequate publicity to the benefit to be extended to account holders, sources added.
The main features of the PMJDY scheme include Rs 5,000 overdraft facility for Aadhar-linked accounts, RuPay Debit Card with inbuilt Rs 1 lakh accident insurance cover.
Besides, account holders under the scheme will get life insurance cover of Rs 30,000. This was additional benefit announced by the Prime Minister during the launch of the scheme.
In order to spread financial inclusion, banks have been asked to open 7.5 crore accounts by January 26. PMJDY scheme envisages to provide one account to 15 crore unbanked households across the country in the first phase.
For this, banks have been asked to set up camps from 8 AM to 8 PM on every Saturday to facilitate account opening.
Two helplines-- 1800-180-111 and 1800-110-001 have been set up to answer queries related to the scheme.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 21:14 (IST)

Rajan warns of abrupt reversal of global low interest ratesPress Trust Of India |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 11:48 PM IST
Rajan warns of abrupt reversal of global low interest rates
He was also worried that altering the price of capital for substantial period of time distorts investment decisions and the nature of economies
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan, who had predicted the 2008 financial meltdown, has said that abrupt reversal of low interest rates globally could create substantial amounts of damage and it should be done in a predictable and careful way.
He was also worried that altering the price of capital for substantial period of time distorts investment decisions and the nature of economies.
"We're in the hole we are in. To reverse it by changing abruptly would create substantial amounts of damage. So, I'm with (US Federal Reserve) officials in saying that as we get out of this, let's get out of this in a predictable and careful way, rather than in one go," he told the Time magazine.
He was asked whether quickly reversing low rates could backfire.
Asked whether super-easy money had led to misallocation of capital, he said his greater worry was that by altering the price of capital for a substantial period of time, "are we also, in a sense, distorting investment decisions and the nature of economy we will have".
"Have we artificially kept the real rate of interest somehow below what should be the appropriate natural rate of interest today and created bad investment that is not the most appropriate for the economy?"
To a question whether long term low interest rate mean trouble, Rajan said his sense was that monetary policy can do only so much and beyond a certain point it does more damage than good.
A number of years over central bankers have convinced markets that they will continuously come to their rescue and will keep rates really low for long that has pushed asset prices beyond fundamentals and made markets much more vulnerable to adverse news, he said.
Asked about the lack of coordination in the global financial system led by the US, he said the US should recognise that actions of emerging economies to protect themselves over the long run have come back to affect the US.
He said there was room for greater dialogue on how these policies should be conducted not just to be nice but because in the medium run it was in the US' own self interest.
"If you are not careful about the volatility you create, others will have to respond, and everybody is worse off," he said.
 Advertisements

More firms seeking sick status as slowdown bitesHome »   Companies
More firms seeking sick status as slowdown bites
The year 2013 saw the highest number of firms, mainly small, registering with Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction for sick status since 2006
The lure of dirty growth
A total of 92 companies registered with BIFR in 2013, compared to 118 in 2006, according to data from BIFR. These companies include both listed and unlisted entities. Of the 92 firms in 2013, 28 were listed on the exchanges. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: A growing number of small companies in India are falling prey to the economic slowdown, forcing them to apply for sick status in order to protect themselves from creditors in case of liquidation.
The year 2013 saw the highest number of companies registering with the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) for “sick” status since 2006. BIFR, an agency under the finance ministry, determines whether a company has turned sick and assists in helping rescue viable parts of its business while shutting down or disposing of those that are found to be beyond revival.
A total of 92 companies registered with BIFR in 2013, compared to 118 in 2006, according to data from BIFR. These companies include both listed and unlisted entities. Of the 92 firms in 2013, 28 were listed on the exchanges.
The revenues of these companies are in the range of Rs.50 crore to Rs.300 crore, with the exception of four firms which have revenues of more than Rs.500 crore.
In order to be determined “sick”, a company’s accumulated losses should be equal to or more than its net worth, according to the criteria cited on BIFR’s website. The company should also have completed five years after incorporation and have 50 or more workers on any day of the 12 months preceding the end of the financial year with reference to which sickness is claimed, and have a factory licence. In fiscal year 2013, India grew at 5%—the lowest rate in a decade. With the coming general election adding to the climate of uncertainty, small firms have been feeling the heat more than larger ones.
“In any downturn the smaller companies face aggravated problems on both operational and funding fronts. Companies which are direct or indirect suppliers to larger companies are usually facing delay on payments from larger customers, thereby increasing their working capital needs,” said Deep Mukherjee , senior director, corporate ratings at India Ratings and Research Pvt. Ltd .
Some companies have tried all avenues to save their businesses. For instance, kidswear retailer Gini and Jony registered with BIFR in 2013. The company had applied for corporate debt restructuring in 2011, The Economic Times had reported citing its managing director Prakash Lakhani on 9 February 2011. In 2012, The Times of India newspaper cited Lakhani as saying the company was looking for private equity investors.
On Thursday Lakhani said via an e-mail that “the company has applied to BIFR only in order to adhere to statutory compliance and the corporate debt restructuring was approved, however could not be implemented completely”.
Avinash Gupta , head, financial advisory and senior director at the consultancy Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India Pvt. Ltd , said, “Typically these (troubled) companies do not have a syndicate of banks and their discussions (with banks) are more bilateral in nature keeping in view the size, scope and sophistication,” he added.
To be sure, the Reserve Bank of India has in the past voiced its concern about commercial banks discriminating against small and marginal borrowers when considering debt restructuring.
“Our entire approach to restructuring has to be reoriented to show more compassion to the small customers. SMEs (small and medium enterprises) and priority sector advances are an important segment of the economy and viable accounts facing temporary problems in such sectors must not be discriminated against when they request for restructuring,” RBI deputy governor K.C. Chakrabarty had said in 2012.

Fitch retains ratings on nine Indian banks flags NPA riskHome »   Companies
More firms seeking sick status as slowdown bites
The year 2013 saw the highest number of firms, mainly small, registering with Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction for sick status since 2006
The lure of dirty growth
A total of 92 companies registered with BIFR in 2013, compared to 118 in 2006, according to data from BIFR. These companies include both listed and unlisted entities. Of the 92 firms in 2013, 28 were listed on the exchanges. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: A growing number of small companies in India are falling prey to the economic slowdown, forcing them to apply for sick status in order to protect themselves from creditors in case of liquidation.
The year 2013 saw the highest number of companies registering with the Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) for “sick” status since 2006. BIFR, an agency under the finance ministry, determines whether a company has turned sick and assists in helping rescue viable parts of its business while shutting down or disposing of those that are found to be beyond revival.
A total of 92 companies registered with BIFR in 2013, compared to 118 in 2006, according to data from BIFR. These companies include both listed and unlisted entities. Of the 92 firms in 2013, 28 were listed on the exchanges.
The revenues of these companies are in the range of Rs.50 crore to Rs.300 crore, with the exception of four firms which have revenues of more than Rs.500 crore.
In order to be determined “sick”, a company’s accumulated losses should be equal to or more than its net worth, according to the criteria cited on BIFR’s website. The company should also have completed five years after incorporation and have 50 or more workers on any day of the 12 months preceding the end of the financial year with reference to which sickness is claimed, and have a factory licence. In fiscal year 2013, India grew at 5%—the lowest rate in a decade. With the coming general election adding to the climate of uncertainty, small firms have been feeling the heat more than larger ones.
“In any downturn the smaller companies face aggravated problems on both operational and funding fronts. Companies which are direct or indirect suppliers to larger companies are usually facing delay on payments from larger customers, thereby increasing their working capital needs,” said Deep Mukherjee , senior director, corporate ratings at India Ratings and Research Pvt. Ltd .
Some companies have tried all avenues to save their businesses. For instance, kidswear retailer Gini and Jony registered with BIFR in 2013. The company had applied for corporate debt restructuring in 2011, The Economic Times had reported citing its managing director Prakash Lakhani on 9 February 2011. In 2012, The Times of India newspaper cited Lakhani as saying the company was looking for private equity investors.
On Thursday Lakhani said via an e-mail that “the company has applied to BIFR only in order to adhere to statutory compliance and the corporate debt restructuring was approved, however could not be implemented completely”.
Avinash Gupta , head, financial advisory and senior director at the consultancy Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India Pvt. Ltd , said, “Typically these (troubled) companies do not have a syndicate of banks and their discussions (with banks) are more bilateral in nature keeping in view the size, scope and sophistication,” he added.
To be sure, the Reserve Bank of India has in the past voiced its concern about commercial banks discriminating against small and marginal borrowers when considering debt restructuring.
“Our entire approach to restructuring has to be reoriented to show more compassion to the small customers. SMEs (small and medium enterprises) and priority sector advances are an important segment of the economy and viable accounts facing temporary problems in such sectors must not be discriminated against when they request for restructuring,” RBI deputy governor K.C. Chakrabarty had said in 2012.

Ashmore earnings hit by sterling strengthSeptember 12, 2014 3:10 am
Ashmore earnings hit by sterling strength
By David Oakley, Investment Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6ce5c516-3994-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ICICI Bank plans to raise Rs 3 000 cr via $ bondsICICI Bank now joins dollar bond rush, plans to raise $500 million
Anita Bhoir & Saikat Das, ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 07.03AM IST
Tags:
ICICI bank
(The 144 Reg(s) status allows…)
MUMBAI: ICICI Bank is in the market to raise at least $500 million (Rs 3,000 crore) through dollar bonds, two bankers familiar with the matter said, as Indian businesses continue to take on global debt as rates remain at historic lows.
The nation's largest non-state lender is offering five-and-half year paper with an initial guidance of two percentage points over US Treasury. The 5-year US Treasury bond currently yields around 1.76 per cent. "It is a 144/Reg(s) offering which is being offered to US investors also," said one of the bankers. "The proposed dollar bond is part of the $7.5 billion global medium term note" programme of ICICI Bank, he said. An ICICI Bank spokesperson couldn't be reached for comment.
The 144 Reg(s) status allows the bond to be sold to qualified institutional buyers in the US without the need to register the issue with the US Securities and Exchange Commission .
Standard & Poor's Ratings Services has assigned a 'BBB-minus' long-term issue rating to ICICI Bank's senior unsecured bonds.
According to RK Gurumurthy, head treasurer at Lakshmi Vilas Bank , it's the time of the year when European investors return from vacation and activity starts picking up in the offshore fund marketing.
With global interest rates still at historic lows, and recent statements and actions from the European, Swiss and Japanese central banks to keep interest rates negative, "borrowing costs tend to be cheaper even on a fully hedged basis", he said. Most Indian issuers would find it economically viable to raise money offshore to fund their overseas business and acquisitions, Gurumurthy added.
In the seven months through July, Indian companies raised $14.7 billion overseas, which was 26 per cent more from the year-earlier period and $4 million more than the collection for the whole of 2013. Bankers expect Indian companies and financial institutions to raise $20-22 billion of debt in 2014.
Rolta Americas, the BB-minus-rated wholly-owned subsidiary of Rolta India , raised $300 million through 5-year bonds at 8.875 per cent in July. Tata Steel issued 10-year bonds at 5.95 per cent to raise $1 billion through its unit in Singapore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Facebook tries to take on YouTube  allows users to upload videos directlyBy the end of the decade, there will be 9 billion mobile connections across the globe. And while 3 billion will be data terminals, dongles, routers and feature phones, the other two thirds will be smartphone handsets, according...
Facebook tries to take on YouTube, allows users to upload videos directly
Reuters
print
Facebook Inc has approached some of YouTube's biggest content producers to get them to distribute their videos on the social network, the Wall Street Journal said on Thursday, citing people familiar with the matter.
Facebook seems to be taking on Google Inc's video site by trying to lure its biggest content producers to the social network, the Journal said.
Popular content from Walt Disney Co's Maker Studios and Collective Digital Studio can already be found on Facebook via the site's news feed and on individual creator's pages, the report said.
One of YouTube's viral series "The Annoying Orange" by Collective has a dedicated page on the social network.
"Our partnerships team regularly has conversations with content creators about how to best utilise all of Facebook's offerings, video included," a Facebook spokesperson told the Journal.
Until recently, much of the video content on Facebook was YouTube videos posted by users, but Facebook now allows users to upload videos directly to its site. This enables the site to sell ads with the videos, the report said.
If Facebook succeeds with its video push, it could undercut YouTube's dominance of the online video ad market, the Journal added, citing eMarketer estimates.

Ratan Tata invests in online jewellery storeBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

J-K floods: Stuck on rooftops for days  yet reluctant to leaveEighty-year-old Ameena Begum could barely breathe when she was rescued from the third floor of her house in Raj Bagh, six days after the floods struck.
  
An aeriel view of Srinagar. This is the worst flood Jammu has seen in the past 24 years. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Children assist in chopping vegetables at a camp in Srinagar. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Indian Army loading supplies in a plane to be dropped off in flooded areas.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
People waiting at the Srinagar airbase, waiting to be flown out in IAF planes. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Omar Abdullah, Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir visits the Srinagar airbase, where rescue operations are going on. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
People lining up at the Srinagar airbase, waiting to be flown out in IAF planes. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
People in Srinagar have been using all modes of conveyance to try and get out of the flooded areas. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
A tractor rescuing stranded people in Srinagar. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Rescue operation going on at flooded area of Srinagar on Tuesday. (Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
A diabetic and hypertension patient, Ameena couldn't sit  or move because of her aching joints, and she was was dangerously running out of medicines when rescue workers arrived, her daughter-in-law Rafika said.
J-K floods: Anger grows as govt goes missing, victims left on their own
"Initially, we thought the waters would recede till they came to our second floor. We moved our food and valuables on to the third floor. We had enough food, but no water. We lived a nightmare for a week", she said.
"The roofs of our homes are made of aluminum sheets  and are not flat so we could not climb on to them. They shook badly when the rescue choppers came down," Rafika added.
 
When they were pulled to safety, the family left behind all their valuables and the also the rations they had stocked for the bitter winter ahead.
Another survivor,  Mehbooba, was stuck on the fourth floor of her house  on a wheel chair for days. When she was was rescued her blood pressure levels were high and she had to be immediately rushed to  hospital.
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. (Raj K Raj/HT photo)
 Many of those now being rescued from rooftops are women, children and the elderly. They were left behind when the men in the families ventured out to get boats. 
But despite the severe hardships there are many families who want to stay behind in their flooded homes.
This correspondent saw a young couple and their son wave to the NDRF boats for water. But they said a defiant no when asked whether they want to be rescued.
Watch: Medics strive to save lives as hopsitals run out of medicines in flood hit J-K
Another woman in the third floor of her house was seen sharing food through a window with a neighbour as the floodwater separated the houses.
Affluent Raj Bagh with its sprawling bungalows, guest houses and high-end shops lives in constant fear of theft even as water levels are still up to two floors.
And the fears are not unfounded. Locals say gold chains, TV sets and refrigerators have been stolen from homes as people move through the water in makeshift boats. Some are hiring local boats to transport their belongings or just to come back and check their homes.
Flood-affected Kashmiris shout out for help from the roof of a house in Srinagar. (PTI Photo)
A group of eight secretariat employees from Jammu atop the Blue Diamond guest house too refused evacuation. "We are fine here. There is no transport to reach Jammu after we leave this place. The locals heckle us and call us thieves," said one of them.
They finally agreed to be lifted on to the boat on an assurance by the NDRF that army planes would take them to Jammu.
NDRF director general OP Sharma who is in Srinagar said the resistance of people to leave their homes is one of the big challenges faced by rescue workers.

Too early to say auto sector seeing growth across board: Maruti08:00 am
In a bid to make a mark in the big car segment, India's top car maker  Maruti Suzuki launched mid-sized sedan Ciaz. The car is available in petrol and diesel fuel options powered by a 1.4 litre and 1.3 litre engines respectively. Bookings opened on September 3.
Speaking exclusively to CNBC-TV18's Farah Bookwala, Chairman RC Bhargava said, "Ciaz is not really the premium segment. It is like the Honda City segment. It is the same segment in which we had the Baleno and SX4. So, this car is another offering in that segment. We hope this car will do better in this segment than what we have achieved in the past."
He further added that in the festival season one can see growth of 20-25 percent over the non-festive season. Bhargava is hopful that the growth pattern this year will be similar to the past and will be sustained. The global launch of Ciaz is planned during the forthcoming festival season.
Sharing his outlook on the Indian automobile sector, he said though there is some small growth in the sector as a whole, but many companies haven't been able to grow yet. "I think it is too early to say that there is growth across the board in the automobile sector. Some companies are doing better than others; that is all I can say," he added.
When asked about car segments that will drive growth going ahead, he said, "Entry-level sector is growing better than it has done in the past and the sector above that, the B-segment is also doing better than what has been achieved. So, these are the main sectors which will drive growth for sometime to come."
Meanwhile, in August, Maruti's total sales rose 26.9 percent to 1,10,776 units as against 87,323 units in August last year. Domestic sales during the month stood at 98,304 units, an increase of 29.3 percent from 76,018 units in August of previous year. The boost in sales was mailny due to compact cars comprising Swift, Estilo, Celerio, Ritz and Dzire, which were at 46,759 units in August as against 30,512 units in the year-ago month, up 53.2 percent.
 
Maruti Suzuki stock price
On September 15, 2014, Maruti Suzuki India closed at Rs 2970.00, down Rs 1.15, or 0.04 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2978.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 1301.65.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 96.45 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 30.79. The latest book value of the company is Rs 694.45 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 4.28.
RELATED NEWS

US threatened Yahoo with $250 000 a day fine over secret surveillanceBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Kirloskar Electric to contest subsidiary s decisionHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Kirloskar Electric to contest subsidiary's decision
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
Kirloskar Electric Company said that its step-down subsidiary, Lloyd Dynamowerke GmbH & Co KG (LDW) in Bremen, Germany, has filed insolvency petition before the court in Bremen.
The Managing Directors of LDW had taken the decision and filed the petition on September 9, 2014.
However, the company is reviewing this in detail and preparing to contest it, Kirloskar Electric said in a communication to the stock exchange.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Kashmir floods: J&K Bank says all records  documents are safeWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Boeing delivers fifth P-8I aircraft to IndiaBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

What s the hurry in filing closure report against Birla: CourtBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 12:03 AM IST
Why the hurry to close Birla case: Court to CBI
The court had earlier asked the CBI to clarify whether "rule of law" was followed in allocation of coal blocks to Birla's Hindalco
It seems controversies surrounding the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) refuse to die. Already cornered over CBI Director Ranjit Sinha’s alleged meetings with business representatives linked to cases being investigated, at his residence during the past 15 months, the agency was on Friday pulled up by a special trial court for seeming to hurry in closing a case against industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla and some others in the allocation of coal blocks.
While Sinha filed his reply before the apex court in a sealed envelope, explaining his meetings with the accused in the 2G telecom spectrum and coal block cases, special CBI judge Bharat Parashar came down heavily on CBI for filing a closure report in the Birla case. “What was the hurry to close this case?” he asked.
The CBI’s investigating officer told the court the original minutes of the screening committee’s meeting at which the Birla-owned Hindalco was awarded coal blocks were missing. “There is no such statement of anyone that the original minutes are missing,” the judge said. When the investigating officer failed to give a satisfactory reply, the judge asked, “On what basis have you drawn such a conclusion (to close the case)? What kind of investigation have you done? What was the supervisory officer doing? Bring the police file and call your supervisory officer in the court now.”
The CBI had filed a closure report in the case on August 28, stating it hadn’t found any evidence of wrongdoing against Birla and former coal secretary P C Parakh. A case was registered against them in October 2013; this pertained to allocation of the Talabira II and III coal blocks in 2005.
In its first information report, the CBI had alleged Parakh had, within months, reversed his decision of not allocating coal blocks to Hindalco “without any valid basis or change in circumstances” and showed “undue favours”. The court also expressed displeasure over dumping “illegible” documents before it, saying some of the papers filed along with the “final reports were blank”.
This isn’t the first time the court has came down hard on the investigating agency. During a hearing earlier this month, it had asked the CBI to explain whether “rule of law” was followed in Birla’s case and whether there was an act of omission or commission in it. The court had also asked the agency to explain whether the case involved any element of criminality.
A few days earlier, the court had returned a charge sheet in a different case related to coal block allocations after the agency failed to give reasons behind dropping the names of the four accused.
The case related to Kolkata-based Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd.
In October last year, the CBI had said it had enough evidence to support its case against Birla and Parakh in the matter related to coal block allocations, adding it would present all the details the Supreme Court, which was monitoring the case.
“Whatever you want to tell us, tell us in black and white,” the court had told Sinha’s counsel on September 8.
The next hearing on the case is due on Tuesday.
The court’s direction follows a plea by activist Prashant Bhushan, who has alleged Sinha was favouring Reliance Telecom in the 2G telecom spectrum case.
Both the 2G spectrum case and the one related to coal blocks are under various stages of trial and investigation. The Comptroller General of India had pegged notional losses in 2G spectrum and coal block cases at Rs 1.76 lakh crore and Rs 1.86 lakh crore, respectively.
THE STORY SO FAR
December 3: Ranjit Sinha takes charge as CBI director
2013
October 16: CBI registers a case against industrialist K M Birla (pictured) and former coal secretary P C Parakh in a coal block allocation case
2014
April 14: Parakh releases his book, Crusader or conspirator? Coalgate and other truths; says then PM Manmohan Singh could have averted the scam
 
August 28: CBI files a closure report in the case in which Birla and Parakh were named
 Advertisements

SC permits Italian marine to go home for fou...Supreme Court permits Italian marine Massimilano Latorre to go home for four months
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 01.33PM IST
Tags:
Italian marine
(Latorre is accused along…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today allowed one of the two Italian marines, facing murder charges in India, to travel to his country for medical treatment for four months after the Centre said that "in principle" it has no objection to the plea.
The apex court said its order will be "operational" only after Italian marine Massimiliano Latorre, who suffered brain stroke on August 31, gives an "unequivocal" and "unambiguous" undertaking of the dates of departure and arrival back to India.
Latorre was directed to give a fresh undertaking in specific terms by a bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha as it declined to accept the already prepared one in which he made mention of jurisdiction issue about the case.
The bench ordered him to withdraw about eight paragraphs from the undertaking in which the "issue of jurisdiction" was raised about the case which pertains to the killing of two Indian fishermen allegedly by Italian marines Latorre and Salvatore Girone on board ship 'Enrica Lexie' off Kerala coast on February 15, 2012.
The apex court took on record the undertaking furnished by Italian Ambassador Daniele Mancini on behalf of the Republic of Italy that the ailing marine would abide by all terms and conditions set for his travel to his native country.
"Having heard the counsel, we are of the view that applicant be permitted to travel to Italy for his treatment for a period of four months," the bench, also comprising justices Kurian Joseph and R F Nariman said.
The bench said the condition for the relief granted to Latorre would be same as set by the apex court on February 22 2013 when the two marines were allowed to travel to Italy under the control and custody of the Ambassador of Italy in India, to cast their ballot in the elections.
In the order, the bench also said "since the Government of India has no objection in principle on the plea of the applicant (Latorre), we direct that authorities here will facilitate his travel".
Latorre had submitted a request to the Supreme Court to allow him to return to Italy for his "more rapid and complete recovery".
FEATURED ARTICLES

9 out of 10 IPOs trade at higher than their issue priceDeepak Korgaonkar & Puneet Wadhwa |  Mumbai/New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 10:49 PM IST
Eight out of nine IPOs trade at higher than issue price
Snowman Logistics IPO sees sharpest listing gain in four years
Snowman Logistics’ initial public offering (IPO) has seen its sharpest listing gain in four years. Good issues with attractive pricing and strong corporate performance have seen follow-up buying after listing, say analysts.
Contrary to the popular belief that the primary markets have remained comatose for the past few years, investors have actually showed an appetite for good issues that have been priced attractively. The listing of Snowman Logistics at the bourses on Friday is a case in point.
Investors who subscribed to the IPO have been rewarded handsomely with the stock listing at a premium of 62 per cent and trading nearly 70 per cent higher on the first day of listing.
In the past two years, excluding follow–on offers, book building and SME (small and medium enterprises), nine stocks got listed at the bourses, of which eight are trading at a premium to their issue price.
K Subramanyam, assistant vice–president (institutional research) at Asit C Mehta Securities, says: “At the end of the day, the quality of the issue and the pricing does matter. At times, the offers are priced aggressively and there is no follow up in terms of corporate performance. As a result, investors end up losing money.”
In percentage terms, Snowman Logistics is the first company in the past four years that has recorded a strong gain on the listing day. Against the Issue price of Rs 47, the stock raced to Rs 79.80 after listing at Rs 76 on the National Stock Exchange (NSE). The company raised nearly Rs 200 crore from the IPO.
“We have been in a bull market for the past few months and most stocks, including the ones that debuted at the bourses, have seen a healthy rally as a result. This phenomenon is quite typical of a bull market rally. The risk appetite of investors has substantially increased and retail investors generally prefer to come back into the markets via the IPO route,” says Jagannadham Thunuguntla, strategist and head of research at SMC Global Securities.
Earlier, Gravita India had listed at Rs 219, a 75 per cent premium against its issue price of Rs 125 in November 2010. The stock is currently trading at Rs 89 on the NSE. In September 2011, PG Electroplast listed at Rs 200, a five per cent discount against its issue price of Rs 210, almost doubled at the end of day by closing at Rs 412. However, the stock is currently trading at Rs 107, well below its issue price.
In May 2014, amusement park operator Wonderla Holidays listed with a 32 per cent premium at Rs 165 against its issue price of Rs 125 a share. Since its listing, the stock has appreciated 152 per cent; it is currently trading at Rs 314 a share. It had hit a record high of Rs 355 last month.
Wonderla Holidays, Just Dial, Repco Home Finance and V-Mart Retail have seen their market value more than double, while Bharti Infratel, P C Jeweller and Credit Analysis & Research gained between 27 per cent and 75 per cent from their issue price, according to Capitaline Plus data.
Tara Jewels, the sole IPO listed since December 2012, is currently trading at Rs 93.40 - a 59 per cent discount against its issue price of Rs 230.
“Snowman has a good promoter backing and operates in a niche segment of logistics. There is a lot of potential and I expect a lot of follow-up buying to happen in this counter. The listing price may be a little euphoric but the stock will see ample buying around Rs 60 levels,” says Subramanyam of Asit C Mehta Securities.
 Advertisements

Oil cos rush petroleum supplies to Kashmir through alternative routesBS Reporter |  Kochi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 01:04 PM IST
Oil cos rush petroleum supplies to Kashmir  through alternative routes
The three Oil MarketingCompanies (OMCs), Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum Corporation and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation, are implementing a contingency plan to restore normalcy in petroleum supplies in the flood-affected areas of Jammu & Kashmirat the earliest
The three Oil Marketing Companies (OMCs), Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum Corporation and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation, are implementing a contingency plan to restore normalcy in petroleum supplies in the flood-affected areas of Jammu & Kashmirat the earliest.
Senior OMC officials, camping at Jammu and Srinagar, are carefully monitoring the situation. In view of the continuing inaccessibility of Kashmir Division from Jammu through the arterial national highway (1A), alternative routes identified by the State and district administrations are being explored to expedite loads to the flood-affected areas.
Arrangements are being made for moving LPG cylinders in small vehicles through alternative routes till such time NH-1A is reopened for heavy vehicular traffic, said M Kali Krishna, General manager of Indian Oil Corporation.
As part of rescue supplies, over 50 loads of petrol and diesel and over 30 loads of LPG cylinders were dispatched to Kashmir Division by road through alternative routes onpriority from as far as Kargil, Leh, Chandigarh, Jalandhar and Bahadurgarh in the last three days.
These loads are in addition to the many trucks stranded onthe highways and major roads en route to Srinagar and Kargil, some of which arebeing diverted to the nearest accessible petrol pumps.
Arrangements have beenmade for dispatch of more loads on a daily basis, depending on restoration of road connectivity with various parts of Kashmir Division, including Srinagar and Anantnag.
With many petrol pumpsin the Kashmir valley rendered inoperable by flood waters, suppliers, vendorsand contractors have been lined up for carrying out quick repair of equipmentat these petrol pumps and restore supplies at the earliest.
Teams from Indian OilCorporation's aviation fuelling service are working round-the-clock atSrinagar, Jammu, Leh and Chandigarh airports as well as at Awantipur air forcebase to cater to the additional re-fuelling requirements of rescue operationsundertaken by the Indian armed forces and the State administration.
Two tank-trucks with petrol and diesel loads each have been airlifted by IAF fromAmbala for flood-relief operations in Srinagar. More are planned as perrequirement.
Priority supplies of diesel are being arranged for telecomoperators to enable them to restore mobile communication services, he said.
The petroleum installations of OMCs at Jammu, Kargil and Leh have adequate stocks of petrol,diesel and LPG to take care of any contingency, and are being continuouslyreplenished from upcountry bulk storage locations.
Petroleum installations inSrinagar also have adequate stock for release as and when road movement in thearea is restored.
The OMC operations arebeing coordinated by the State-Level Coordinator, Oil Industry, J&K workingin close liaison with the State Government and district administrations.
High level teams are on standby for rendering all possible assistance in respect of petroleum supplies.
 Advertisements

Oscar Pistorius found guilty of culpable hom...You are here: Home > Collections
Oscar Pistorius found guilty of culpable homicide
AP Sep 12, 2014, 02.06PM IST
Tags:
homicide
(A South African judge on…)
PRETORIA: A South African judge on Friday found Oscar Pistorius guilty of culpable homicide, or negligent killing, in the shooting death of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp and declared him not guilty of murder.
Judge Thokozile Masipa said there was not enough evidence to support that Pistorius knew Steenkamp was behind a locked toilet door in his home when he shot through the door in the predawn hours of Valentine's Day last year. Masipa said she found Pistorius had no intention to kill Steenkamp.
The red-robed judge ordered Pistorius, 27, to stand before she delivered the formal verdict on the multiple counts against him, and said it was a unanimous verdict, meaning she and her two legal assessors all agreed on the findings.
Unlike many other times during the trial that began in March, Pistorius showed no emotion as he stood in his dark suit with his hands crossed in front of him. The double-amputee Olympian was hugged by relatives when the judge ordered a recess soon after announcing her verdicts. A bail hearing is pending Friday afternoon.
Some legal analysts said they understood why Pistorius was found not guilty of premeditated murder but were surprised that the runner was not convicted of murder.
Pistorius then sat with his sister Aimee on the wooden bench where he has spent most of his six-month murder trial. She put an arm around his shoulders and spoke to him.
For the first time in the trial, Pistorius left by going down the stairs that led to the cells in the courthouse. That's because Pistorius' bail expired after his conviction and while the judge considers whether to re-grant him bail. Pistorius' lawyer, Brian Webber, said Pistorius was taken to a "holding position.''
Members of Steenkamp's family, including her mother June and father Barry, were also in court to hear the verdict in the 29-year-old model's killing.
The sentence for a culpable homicide conviction is at the judge's discretion, and it can range from a suspended sentence and a fine to up to a maximum of 15 years in prison. Sentencing was expected to be announced at a later date, when both sides could present arguments ahead of the same judge deciding on Pistorius' sentence.
Pistorius was also convicted on one of three unrelated firearm charges. The judge ruled that the athlete was guilty of unlawfully firing a gun in a public place when a friend's pistol he was handling discharged under a table in a restaurant in Johannesburg in early 2013 - weeks before Steenkamp's killing.
Pistorius was acquitted on two other gun charges, including a count of firing a gun in public and a count of illegal possession of ammunition in the Pretoria home where he killed Steenkamp.
Pistorius fatally shot Steenkamp in his home in the pre-dawn hours of Feb. 14, 2013. He said he mistook her for an intruder, while the prosecution said he killed her intentionally after an argument.
On Friday, armed security officers stood at each of the three entrances to the courtroom, while others stood near the red-robed judge as she explained her verdicts from her dais overlooking the court. There were also paramedics in the courtroom.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Swaraj meets Russian counterpart; discusses ...External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj meets Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov; discusses bilateral ties
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 02.40PM IST
Tags:
External Affairs Minister
(Both the leaders felt that…)
DUSHANBE (TAJIKISTAN): India and Russia today reviewed entire gamut of their bilateral relationship including cooperation in crucial sectors of defence, energy security, trade and investment and agreed to inject fresh vigour in the strategic and time-tested ties.
In a meeting on the sidelines of annual summit of SCO, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and his Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov also extensively deliberated on situation in Ukraine, Iraq and Afghanistan as well as Russian President Vladimir Putin's visit to New Delhi later this year.
Issues relating to economic cooperation and energy security besides implementation of various joint projects were deliberated upon thoroughly by Swaraj and Lavrov who hoped that under the new government in India, the relationship will grow further.
Both the leaders felt that there was scope for expansion of ties between the two countries in a range of areas including trade, investment, energy and defence.
Russia may like to go for further deepening of ties with countries like India and China following sanctions against it for supporting the separatists in Ukraine.
President Barack Obama had yesterday said the US and the European Union have decided to "intensify" their coordinated sanctions on Russia in the defence, finance and energy sectors as punishment for its "illegal actions" in Ukraine.
"Entire gamut of bilateral issues were discussed in the meeting. Situations in Iraq, Afghanistan and Ukraine were also deliberated upon by the two leaders," the sources said.
Swaraj and Lavrov discussed about preparations for the annual Summit between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Putin scheduled during the course of the year in which both the sides are likely to announce decisions to broaden the strategic partnership.
Relations with Russia are a key pillar of India's foreign policy. Annual Summit meeting between the Prime Minister of India and the Russian President is the highest institutionalised dialogue mechanism under the Strategic Partnership between the two countries.
So far 14th Annual Summit meetings have taken place alternatively in India and Russia. The last Summit was held in Moscow on 21 October 2013 when then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited the city.
India has longstanding and wide-ranging cooperation with Russia in the field of defence. India-Russia military technical cooperation has evolved from a simple buyer seller framework to one involving joint research, development and production of advanced defence technologies and systems.
The two leaders also discussed about the situation in Afghanistan as NATO troops are leaving the troubled country by end of the year.
Russia has been helping India in its quest for nuclear energy and has in-principle agreed to the Indian nuclear liability law, paving the way for signing a contract for unit 3 and 4 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KNPP).
Two units of KNPP have been set up by Russia in Tamil Nadu and the first unit has already been made operational.
India and Russia signed a general framework agreement on unit 3 and 4 in April this year after crossing the initial hurdles of the Civil Liability Nuclear Damage Act 2010.
After election results were out, Putin had congratulated Modi for BJP's "convincing victory" and hoped that both the countries will be able to achieve greater success and further bolster the relationship.
Modi and Putin had met on the sidelines of the sixth summit of BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa) that was held in Brazilian cities of Fortaleza and Brasilia on July 15-16.
Trade, investment and economic cooperation between India and Russia has been growing steadily.
In 2012, bilateral trade increased by 24.5 per cent to reach USD 11 billion out of which Indian exports amounted to USD 3 billion while Russian exports were valued at USD 8 billion.
In January-September 2013, bilateral trade amounted to USD 6.94 billion. Exports from India to Russia amounted to USD 2.33 billion while imports from Russia stood at USD 4.61 billion. The two-way investment between the two countries stands at approximately USD 8 billion.
In 2009, both sides set the target of USD 20 billion bilateral trade by 2015. Priority areas for expanding bilateral economic cooperation are pharmaceuticals, IT, steel, diamonds, aviation, fertilizers, infrastructure, heavy engineering and food products.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blade Runner  Pistorius found guilty of culpable homicideJudge finds Pistorius guilty of culpable homicide
AFP
New Delhi, September 12, 2014
First Published: 14:00 IST(12/9/2014)
print
South African Judge Thokozile Masipa on Friday extended Oscar Pistorius's bail and set a date of October 13 for sentencing on a charge of culpable homicide.
"I have used my discretion in favour of the accused, I grant (the) application to extend the bail," Masipa said.
Pistorius was found guilty on Friday of culpable homicide in shooting dead his glamorous girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, a conviction that could result in a lengthy jail term.
A day after acquitting Pistorius of a more serious charge of murder, South African Judge Thokozile Masipa said that Pistorius had acted "negligently" when firing four hollow point rounds into a locked toilet door in the early hours of Valentine's Day 2013.
On the charge of murder, Masipa said: "the accused is found not guilty and is discharged, instead he is found guilty of culpable homicide."
Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius listens to the verdict in his trial at the high court in Pretoria. (AFP photo)
"A reasonable person," Masipa continued, "would have foreseen that possibility that whoever was behind the door might be killed by the shots and would have taken steps to avoid the consequences and the accused in this matter failed to take those consequences."
The "Blade Runner" stared straight ahead as the conviction was read, showing little emotion.
From the gallery there was a sound of sniffles and shallow breaths of 29-year-old Steenkamp's friends crying, including Desi Myers whose lip trembled in anguish.
Read: Oscar Pistorius found not guilty of murder
Steenkamp's father Barry ran his hand over his head while her mother June pursed her lips and shook her head.
The judge is expected to sentence Pistorius a few weeks from now and with no mandatory sentence for culpable homicide, Masipa will have a great deal of discretion over the punishment.
Shock and relief
Legal experts had earlier voiced surprise that Pistorius was found not guilty of murder, and predicted the case would likely not rest with the verdict.
Wits University criminal law professor James Grant said the state could appeal if they believe there has been an legal error.
"Everyone is a little surprised," said lawyer Audrey Berndt, zeroing in Masipa's finding that Pistorius could not have known that firing four hollow point bullets through the bathroom door would have killed someone.
Paralympian Oscar Pistorius at the High Court in Pretoria during the judgment in his trial. (AFP photo)
"She should have explained her reasoning a little more" said Berndt.
Masipa -- whose career has taken her from a childhood in a poor Johannesburg township to the country's high court -- had described Pistorius as a "very poor witness" who was "evasive" when questioned.
In pics: Oscar Pistorius on Judgment Day
Pistorius was also convicted of one of three gun charges.
Masipa said Pistorius was guilty of negligently handling a gun in restaurant, but acquitted him on two other firearm charges.
Pistorius was found guilty of asking to see a gun in Tasha's restaurant and while handling it under the table the firearm went off.
Watch: Judge announces Pistorius guilty of 'culpable homicide'
"He may not have intentionally pulled the trigger... that does not absolve him of the crime of negligently handling a firearm," said Masipa.
Pistorius, who had remained emotionless the whole morning, started clenching his jaw during the ruling.
Masipa had however cleared Pistorius on charges of illegally possessing ammunition, which the sprinter said belonged to his father.
She also said there was not enough evidence to suggest he was guilty of another count of shooting a gun through a car sunroof.
The trial, which has gripped South Africans and much of the world for half a year, has cast a harsh spotlight on the fallen hero's private life.
Full of high drama, the trial has fed intense media interest worldwide, with live broadcasts veering into the realm of TV reality.
During proceedings Pistorius has broken down, weeping and at times vomiting as he heard how his law graduate and model girlfriend's head "exploded" like a watermelon under the impact of his hollow-point bullets.

India s Love Affair With Gold May be OverNational Auditor Used Hindsight to Question Decision: Reliance Industries
Kiran Laxman Salunkhe used to buy jewellery during religious festivals, but sliding gold prices have led the young farmer to break with his family's traditional investment.
This year Salunkhe has deposited his hard-earned savings at the bank for the first time in a decade and bought farmland.
"I bought jewellery when gold price was Rs 32,000 (per 10 grams) last year. Now jewellers won't pay me more than Rs 27,000 if I want to sell. Why should I invest in gold," said Mr Salunkhe, who farms 15 acres of sugar cane in Vangal, a village 250 km (160 miles) south of Mumbai.
"Nowadays it is risky to keep jewellery. Burglaries are rising," he said. "With a fixed deposit there is no risk."
A one-quarter drop in local gold prices over the past year has shaken the confidence of Indians in the precious metal as a store of value and dented demand in the world's second-biggest buyer.
(Also read: Gold Stuck Near 7-1/2 Month Low; Set for Worst Week Since May )
The main beneficiary has been stocks, which have been clocking up records on hopes that Prime Minister Narendra Modi can deliver on the promise of "better days" ahead that swept him to power in May's general election.
Beyond short-term sentiment, a major push by PM Modi for every household to get a bank account, better education and living standards, and falling inflation expectations, could herald a more secular change in investing habits.
"The attachment of Indians to gold will remain," said Harish Galipelli, head of commodities and currencies at Inditrade Derivatives and Commodities Ltd., referring to gold's culturally embedded role in dowry gifts or decorating Hindu temples.
"But as the banking network expands and literacy rises, people in rural areas will explore other investment products like mutual funds or bank deposits. The mindset is slowly changing."
If the national obsession with gold does fade that would help curb India's external deficits - gold is the second biggest item on the import bill after oil - and cap world gold prices that are trading sideways in 2014.
BACK TO EQUITIES
If the crowds selling scrap gold to Kapil Parekh at his shop in Mumbai's Zaveri Bazaar are anything to go by, the shift by small-time speculators out of gold is continuing unabated.
"Many investors who came after 2008's stock market crash were short-term investors," said Mr Parekh.
"They came when the stock market wasn't giving returns. Now, since shares are rallying, they are liquidating gold and going back to equities. They may come back."
One customer, Dinesh Jain, said he had sold 64 grams of gold bought since 2011 and was investing the proceeds - now worth nearly $3,000 (Rs 1.80 lakh at 60 rupee per dollar) - in information technology stocks.
India's investment demand for gold slumped by 67 per cent in the June quarter from a year ago to 49.6 tonnes, World Gold Council (WGC) data showed. Based on industry and WGC estimates, investment demand could nearly halve to 190 tonnes this year.
Investment demand was 37 per cent of total 2013 gold sales.
Indian gold exchange-traded funds, a financial product that sophisticated investors use to gain exposure to the metal, have suffered 15 straight months of outflows.
In contrast, turnover on Mumbai's main NSE bourse is up by 61 per cent, while $50 billion has flowed into mutual funds in the financial year starting April 1 - up sixfold from the entire previous year.
Term deposits in banks have also risen but by a more modest $3.6 billion since April, compared to a drop of $2.9 billion last year, central bank figures show.
SHIFTING SENTIMENT
A decade-long surge in gold prices to 2013 led investment buying of bars and coins to quadruple. Over the same time, sales of traditionally more popular jewellery rose by just a quarter.
But since hitting a record high of Rs 35,074 per 10 grams in August 2013, local gold prices have fallen steadily, tracking weakness in overseas prices and a strengthening rupee.
In the past, such price falls would have attracted bargain hunters. Not now.
"The 11-year rally in gold prices created a perception that they will only go up. This price fall has broken that conviction," Prithviraj Kothari, vice president of the India Bullion & Jewellers' Association, told Reuters.
"Now people are diversifying their investments. This trend will increase in the coming years," added Mr Kothari, cautioning that expectations of a tightening in super-loose U.S. monetary policy would weigh on gold.
"During uncertainly people chase gold. Now, since we have stability, economic growth will revive. It will ultimately push up the stock market and real estate prices."
But for some India's love affair with gold will endure.
"Last year, despite a premium of over $100 (per ounce over London prices), buyers were crowding my counter," said a Mumbai-based dealer at a state-run bank.
"Now, the premium is just $5. The peak festive season is ahead. But I am waiting for customers. There is no hysteria."
Copyright Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex Edges Higher  Nifty Back Above 8 100You are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Flat; Midcap, Smallcap Stocks Outshine
NDTV | Updated On: September 12, 2014 11:26 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled today as investors remained cautious ahead of inflation and factory output data to be released later in the day.
Mixed global markets and a volatility in the rupee also weighed on sentiment.
However, midcap and smallcap stocks continued to outperform the frontline stocks. The BSE midcap and smallcap indices were up nearly 0.2 per cent.
Market analyst Rajat K Bose said though fundamentals of the economy are yet to catch up with the markets, positive sentiment is keeping the market supported. Higher participation from domestic investors is giving momentum to midcap and smallcap stocks, he adds.
Nifty faces resistance at the 8,126-8,143 zone and decisive close below 8,045 could lead to a deeper correction, he says.
Among major Nifty losers, Sun Pharma fell 2.7 per cent after its Taro unit recalled two lots of a key drug on September 2, citing failed content uniformity specifications, according to the US FDA.
Among gainers, Cipla, Bharti, Lupin and Asian Paints gained over 1 per cent.
Elsewhere, in other global markets, Asian shares traded mixed after a muted close on the Wall Street. Overnight, US stocks recovered from early losses, with the S&P 500 managing a slight gain.
The Sensex was up 16 points at 27,012 while Nifty was flat at 8,084. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 11:26 (IST)

Sadbhav Engg to acquire stake in 2 SPVs from JV partnerSep 12, 2014, 02.11 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Sadbhav Engg to acquire stake in 2 SPVs from JV partner
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Nitin Patel, ED, Sadbhav Engineering, discusses details of the transaction and the company’s plans ahead.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sadbhav Engg to acquire stake in 2 SPVs from JV partner
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Nitin Patel, ED, Sadbhav Engineering, discusses details of the transaction and the company’s plans ahead.
Post your opinion here
It is operational SPV since last one-and-a-half year and as of now we are collecting Rs 14 lakh a day toll from the SPV.
Nitin Patel
ED
Sadbhav Engineering
Sadbhav Engineering has been in the news of late. The stock has rallied 165 percent this year and in a latest development, the company has announced signing of definitive transaction documents for the acquisition of stake from their JV partner in two SPVs.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Nitin Patel, ED, Sadbhav Engineering , discusses details of the transaction and the company’s plans ahead.
Below is the transcript of Nitin Patel interview with CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar and Sumaira Abidi.
Sumaira: The two special purpose vehicles (SPVs) in which you are looking to buy stake from your joint venture partners, can you tell us which these two are, what is the stake you are looking to buy and what is the consideration that you will need to pay for this?
A: First is Hyderabad-Yadgiri. This is a construction company we have bought for 23 years from National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and it’s a road between Hyderabad city connecting to Warangal city which is coming under new Telangana state. Sixty percent was originally hold by Sadbhav and 40 percent was hold by GKC Projects Ltd, a Hyderabad based organisation. Now company has decided that entire 40 percent has been taken over by company and this will be 100 percent under the kitty of Sadbhav.
Second is Karnataka state highway project. The SPV called Mysore-Bellary Highway Private Limited. This is a state highway connecting Mysore to Bellary. This is a ten year concession from Karnataka state government which is where viability gap funding of 40 percent of the total project cost has been funded by World Bank. This is a first of its kind where the World Bank has funded this annuity of BOT kind of model. In this project 50 percent was hold by GKC and now company has decided to take over 50 percent and we have entered the agreement and now it will be a 74 percent by Sadbhav and 26 percent by GKC later on post this acquisition.
Reema: Can you tell us how much you have paid for increasing your stake in these two highways?
A: As of now I am not in a position to connect but so far as Mysore-Bellary is concerned the appointed date has not yet happened and we expect this appointed date will be somewhere in the middle of October. So that SPV, as I know there is no consideration at all because nothing has been invested so far by GKC till date and engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) is also going to be executed by Sadbhav 100 percent as per the agreement with GKC. 
For Hyderabad-Yadgiri – we are not in a position to disclose. Later in at appropriate time we will disclose.
Reema: I am assuming for Mysore, there will be no revenue contribution but for Hyderabad, could you tell us what the revenue contribution is?
A: It is operational SPV since last one-and-a-half year and as of now we are collecting Rs 14 lakh a day toll from the SPV.
Sadbhav Engg stock price
On September 15, 2014, Sadbhav Engineering closed at Rs 244.15, up Rs 3.65, or 1.52 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 248.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 52.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 7.71 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 31.67. The latest book value of the company is Rs 61.51 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 3.97.
RELATED NEWS

Americas Latino Eco-Festival Aims For Actionamericas latino eco-festival aims for action
India may become knowledge-based economy: ADBIndia has potential to become knowledge-based economy, says Asian Development Bank
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 15:27 IST
"By leveraging its strengths in human capital and ICT services, India can become a major global knowledge-based economy," said Bindu N Lohani, ADB Vice-President for Knowledge Management and Sustainable Development. (Photo for representation only. Source: Reuters)
India has the potential to become a leading knowledge-based economy with its youth population and growing information technology though it should overcome some barriers in this regard, Manila based funding agency Asian Development Bank (ADB) said in a report released on Friday.
"India, with its youthful population and thriving information and communication technology (ICT) industry, can become a leading knowledge-driven economy as long as regulatory, education, and infrastructure barriers are overcome," ADB said in its report 'Innovative Asia : Advancing the Knowledge-Based Economy'.
The report said pro-poor technologies, growing investment in ICT , advantage in audio-visual services as an outsourcing hub for animation and other skill-intensive industries are few of the promising areas for India.
"By leveraging its strengths in human capital and ICT services, India can become a major global knowledge-based economy," said Bindu N Lohani, ADB Vice-President for Knowledge Management and Sustainable Development.
However, India will need steps such as supportive laws, improved infrastructure, removal of barriers to trade and investment, up-skilling of labour force, higher spending in R&D and innovative financing for small businesses and enterprises, Lohani said.
The knowledge based economies use ICT, innovation and research, and higher education and specialised skills to create, disseminate, and apply knowledge for growth.
Currently, developing Asia ranks well below the OECD average in the World Bank's Knowledge Economy Index.
ADB said that advanced Asian economies such as Japan, Korea, Singapore, Taipei and China have successfully shifted from agriculture to manufacturing to knowledge-based industries.
China and India, have built pockets of knowledge-based growth, but have not yet translated this into a broader economic model, the report said.
Countries such as Bangladesh, Myanmar, and Lao have yet to really embark upon knowledge-based growth.
"A shift to innovation-based growth would help countries avoid the middle-income trap and also address rising income inequalities," added the report.
Established in 1966, ADB has 67 members of which 48 are from the Asian region.
It works towards reducing poverty in Asia and the Pacific through inclusive economic growth , environmentally sustainable growth and regional integration.
In 2013, ADB assistance totalled $21 billion, including co-financing of $6.6 billion.

Hero MotoCorp to launch three new models early next yearHero MotoCorp to launch three new models early next year
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 15:36 IST
Photo: Reuters
Country's largest two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp plans to launch three new models including two new scooters early next year.
Besides, it plans to begin the construction of its Gujarat plant soon and operationalise the facility by third quarter of next financial year.
"During the early part of next year we will start rolling out new scooters. Two new scooters and one motorcycle model are on the anvil right now," Hero MotoCorp Vice Chairman and Managing Director Pawan Munjal told reporters in New Delhi on the sidelines of SIAM annual convention.
During the upcoming festive season the company plans to introduce 12 refreshed versions of the existing models, he added. "These 12 variants have improved features including engines. All of them would be introduced during the festive season."
When asked about the sales projections during the festive season, Munjal said: "I am bullish about the festival season.
Sentiments have improved and the market will improve further.
We expect to do better than the last year."
The company had sold 6 lakh units during the last year's festival season.
On the company's upcoming Gujarat plant, Munjal said: "We will start construction soon and will launch the facility in the third quarter of next fiscal."
The plant will have an installed capacity of 1.8 million units per annum. The company's current production capacity is 7.65 million units.
Commenting on the proposed plant in South India, Munjal said the company is yet to finalise the site for the facility.
On whether the company is looking at hiking prices, he said: "There is pressure on pricing for sure so there will be some price corrections off and on."
He however did not provide specific details.
Talking about its overseas plans, Munjal said: "We are seriously considering Argentina. Team is going there and doing due diligence. We are sure we will soon find a partner and start operations."
He added that the company will start operations in Brazil in 2016 and is currently working on ethanol powered engines for the market.
On launching products in the US market, Munjal said product homologation process is going on and the entry of the company in the country would happen in 2016 summer.
It would set up distribution in the US but is still to finalise the branding part, he added.

AIADMK MLAs to give one-month salary to JK flood relieffundPress Trust of India | Puducherry | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:05 pm
The opposition AIADMK Legislators on Friday decided to contribute their one month’s salaries to the Jammu and Kashmir Flood Relief Fund.
Deputy Legislature party leader A Anbalagan, who announced the members’ resolve during Zero Hour, said the floods which had claimed several lives and caused extensive devastation in Jammu and Kashmir was heart-rending.
“On humanitarian grounds, we intend to contribute our one- month’s salaries to the fund as the stranded people there should be taken care of,” he said and requested Chief Minister N Rangasamy to announce the government’s contribution to the fund.
Rangasamy welcomed the members’ suggestion.

Manipur government orders educational institutes to close for indefiniteperiodPress Trust of India | Imphal | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:02 pm
Manipur government has asked all educational institutes to close for an indefinite period until further orders in view of widespread protests by various social organisations demanding implementation of Inner Line Permit System (ILPS), official said on Friday.
The government had issued the order yesterday as students were joining the movement launched by Joint Committee on Inner Line Permit System (JCILPS) for restriction of entry of non-Manipuris in the state.
JCILPS sources said they would continue the stir till its demand is met as the identity of Manipuris will be lost in a decade’s time if the government was not prepared to protect the indigenous population.
They said people coming from outside has outnumbered the number of tribal population in the state.
Official sources said the government was prepared to consider the issue with the representatives of the Committee, which has been spearheading the agitation for the last four months.

Fishermen killing case: SC allows Italian marine to return home fortreatmentPrint
Latorre (in photo) and Salvatore Girone have been detained since 2012 pending an investigation into the killing of two Indian fishermen. (Source: AP)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:56 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 4:31 pm
The Supreme Court on Friday allowed Massimiliano Latorre, one of the Italian marines facing murder charges in India, to head back home for treatment for four months on medical grounds
A bench led by Chief Justice R M Lodha however rejected the undertaking furnished by Latorre, and asked him to furnish an “unambiguous and unequivocal” fresh undertaking for the court order to become operational.
The bench however accepted the undertaking by the Italy Ambassador on behalf of the Republic of Italy, assuring return of Latorre to India after 4 months.
Meanwhile, Freddy, an eyewitness and a victim of the firing incident, told the court he did not want to press his application opposing Latorre’s plea.
Freddy, in his plea, had earlier submitted that medical examination of Latorre was necessary because of the previous conduct of the marines.
“In an extreme step they refused to return to India claiming diplomatic immunity and which reached to the extent of serious diplomatic issues between two countries,” he had pointed out.
The court had on September 8 sought the Centre’s clear stand on whether it has any “serious objection” on the plea of Latorre to travel to his country for two months for treatment in the wake of brain stroke suffered by him.
It had also exempted Latorre for two weeks from appearing before the Chanakyapuri Police Station once a week as a condition of his bail. The case will be heard next on Friday.

Swaraj meets Russian counterpart; discusses bilateraltiesPress Trust of India | Dushanbe (tajikistan) | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:55 pm
India and Russia on Friday reviewed entire gamut of their bilateral relationship including cooperation in crucial sectors of defence, energy security, trade and investment and agreed to inject fresh vigour in the strategic and time-tested ties.
In a meeting on the sidelines of annual summit of SCO, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and her Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov also extensively deliberated on situation in Ukraine, Iraq and Afghanistan as well as Russian President Vladimir Putin’s visit to New Delhi later this year.
Issues relating to economic cooperation and energy security besides implementation of various joint projects were deliberated upon thoroughly by Swaraj and Lavrov who hoped that under the new government in India, the relationship will grow further.
Both the leaders felt that there was scope for expansion of ties between the two countries in a range of areas including trade, investment, energy and defence.
Russia may like to go for further deepening of ties with countries like India and China following sanctions against it for supporting the separatists in Ukraine.
President Barack Obama on Thursday had said the US and the European Union have decided to “intensify” their coordinated sanctions on Russia in the defence, finance and energy sectors as punishment for its “illegal actions” in Ukraine.
“Entire gamut of bilateral issues were discussed in the meeting. Situations in Iraq, Afghanistan and Ukraine were also deliberated upon by the two leaders,” the sources said.
Swaraj and Lavrov discussed about preparations for the annual Summit between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Putin scheduled during the course of the year in which both the sides are likely to announce decisions to broaden the strategic partnership.
Relations with Russia are a key pillar of India’s foreign policy. Annual Summit meeting between the Prime Minister of India and the Russian President is the highest institutionalised dialogue mechanism under the Strategic Partnership between the two countries.
So far 14th Annual Summit meetings have taken place alternatively in India and Russia. The last Summit was held in Moscow on October 21, 2013 when former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited the city.
India has longstanding and wide-ranging cooperation with Russia in the field of defence. India-Russia military technical cooperation has evolved from a simple buyer seller framework to one involving joint research, development and production of advanced defence technologies and systems.
The two leaders also discussed about the situation in Afghanistan as NATO troops are leaving the troubled country by end of the year.
Russia has been helping India in its quest for nuclear energy and has in-principle agreed to the Indian nuclear liability law, paving the way for signing a contract for unit 3 and 4 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KNPP).
Two units of KNPP have been set up by Russia in Tamil Nadu and the first unit has already been made operational.
India and Russia signed a general framework agreement on unit 3 and 4 in April this year continued…
Entire gamut of bilateral issues were discussed in the meeting. Situations in Iraq, Afghanistan and Ukraine were also deliberated upon by the two leaders.

Floods threaten Pakistans historic MultancityPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:52 pm
After causing widespread damage in northern Punjab in Pakistan, the devastating floods now threaten the historic city of Multan and its famous shrines, even as authorities struggle to save the city.
The floods, triggered by heavy monsoon showers, have inundated dozens of villages in central Pakistan.
One of the main rivers of the country, Chenab, is still in high flood and has already caused widespread destruction in the agricultural backbone of Punjab.
The river has now hit the southern reaches of Punjab threatening Multan, also known as the city of saints, and its popular shrines and mausoleums.
To save Multan from the swollen Chenab, explosives have been planted to blow strategic dykes to divert the floodwater away from the city.
Muhammad Afzal, a district administration official, said some protective embankments were breached to divert the water.
At least 125 villages were already inundated and more are threatened, The Express Tribune reported.
Multan region was the focus of all relief and rescue operations, and over 1,100 boats and 16 helicopters were being used to evacuate people from Jhang, Multan and Muzaffargarh, according to Dawn.
After Multan and Muzaffargarh districts, officials fear the floods may hit the southern Sindh province over the weekend.
Rains and floods have killed 264 people, including 184 in Punjab, 66 in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir and another 14 in Gilgit-Baltistan regions, according to National Disaster Management Authority.
The NDMA said close to two million people were already affected by the deluge.
Experts believe that the number of people displaced by water will increase in coming days.

Manipur government orders educational institutes to close for indefinite periodPress Trust of India | Imphal | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:02 pm
Manipur government has asked all educational institutes to close for an indefinite period until further orders in view of widespread protests by various social organisations demanding implementation of Inner Line Permit System (ILPS), official said on Friday.
The government had issued the order yesterday as students were joining the movement launched by Joint Committee on Inner Line Permit System (JCILPS) for restriction of entry of non-Manipuris in the state.
JCILPS sources said they would continue the stir till its demand is met as the identity of Manipuris will be lost in a decade’s time if the government was not prepared to protect the indigenous population.
They said people coming from outside has outnumbered the number of tribal population in the state.
Official sources said the government was prepared to consider the issue with the representatives of the Committee, which has been spearheading the agitation for the last four months.

Swaraj meets Russian counterpart; discusses bilateral tiesPress Trust of India | Dushanbe (tajikistan) | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:55 pm
India and Russia on Friday reviewed entire gamut of their bilateral relationship including cooperation in crucial sectors of defence, energy security, trade and investment and agreed to inject fresh vigour in the strategic and time-tested ties.
In a meeting on the sidelines of annual summit of SCO, External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and her Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov also extensively deliberated on situation in Ukraine, Iraq and Afghanistan as well as Russian President Vladimir Putin’s visit to New Delhi later this year.
Issues relating to economic cooperation and energy security besides implementation of various joint projects were deliberated upon thoroughly by Swaraj and Lavrov who hoped that under the new government in India, the relationship will grow further.
Both the leaders felt that there was scope for expansion of ties between the two countries in a range of areas including trade, investment, energy and defence.
Russia may like to go for further deepening of ties with countries like India and China following sanctions against it for supporting the separatists in Ukraine.
President Barack Obama on Thursday had said the US and the European Union have decided to “intensify” their coordinated sanctions on Russia in the defence, finance and energy sectors as punishment for its “illegal actions” in Ukraine.
“Entire gamut of bilateral issues were discussed in the meeting. Situations in Iraq, Afghanistan and Ukraine were also deliberated upon by the two leaders,” the sources said.
Swaraj and Lavrov discussed about preparations for the annual Summit between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Putin scheduled during the course of the year in which both the sides are likely to announce decisions to broaden the strategic partnership.
Relations with Russia are a key pillar of India’s foreign policy. Annual Summit meeting between the Prime Minister of India and the Russian President is the highest institutionalised dialogue mechanism under the Strategic Partnership between the two countries.
So far 14th Annual Summit meetings have taken place alternatively in India and Russia. The last Summit was held in Moscow on October 21, 2013 when former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited the city.
India has longstanding and wide-ranging cooperation with Russia in the field of defence. India-Russia military technical cooperation has evolved from a simple buyer seller framework to one involving joint research, development and production of advanced defence technologies and systems.
The two leaders also discussed about the situation in Afghanistan as NATO troops are leaving the troubled country by end of the year.
Russia has been helping India in its quest for nuclear energy and has in-principle agreed to the Indian nuclear liability law, paving the way for signing a contract for unit 3 and 4 of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant (KNPP).
Two units of KNPP have been set up by Russia in Tamil Nadu and the first unit has already been made operational.
India and Russia signed a general framework agreement on unit 3 and 4 in April this year continued…
Entire gamut of bilateral issues were discussed in the meeting. Situations in Iraq, Afghanistan and Ukraine were also deliberated upon by the two leaders.

Fishermen killing case: SC allows Italian marine to return home for treatmentPrint
Latorre (in photo) and Salvatore Girone have been detained since 2012 pending an investigation into the killing of two Indian fishermen. (Source: AP)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:56 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 4:31 pm
The Supreme Court on Friday allowed Massimiliano Latorre, one of the Italian marines facing murder charges in India, to head back home for treatment for four months on medical grounds
A bench led by Chief Justice R M Lodha however rejected the undertaking furnished by Latorre, and asked him to furnish an “unambiguous and unequivocal” fresh undertaking for the court order to become operational.
The bench however accepted the undertaking by the Italy Ambassador on behalf of the Republic of Italy, assuring return of Latorre to India after 4 months.
Meanwhile, Freddy, an eyewitness and a victim of the firing incident, told the court he did not want to press his application opposing Latorre’s plea.
Freddy, in his plea, had earlier submitted that medical examination of Latorre was necessary because of the previous conduct of the marines.
“In an extreme step they refused to return to India claiming diplomatic immunity and which reached to the extent of serious diplomatic issues between two countries,” he had pointed out.
The court had on September 8 sought the Centre’s clear stand on whether it has any “serious objection” on the plea of Latorre to travel to his country for two months for treatment in the wake of brain stroke suffered by him.
It had also exempted Latorre for two weeks from appearing before the Chanakyapuri Police Station once a week as a condition of his bail. The case will be heard next on Friday.

Crude back above $98; should you buy oil & gas stocks now | Market @ 3: top 20Should investors buy OMCs as crude prices slide
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 03.14PM IST
Tags:
Brent crude
(Brent crude oil is hovering…)
MUMBAI: The international crude oil prices have been on a decline but the shares of oil marketing companies are not in a hurry. After a post-election rally, these counters are consolidating even as their under-recoveries will be sharply lower.
The Brent crude oil is hovering at $98.68 per barrel and a spike looks uncertain. According to analysts, the oil prices have bottomed out and will take some time to bounce back.
Analysts at Deutsche Bank are of the view that decelerating global oil demand strengthens the case for a sustainably lower oil price. International Energy Agency has downgraded demand estimates from 1.3mmbpd in Jan'14 to 0.9mmbpd currently.
"If global oil prices sustain at current levels we estimate oil subsidies to fall by 44 per cent yoy in FY15- the sharpest drop in any one year since FY10 - to $13 billion and by a further 42 per cent in FY16 to $9.6 billion," said Deutsche Bank report.
At current oil prices, HPCL's working capital debt will fall by $ 0.9 billion and BPCL's by $1.1 billion on reduction in fuel subsidies the report says.
However, analysts are turning cautious on oil marketing companies as believe most of the positives have been priced in.
"Lower subsidies would benefit all marketing SOEs, easing working capital needs and lowering interest, but profits will still remain contingent on the government's subsidy compensation," said UBS report.
"We see increased risk of marketing SOEs absorbing higher 5 per cent subsidy share (vs our 3 per cent assumption) as their profitability picks up: a 7 per cent subsidy share in Q1 FY15 could be early signs," the report added.
Antique Stock Broking in its sector update has downgraded BPCL and HPCL to hold as it believes diesel regulation has been priced in.
"Learning from the gasoline de-control in June 2010, we believe that expansion in diesel marketing margins post de-control would be challenging and prolonged for OMCs . Though direct cash subsidy scheme (DBT) is likely to be announced, effective implementation of the same would be a time consuming process," the report said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reliance Regular Savings Fund announces dividendSep 12, 2014, 03.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Reliance Regular Savings Fund announces dividend
Reliance Regular Savings Fund announces dividend, the record date for dividend is September 15, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Reliance Regular Savings Fund announces dividend
Reliance Regular Savings Fund announces dividend, the record date for dividend is September 15, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Reliance Mutual Fund  has announced dividend under the Balanced Option in Quarterly Dividend Option and Direct Plan - Quarterly Dividend Option of Reliance Regular Savings Fund .  The record date for declaration of dividend is September 15, 2014.
The amount of dividend on the face value of Rs 10/- per unit will be Rs 0.60 per unit under each plan.
Q

Accumulate Sun Pharma  says Deven ChokseyLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Accumulate Sun Pharma, says Deven Choksey
According to Deven Choksey, MD at KR Choksey Shares and Securities, one may accumulate Sun Pharmaceutical Industries.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Deven Choksey, MD at KR Choksey Shares and Securities told CNBC-TV18, " Sun Pharma - one can certainly argue for buying at a better entry point for sure. However, at the same time we must remember that because of this negative news stock price has come down. So, one could possibly may not get the bottom price but in falling market the better strategy to add into the portfolio a good quality stock would be to buy in a gradual manner and this is where I would probably think that because of the Taro news today, if the stock dips further after yesterday Halol audit news, then in such situation in a falling market, it will be a good opportunity to accumulate.”
“I am not too sure how much it would go down to at this point of time but we will keep watching the counter and probably in a fall certainly consider in adding into the portfolio," he added.
RELATED NEWS

US fines HP $108 mn for bribery in Russia  Poland  MexicoUS fines HP $108 mn for bribery in Russia  Poland  Mexico
Groundnut oil strengthens on increased demandGroundnut oil strengthens on increased demand
OFSS hits 52-week high; rallies over 10% on interim dividend of Rs 485 per shareHi Guest
OFSS hits 52-week high; rallies over 10% on interim dividend of Rs 485 per share
NEW DELHI: has rallied more than 10 per cent to hit its 52-week high of Rs 4,080 in trade today after the board of directors of the company approved interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share.   The stock opened at Rs 3,711.35 and touched high of ...

Maruti Suzuki shares surge 1% on sales expectationsMaruti Suzuki shares surge 1% on sales expectations
Pistorius May Walk Free as Culpable Homicide has no Minimum Jail TermPistorius May Walk Free as Culpable Homicide has no Minimum Jail Term
Warned Manmohan Singh on 2G spectrum allocation: Kamal NathWarned Manmohan Singh on 2G spectrum allocation: Kamal Nath
Samsung donates Rs3 crore for Jammu and Kashmir floods relief operationsSamsung donates Rs3 crore for Jammu and Kashmir floods relief operations
Audi Q3 Dynamic launched at Rs 38.40 lakhHi Guest
Audi Q3 Dynamic launched at Rs 38.40 lakh
Audi Q3 Dynamic will be a similar runaway success like the Audi Q3, said the car maker in a statement.       The Audi Q3 is the largest selling luxury SUV in India and this new addition will further strengthen the brand's dominance in the luxury SUV segment, the company said in a statement. Commenting on the new launch, Audi India Head Joe King said: "With this new top of the line Audi Q3, we are further enhancing the appeal of one of the most successful SUVs in the Indian ...

Xi Jinping s deferring of Pak visit may help Chinese ties with India  PakXi Jinping s deferring of Pak visit may help Chinese ties with India  Pak
Big B prays for Kashmir flood victimsBig B prays for Kashmir flood victims
Govt to roll out Rs 2 lakh crore infra projects this year: Nitin GadkariBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Jazz just changed its tuneTweet
With regular live sessions, Mumbai's Cafe Zoe hopes to revive jazz in the city
Ever since he first performed there in 1975, Carlton Kitto has helped Oberoi Grand draw in a crowd
Pawan Benjamin performs at Mumbai's NCPA at last year's Jus' Jazz festival.
Then and now: Colin R D’Cruz (second from right) and his band Smoking Chutney often perform with various international artists across Goa.
Tarun Balani plays at Delhi's Global Music Institute
The Chic Chocolate band performs at Bombay's Bristol Grill in 1945
The story of jazz in India is of devout old-timers and innovative newcomers. It is a tough world to survive in, but it is here to stay and swing
Carlton Kitto still draws in a crowd. It has been 39 years since he first played at Kolkata’s Oberoi Grand.
As the 71-year-old jazz guitarist takes stage at the luxury hotel’s Chowringhee Bar, a table of three holler — “We’ve come here only for you.” A middle-aged woman walks up to him, “You taught my nephew how to play. He still thinks you are god,” she says. Kitto is shy, and after jogging his memory, he remembers,
“He was one of my best students, but doesn’t he play some kind of Bangla rock now?” The disapproval, however, is ephemeral.
A younger man has begun discussing Finding Carlton, a documentary that casts Kitto as the protagonist to uncover the story of jazz in India. Beaming from the attention, Kitto finally plugs in his guitar. Though slouched because of a spinal injury, the next two hours help prove that neither his fingers nor his spirit have been impeded.
At home in his cramped two-room flat, Kitto loses his toupee and some of his inhibitions.
He rails against contemporary musicians who can’t read sheet music. “You can’t play jazz with this A-B-C nonsense.” Authentic jazz, he says, last existed in the ’60s and ’70s. “After that things like fusion and rock crept in. A sitar won’t help invent some new genre like Indo-jazz.” When asked if he had been forced to dilute his music, Kitto recalled being in Kathmandu with Louiz Banks.
“They were filming Hare Rama Hare Krishna (1971). We played in the background, but I remember having asked Zeenat Aman for a dance. That, you can say, has been my only transgression,” he says, with a gentle chuckle.
Remembering the first strains of bebop he had heard on his mother’s gramophone, Kitto speaks of Duke Ellington, Dizzy Gillespie and Charlie Parker with an infectious nostalgia.
But since his definition of jazz is constrained by the limits of a few golden decades, his views discount the evolutions within the genre itself.
Even if debates between jazz purists and modernists remain predictable and age-old, the hardest question to ask a jazz musician is still one that’s deceptively simple — what do we talk about when we talk about jazz?
Rock and a hard place
For years now, jazz has existed on music’s peripheries, but it has also simultaneously gained a reputation of being its most inclusive genre. As newer experiments abound, the future of Indian jazz in particular affords many hypotheses.
To appraise its chances, however, it becomes essential to first look back. Both Louiz Banks and Carlton Kitto remember fondly the Calcutta of the 1970s — the suit-and-tie sophistication of ballroom dances at the Grand, the cabaret and can-can dances at Park Street’s Moulin Rouge, and finally their collaboration with the legendary saxophonist Braz Gonsalves and vocalist Pam Crain that gave birth to the Louiz Banks Brotherhood.
“Together, we revived the jazz scene in Calcutta and created a following,” says Banks. It was politics that eventually played spoilsport. After being elected to power in 1977, West Bengal’s Left Front government introduced an exorbitant entertainment tax, which almost doubled the bills of clients in restaurants and nightclubs which had until then patronised jazz bands and artists. “People refused to pay up. Fights started breaking out. The owners had no option. They had to ask us to leave,” laments Kitto.
Adding to an exodus that had already begun in the mid-’70s, jazz musicians started leaving Calcutta for destinations like Australia, the UK, the US and Canada. Louiz Banks moved to Bombay, and besides working with RD Burman, he went on to compose over 8,000 jingles in the next 15 years.
Journalist Naresh Fernandes, author of Taj Mahal Foxtrot: The Story of Bombay’s Jazz Age, believes that because of its Hindi film industry, “Bombay always provided a living for many more jazz musicians than Calcutta ever did.” The careers of trumpeters Chic Chocolate and Franz Ferdinand help prove Fernandes’ point. Having played jazz at the Green’s and Taj Mahal Hotel in the ’40s, they soon came to earn their stripes as composers and music conductors in the world of Bollywood.
Fernandes also challenges the notion that Calcutta was the one city which was at the heart of India’s jazz scene. He says, “In Calcutta, jazz was limited to just one stretch — Park Street. In Bombay, the music had spread right through the city.”
According to Fernandes, it was only because jazz had survived in Calcutta through the ’70s that it became an ‘epicentre’. “Bombay,” he says, “had already moved on to rock ‘n’ roll.”
Not one to fetishise the past, the Foxtrot author insists on a pragmatic approach, “Jazz was popular in India when jazz was the world’s pop. We moved on. Kids these days are listening to what is being played in Lagos, New York and Bangkok. We have always been contemporary in our tastes.”
Too cool for old school
By the ’70s, the question of contemporariness was steadfastly haunting the world of jazz itself. The decade began with Miles Davis releasing Bitches Brew. With an improvisational style that seemed to borrow heavily from rock, the album had, according to some, crossed a sacred line.
In 1973, Herbie Hancock, who had played piano as part of Davis’ second great quintet, further challenged the world of jazz with his funk-infused album Head Hunters. Convinced that jazz and Indian music had much in common, John McLaughlin decided to form Shakti with Zakir Hussain and violinist L Shankar in 1975. Many believed that the jazz guitarist, who once had a track named after him on Bitches Brew, was now intent on committing professional suicide. In the end, record sales and packed auditoria told their story. Jazz fusion was here to stay.
Still a teenager at the time, Ananda Lal, Professor of English at Kolkata’s Jadavpur University, remembers getting his “mind blown” by Herbie Hancock. “While the live music in Calcutta harked back to the ’50s and ’60s, jazz had moved on.” Lal even confesses to being unimpressed by critics who dismiss John McLaughlin’s efforts as either gimmickry or dilution.
“Jazz, by its very definition, is a hybrid, a hotchpotch. Things are always borrowed. If jazz ends up with Indian influences, so what?”
Much like Lal and McLaughlin, Louiz Banks also believes that India’s classical traditions and jazz are inherently compatible. Defining jazz quite simply as “freedom”, the stalwart says that after taking a cue from bands like Shakti, he has for long made “Indian jazz and fusion the focus of his experimentation.”
As the direction of jazz came to be reassessed in the ’70s, the music industry also witnessed unprecedented growth. “There was so much music in a record store that people found it hard to find what they wanted,” says Mumbai-based guitarist Dhruv Ghanekar.
While jazz and fusion came to be clearly demarcated, more avant-garde experiments became harder to categorise. “The labelling was only intended to simplify retail. Genres must be taken with a pinch of salt.” Despite his jazz education and performances, Ghanekar spurns the label. “I use the language of jazz, yes, but what I play is a mix of various genres.
Besides, I think this habit of pigeonholing music is a very Indian one. In Europe, no one really questions what jazz is or isn’t.”
Not part of the club Ghanekar, as one of Blue Frog’s founding partners, has tried hard to bring that international sensibility of liberality to Mumbai, Delhi and Pune. He does, however, seem aware of an oftrepeated complaint — there just isn’t much jazz at the club anymore. “We soon realised that we will not be able to sustain the club by hosting four jazz acts a week. The kind of jazz scene we’d imagined, just wasn’t there, and in the end, commerce took precedence.” Looking to revive jazz in Mumbai, eateries like Café Zoe and a culture club called The Bandra Base hope to soon prove Ghanekar wrong. To find a winning formula, though, Mumbaikars needn’t look far. For 12 years now, Pune’s Shisha Jazz Café has successfully served Thelonius Monk with its Turkish coffee.
Before easing into John Coltrane’s rendition of My Favourite Things, Shisha’s Persian interiors first give customers a chance to rest their backs against colourful poshtis. Amongst the jazz artists who have earned their place on the café’s walls, Miles Davis seems to have been fa-voured most. Co-owner Mehdi Niroomand confesses, “I can’t help it. He is my favourite.”
He sounds guilty when he admits that only Bob Dylan is allowed to interfere with the café’s otherwise pure jazz soundtrack. “We haven’t diluted the music,” he pleads. “Every Thursday, we host a live jazz act. If I wanted any more gigs, you’d soon have some stupid DJ playing his rubbish house music here.”
The audience on Thursdays, says Niroomand, is almost 250-350 strong, many of whom are expats. Similar global influences are fast making Goa India’s jazz hub. As a result of foreign tourists and musicians making a beeline for Goa through the year, jazz guitarist Colin D’Cruz says that he often finds himself “performing to international audiences alongside international artists”. Part of almost 10 bands, D’Cruz argues that Goa’s numerous live music venues and its ability to nurture young talent will bolster jazz in the State, especially in comparison to the metros.
In most of the country’s metros, the dearth of venues comes coupled with another concern — are our audiences really interested?
Having started with shows in Indian cities, The Amit Chaudhuri Band has performed in several international jazz clubs and festivals.
The difference in reception, feels Chaudhuri, is stark. “Unlike Europe,” says the novelist, “people here feel it’s beneath their dignity to pay for live jazz. Half your audience will end up talking, and in venues like Blue Frog, you’ll inevitably compete with the sounds of cutlery.
This air of non-committal interest needs to change.” A distracted audience often makes sponsors reluctant. The Mumbai-based promoter Jazz Addicts usually has to struggle to fund its annual Jus’ Jazz festival. Co-founder Sunil Sampat explains, “Jazz is a bit like a good book. You have to concentrate to get something out of it. This is why audiences and sponsors are sometimes hard to come by. It’s almost intellectual really.”
Watch and learn
Too cerebral to compete against Yo Yo Honey Singh, jazz would perhaps never buy its musicians a Marine Drive flat. Worse still, it even finds it hard to provide the assurance of daily bread. Adrian D’souza, for instance, depends on Bollywood, pop covers and jingles to pay his bills, but never passes up an opportunity to play some jazz. A regular at jazz venues such as Pune’s Shisha and Bangalore’s BFlat Bar, the drummer confesses that even though he began playing jazz in 1992, he became a “jazz musician” only after moving to the US in 1998.
“I spent several evenings in New York’s jazz clubs and something just happened to me. I soaked an entire culture,” remembers the 42-year-old. Prescribing a stint in the US for all of India’s young jazz men, D’souza implores them to imagine the benefits a Californian tabla player would accrue after a month in Benares.
“That’s how you grow in New York.” Unknowingly, fellow drummer Tarun Balani paid heed to D’Souza. Only 19 at the time, Balani travelled to the Big Apple in 2005. During the three months he spent there as a Drummers Collective student, Balani hopped from one jazz concert to another jazz club. Coupled with his education, the opportunity to watch jazz greats like Wayne Shorter left the youngster with new resolve. He wanted to bring a slice of New York back with him to New Delhi.
“The idea was simple. I wanted India to have its own Drummers Collective. I knew of so many people who were just as deserving of such an experience.”
After graduating from the Berklee School of Music, Tarun Balani and his brother Aditya returned to Delhi and set up the Global Music Institute (GMI) in 2011. Though a city campus in Lajpat Nagar already accommodates 55-75 students a year, a newer GMI campus is also coming up in Noida’s Knowledge Park. According to Balani, “At least 70 per cent of our students are exposed to and interested in studying jazz.” The drummer feels that with the genres of rock and pop having peaked a decade ago, younger musicians are increasingly relying on jazz to better express their artistry. “Because jazz is flexible enough to accommodate different genres and because of its insistence on improvisation, I am certain that there will be many more musicians like me who will want to pursue this genre.”
Much like GMI, Mumbai’s True School of Music is also attracting a visiting international faculty that is helping the city stay in touch with a jazz that is contemporary. With modern jazz now just a YouTube video away, Indian aficionados have seemingly stopped counting on figures like Carlton Kitto for their succour.
When asked about the country’s jazz scene, they rattle off a list of names they promptly describe as “future greats” — the Balani brothers, pianists Sharik Hasan and Harmeet Manseta, saxophonist Rhys Sebastian and vocalist Ishita Chakravarty.
Interestingly, most of these musicians are still a long way away from hitting 40. As venues and audiences shrink the world over, jazz has become a Schrodinger’s cat; but buoyed by the calibre of a new generation, India doesn’t need to write its obituary just yet. Tarun Balani, for instance, finds hope in John Coltrane.
Besides naming his son after Pandit Ravi Shankar, the saxophonist had also given one of his tunes the name ‘India’. “Jazz and India, I’m convinced, will always go together very well.”
Shreevatsa Nevatia is a Kolkata-based writer
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
Related

Love jihad and BollywoodA comedy of errors: Uttar Pradesh chief minister AkhileshYadav recently accused actress and BJP politician Hema Malini of promoting ‘love jihad’ through her film Dharmatma (1975)
BUSINESS LINE Anna MM Vetticad
Most inter-community romances in Hindi cinema feature a Hindu man with a woman from a minority community. Is this a coincidence? Or closet patriarchal-communalism at work?
He’s not known for making cinematic references. The past month, though, has been an exception for Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav. Taking a potshot at the Sangh Parivar’s ‘love jihad’ campaign, Yadav asked at a public function whether Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MP and Bollywood actress Hema Malini was promoting ‘love jihad’ through the Indian-Afghan romance in her film Dharmatma (1975).
Is ‘love jihad’ actually happening? Let’s set aside that question for the moment to examine Yadav’s misplaced choice of film. Statements from the Sangh Parivar and from BJP leaders, in particular, define ‘love jihad’ as a conspiracy to lure Hindu women to Islam by getting Muslim men to feign love for them. In Dharmatma though, it was the man (played by Feroz Khan) who was a Hindu.
Yadav would be hard-pressed to find the reverse happening in any Bollywood film. For the truth is, most fictional inter-community romances in Hindi cinema have featured a Hindu man with a woman from a minority community. Is this a coincidence or closet patriarchal-communalism at work?
The answer comes from real life. Those who speak of ‘love jihad’ always speak of Hindu women (in some cases, Christian and Sikh women) being drawn to Muslim men. Why isn’t a gender reversal regarded as equally worrisome? Primarily because of our society’s deeply patriarchal notions of identity and religion, where a bride ‘leaves’ her family and — in the case of a mixed marriage — even her community, to adopt her husband’s name, faith and people. The resultant loss of a woman to another religious group, especially a much-hated one, wounds the community ego. For people who count the numbers in their fold too, it means a loss because she and her womb (for that is all a woman is worth to some people) are automatically assumed to now belong to the ‘other’. With prevailing proprietorial attitudes, a woman’s ability to choose a partner is considered questionable; her right to choose her partner or her religion is ignored.
In the real world, Hindus, Sikhs and Christians find themselves on the same side of this battle, possibly because (let’s not mince words here) a majority of them view Muslims with fear and even greater suspicion than they view each other. Hindi filmmakers, however, seem focused on offering reassurances to their Hindu audience alone while telling inter-community romantic tales.
Nearly 30 years after Dharmatma, Yash Chopra’s Veer-Zaara (2004) narrated the story of the Hindu Indian boy Veer Pratap Singh (Shah Rukh Khan) and the Pakistani Muslim girl Zaara Haayat Khan (Preity Zinta). Couched in fluttering chiffons was the fact that Zaara moves to India, where the lovers are ultimately re-united. The film was a box-office success, and it’s hard not to wonder how most Indian viewers would have reacted to a mainstream commercial film in which an Indian Hindu girl moves to Pakistan for her Muslim lover.
The Hindu-boy-Muslim-girl liaison was a constant in Mani Ratnam’s Bombay (1995), not a Bollywood film but dubbed from Tamil, Shaad Ali’s Jhoom Barabar Jhoom (2007), Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s Saawariya (2007), Habib Faisal’s Ishaqzaade (2012) and pretty much every fictitious Hindu-Muslim romance that comes to mind.
Not for a moment is this column suggesting that the directors of these films are communal. Evidently though, they are playing it safe by catering to the overt or covert, conscious or subconscious, perceived or real patriarchal-communalism of majority community members in the audience. Clearly, most Hindi filmmakers consider a Muslim-boy-Hindu-girl romance too hot to handle. When they do portray inter-community romances, they opt for subtle populism reassuring communal viewers — and even non-communal ones weighed down by subconscious prejudices and fears — that they need not worry: ‘our girl’ is not lost to ‘them’; instead ‘their girl’ has come over to ‘us’.
Rensil D’silva’s Kurbaan (2009) was uncommon and seemingly revolutionary in this regard since Kareena Kapoor played a Hindu girl who falls in love with a Muslim (Saif Ali Khan) in the film. Kurbaan even featured a wonderfully frank conversation between the girl’s father and the boy regarding the old man’s reservations about his daughter marrying a Muslim. The scene brought into the open the actual concerns such liaisons would invite in most Indian families. And then Saif’s character turns out to be a terrorist. If you view the film in isolation, that’s perfectly acceptable. If you look at it in the context of Bollywood’s track record in this matter, you will see why the writer here deemed it acceptable — even necessary — to make an exception in this film, and make the woman the Hindu partner in the relationship for a change.
Hindu-Christian Bollywood romances are as rare as Hindu-Muslim affairs, but these too have stuck to a formula: Hindu–hero, Christian–heroine. Think Bobby (1973), Julie (1975), Ankhiyon ke Jharokon Se (1978) or, more recently, Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahaani (2009), Cocktail (2012) and Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu (2012).
It would be easy to pretend that this trend is a mere coincidence, or to cite exceptions to counter the argument being made, or to accuse columnists of a cynical over-analysis of innocent entertainment. Let’s not be naïve or lie to ourselves, please. Bollywood and its viewers would do well to introspect about the patriarchal-communalism evident in these ‘coincidences’. The last thing this country needs is for its film industries to unwittingly support off-screen bigotry.
(Anna MM Vetticad is the author of The Adventures of an Intrepid Film Critic)
Follow her on Twitter @annavetticad
(This article was published on September 5, 2014)
Related

Now  Send Money Using Only Mobile NumberYou are here: Home Corporates
Now, Send Money Using Only Mobile Number
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 00:40 (IST)
US-Based Gilead Licenses Hepatitis C Drug to Cipla, Ranbaxy, 5 Others
Mumbai: ICICI Bank on Wednesday launched a facility under which an account holder can transfer money to a mobile phone user in the country even without the latter having an account with any lender.
A customer having a savings account with ICICI Bank can initiate a fund transfer using online banking by providing only the mobile number and address of the beneficiary, the country's largest private lender said in a statement.
For availing of funds under the 'Cardless Cash Withdrawal' scheme, the beneficiary need not have an account with any bank, it said.
A secure six-digit code gets sent to the mobile number of the beneficiary, who can then withdraw the amount from any of the lender's 10,000 ATMs using that number, the statement noted.
The money has to be withdrawn within two days of transfer.
"We foresee tremendous growth potential in the usage of electronic payments. This innovative service will further empower our customers as well as their families and friends by giving access to instant money even without having a bank account or a debit card," ICICI Bank executive director Rajiv Sabharwal said.
Story first published on: September 10, 2014 23:48 (IST)

Rupee slips to lowest in a monthBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

A jihadi battle of brandsUpdated: September 11, 2014 00:50 IST
A jihadi battle of brands
Bernard Haykel
unrest, conflicts and war
Differences understood to be ideological and tactical acquire real urgency in the jihadi world when one group is perceived to be more successful in its strategy and propaganda. And here success is measured in terms of military victory, which ISIS has recently achieved whereas al-Qaeda has not
On September 3, al-Qaeda’s media arm, al-Sahab Media, released one of the strangest videos in the movement’s history, announcing the formation of a new branch of “al-Qaeda in the South Asian Subcontinent.” Strange, because of the panicked tone of the three separate statements in the video, and because its content has very little to do with South Asia. The first statement in the video is by al-Qaeda’s notably uncharismatic leader Ayman al-Zawahiri, who essentially rehashes the virtues and importance of armed struggle (jihad) against the United States, which he labels “the global order of unbelief,” and reaffirms, repeatedly, loyalty to Mullah Umar, the leader of the Afghan Taliban. The video betrays a deep anxiety among al-Qaeda’s original leadership about its future as the guiding movement in the global jihad.
Competition for relevance
This anxiety is no doubt due to the stiff competition al-Qaeda now faces from the newly established Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), a self-proclaimed caliphate occupying territory in Iraq and Syria and until recently notching up a series of spectacular military successes. One should not take al-Qaeda’s video’s claims at face value: it has little to do with India or even South Asia, and consists of a cheap propaganda effort to maintain relevance in the dynamic world of jihadism and the competition for relevance, recruits and funding. More specifically, the video represents the latest salvo in a fierce conflict between jihadi groups as to which of these is the true heir to Osama bin Laden’s political and ideological legacy. Is it to be the hyper-violent ISIS that deliberately targets fellow Muslims along with all others, or is it the older al-Qaeda movement with its branches, which assert that violence must be measured and calculated and mostly directed at non-Muslims?
“For al-Qaeda, as for any fundamentalist religious movement, India’s diversity will always represent a bitter pill to swallow”
At nearly 56 minutes in length, the recent video release actually consists of three separate statements in two language versions — one in Arabic and one in Urdu — and both have been posted on YouTube.com, which is the main medium for their distribution. Aside from Ayman al-Zawahiri, the two other speakers are Ustadh Usama Mahmud and Shaykh Asim Umar, respectively al-Qaeda in South Asia’s “official spokesman” and “military commander.” The latter two are South Asians, but little else is known about them other than that they master spoken classical Arabic, which indicates that they are seminary educated and have probably spent considerable time studying in the Arab world. The video begins with a short speech by the late Osama bin Laden about al-Qaeda redrawing the map of the world with the aim of creating a unitary Islamic state under the caliphate — a Utopian political order that ceased to exist formally in 1258 when Baghdad was sacked by the Mongols. Bin Laden’s clip is intended to underscore that al-Zawahiri and his followers are indeed the true heirs of the global jihadi movement, and not the upstart ISIS. The video then announces and celebrates the formation of a new branch: Al-Qaeda in South Asia (AQSA) whose full Arabic name translates literally as “The Base for Armed Struggle in the South Asian Subcontinent.” This is an odd name because the purist jihadis prefer traditional geographical labels, such as al-Sham for Syria, Khorasan for Iran and Central Asia, Bilad al-Haramayn for Arabia, al-Hind or Hindustan for India, and not those of British vintage such as “the South Asian Subcontinent.” One suspects the choice has to do with the jihadis not wanting to use anything that approximates the word Hindu, or a name that would offend radical Pakistani sensibilities, and thus opted for the British designation instead.
The local enemy
The competition between al-Qaeda and ISIS is not new. It dates back to at least 2005 when the precursor organisation to ISIS, al-Qaeda in Mesopotamia, then headed by the murderous Abu Musab al-Zarqawi (d. 2006), refused to abide by al-Qaeda’s command to stop the senseless and deliberate killing of ordinary Shiites and the indiscriminate use of suicide bombing in the Iraqi conflict. ISIS, as the heir to Zarqawi’s teachings, sees the enemy as first and foremost being the local people, including Muslims, who do not share its views, and not the more distant “imperialist” powers such as the U.S. or India. The fight against the latter is deferred for a time after the caliphate has been established in the central lands of Islam, or in other words West Asia. Although such differences can be understood to be ideological and tactical, these acquire real urgency in the jihadi world when one group is perceived to be more successful in its strategy and propaganda. And here success is measured in terms of military victory, which ISIS has recently achieved whereas al-Qaeda has not. Furthermore, there are real world implications to such accomplishments in terms of each movement’s propaganda appeal among the global Muslim audience, the capacity to recruit fighters and to raise funds for the cause. By each of these measures, al-Qaeda has been on a losing streak, and its leadership has been ineffective since the death of Osama bin Laden in 2011. One gauge of this failure is the meagre viewership of the recently released video on the formation of AQSA: the Arabic version has garnered 3,500 viewers and the Urdu less than 1,000 on YouTube as of this writing. Moreover, there has been relatively little discussion of, and commentary on, the formation of AQSA on the social media services Twitter and Facebook, which are the dominant forums today for political debate and discussion in the Arab and Muslim worlds. Clearly, much has changed in the world since 2005 and this can be further gleaned from the numerous jihadi groups, in Syria, Egypt and elsewhere, that are rallying to ISIS’ side and effectively abandoning al-Qaeda.
Afghan angle
Returning to the content of the recently released al-Qaeda video, it is notable that there are few references, and almost no discussion of the events and dynamics in South Asia. A list of names is mentioned by the speakers by way of highlighting the forebears of the new branch of al-Qaeda in South Asia, including various dead jihadis from Pakistan and most notably the historical 19th-century Muslim warriors, Sayyid Ahmad Shahid and Shah Ismail Shahid, who fought and were defeated by the Sikhs in the North-West Frontier Province in 1831. This rapid listing of names and the brief mention of Ahmedabad and Gujarat, Kashmir and even Assam and Myanmar appears gratuitous and insincere. However, the three speakers emphasise repeatedly their loyalty towards Mullah Umar, the Taliban leader in Afghanistan. It is as if al-Qaeda’s leadership is worried that its erstwhile ally might abandon it (perhaps in favour of ISIS) and then find itself without a protector on the Afghan-Pakistani frontier region.
Al-Qaeda could have said much more about Muslims and Islam in South Asia or even about the Hindus, who are only mentioned once in a shamefully derisive manner towards the very end of the video. Avoiding such topics is deliberate, not least because the historically dominant form of Islam in India, which is strongly inflected by Sufism and somewhat syncretistic, is inimical to al-Qaeda’s ideology and teachings. Even the Salafis in India, the otherwise named Ahl-e Hadis, among whom I have done extensive fieldwork research in such places as Batla House and in Old Delhi, are committed to an Indian nationalistic agenda, and readily participate in electoral politics. Indian Islam, in other words, does not fit the rigid categories that al-Qaeda would like to impose on the wider world of Muslim belief and practice. Hence, it is better for al-Qaeda not to delve into such matters for fear of losing further credibility and audience share. It is challenging enough to have to contend with the threat that ISIS poses, and it would be suicidal to have to argue also with the Barelavis, the Deobandis, the traditional Hanafis, the Ahl-e Hadis and the Sufis. For al-Qaeda, as for any fundamentalist religious movement, India’s diversity will always represent a bitter pill to swallow.
If it is careless, India can play a negative role in the outcome of this morbid competition between various jihadi groups. Should New Delhi engage al-Qaeda by, for example, giving importance to statements such as those in this video release, it will give credence to al-Qaeda’s claims to being the true vanguard of the jihad against the unbelievers. Al-Qaeda’s central leadership desires nothing more than for India to react seriously to its statements, since nothing will burnish better its fading claims and designate it the standard-bearer of jihad. As such, it is important for India to proceed with careful deliberation and an understanding of what is at stake, namely that al-Qaeda is seeing its fortunes sink and that its heyday has long since past.
(Bernard Haykel is Professor of Near Eastern Studies at Princeton University, U.S.)

Chacha Modi or forging the Great Avuncular LeaderBharat Bhushan |  Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 09:46 PM IST
Bharat Bhushan: Chacha Modi or forging the Great Avuncular Leader
Narendra Modi seems convinced that the leadership of India is his calling
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is preparing to address the nation on the radio twice a month. This comes after his promoting himself to a captive audience of school children on Teachers' Day. An exercise is on to solicit the opinion of the Twitterati whether the radio address should be on every second and fourth Sunday of the month or on some other suitable days. One way of looking at this move will be that Modi needs to share his world view with the people of this country directly - without any mediation or distortion.
US President Franklin D Roosevelt pioneered the direct broadcast to the nation. Between 1933 and 1944, thirty "fireside chats" were broadcast over the radio by Roosevelt, helping him to explain his social policies to the American people through intimate and direct communication. The radio, it is said, was preferred by Roosevelt because it allowed him to hide from public eyes his disabilities from polio. However, subsequent US presidents have also followed Roosevelt in periodic and some even in regular weekly radio broadcasts to the nation.
Yet the question persists; why does Modi need to do this when he already has an army of Twitter handlers in his employ and a media that is bending over backwards to please him? First of all, this mode of communication will distinctly set him apart from his peers. There also seems to be a yearning to project himself as a charismatic leader of exceptional personal qualities, heroic accomplishments and extraordinary insight into Indian society and ways to transform it.
Analyse each incident of Modi's public communication, and one finds that the attempt is to set him apart from others. The architecture of power is always skewed in his favour in these public events. Whether addressing the nation from the Red Fort, or meeting his Council of Ministers and party MPs while sitting on a single chair on a raised podium. Commandeering an obedient audience of schoolchildren was a masterstroke since Indian schoolchildren almost naturally respect and fawn on authority. The questions asked by the children seemed so rehearsed as to make the exercise of "consultation" all about Modi himself.
The emphasis on his origins as a tea-vendor's son is meant to project him as an exemplary achiever. But is he the only one in that league? Consider that Prime Minister Lal Bahadur Shastri's father started as a low-paid school teacher who later became a revenue clerk at Allahabad in a bid to improve his financial prospects. He died when Shastri was only a year old. In Shastri, we have had a prime minister who was raised by a single, unemployed mother. Prime Minister Morarji Desai's father was a poor school teacher in Bhadeli village in Bulsar in Gujarat who had to raise eight children. Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's father was a refugee from Pakistan who became a dry-fruit seller in Amritsar and because of his wife's untimely death, he had to send his son to be raised by his grandmother. This boy from a poor family not only went on to do an Economics Tripos from Cambridge University but also a D Phil from Oxford - all on merit scholarships.
Millions of Indians from most walks of life have risen and continue to rise from poverty, deprivation and non-urban backgrounds. We take our hard work and its rewards in our stride whether we are sons or daughters of daily wage earners, railway vendors, poor farmers, fishermen, farm labourers, plumbers, electricians, shopkeepers, low-paid teachers or clerks. Why then does only Modi feel the need to wear his parental profession on his sleeve? Why does this make him an exception, a hero with exemplary achievements who stands above his peers?
It could be to distinguish himself from those who have inherited political leadership - more particularly, those of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty. However, that battle was won the day Modi became the prime minister. The reasons for Modi's self-projection, therefore, have to be sought elsewhere.
Modi perhaps knows better than anyone else that his last electoral win was only partly because of his persona. Modi also won because of the misrule of the previous government, its weak leadership, a declining economy in which the corporate sector felt as if it were under an existential threat and ordinary citizens looking at a dismal future with shrinking incomes, rising prices and looming unemployment. In the face of the hype created about Modi's achievements in Gujarat, the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chose him as the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)'s prime ministerial candidate since it felt there was no other option. This is not to undermine Modi's electoral achievement but merely to point out that there were strong contextual forces propelling him forward.
The next general election, however, will not be about the Nehru-Gandhi family or its direct or indirect misrule. Modi must be acutely aware that it will be a truly plebiscitary election - about his persona and leadership. Strategically, he will want it that way since it rules out any challengers by 2019, both within the BJP and within the polity. Therefore, he needs to convert his prime mastership into an unchallengeable brand over the next five years.
His high centralised manner of functioning will ensure that responsibility for success or failure of the government will be laid on his doorstep. Because he wants to succeed, he will pursue an agenda that is his own and not that of the party or the RSS. If it benefits any interest group, that will be because Modi thinks it helps increase his prestige and entrench him as a leader. He is already emerging as an extraordinarily independent decision-making authority - ministers either wait for him to take decisions for them or try and second-guess what will please him.
Modi's leadership style within the government and the party is essentially based on coercive power, which is highly personalised. It is not socialised power - it involves acceptance and fear, but not respect. Not tempered by the perspective of his peers, it grows at their cost - as Modi grows, they shrink.
Modi may feel answerable to only himself but to legitimise his style of functioning, he has to project that he has the confidence of the people. His communications strategy - whether on radio or elsewhere - is aimed at creating the impression that he is intimately connected to the people, that his actions are governed by their views. It is aimed at eliciting their trust and forging an emotional link with them. But in effect, it is he who wants to create public opinion - his leadership will not be a result of what the citizens think but the other way round. He seems convinced that the leadership of India is his calling and that he already is or can grow into a charismatic leader who knows what is good for the public.
By trying to create a charisma around his persona, however, the coercive aspect of his relationship with his peers and the public will only be reinforced. Unequal communication where only Modi is in monologue, orchestrated events in India or abroad of his playing the drums in Japan or playing the flute with schoolchildren and pulling the ears of a child playfully are all picture opportunities aimed at eliciting flattery and praise and creating the image of an extraordinary people's leader. Soon, there will be pictures of him shaking hands with US President Barack Obama and other world leaders. The carefully crafted images of the acceptance of his leadership on the international stage, he hopes, will shape opinion within the country too.
However, the downside of this pursuit of charismatic leadership is that it is also contextual. If the economy does well, social relations remain harmonious and India develops into an equitable and just society, the charismatic image that Modi seeks to invent around himself might survive. If things go wrong, however, then one has seen what happened to an Indira Gandhi, who had unquestioned charisma in 1972 but had lost her halo by 1977. Or, one can see what has happened to the once charismatic Obama within seven years of riding high to the US presidency. Meanwhile, however, Modi will have perhaps transformed the way a leader elected in desperate times relates with the public.
The writer is a journalist based in Delhi
 Advertisements

Kidde recalls 1.3 million smoke alarms because of alarm failureKidde recalls 1.3 million smoke alarms because of alarm failure
Reuters
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Walter Kidde Portable Equipment Inc is recalling about 1.3 million smoke alarms and combination smoke and carbon monoxide alarms because they can fail following a power outage, the Consumer Product Safety Commission said on Thursday.
The recall by the Mebane, North Carolina, company involves about 1.2 million alarms in the United States and about 112,000 in Canada, the commission said in a statement.
Three models of smoke and of combination smoke and carbon monoxide alarms that are hard-wired into a home's electrical system are being recalled, it said. The alarms were made in China.
No incidents or injuries have been reported. They were sold at retailers and online from January through July for between $30 and $50.
(Reporting by Ian Simpson; Editing by Sandra Maler)

Salman Khan booked for  hurting  religious sentimentsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Punter s Diary is back! Follow punter on twitter @punterDiary on Monday  July 08  2002So wrote Punter on Monday, July 08, 2002
India Infoline News Service | Mumbai | September 11, 2014 19:05 IST
Away in the US, punters celebrated missile free independence day. The strength with which Dow and NASDAQ rebounded is indeed interesting.
 
 
Dhirubhai is immortal in the hearts of punters in this country. I pay my homage and pray that his soul rests in peace and his scions take the spirit of enterprise to even greater heights. 
Away in the US, punters celebrated missile free independence day. The strength with which Dow and NASDAQ rebounded is indeed interesting. 
Old economy is going great guns. Amongst my portfolio stocks, I plan to sack Tata Tea and pick up some more of Auto, Steel and Paper.
When It's About Money: Don't just save for your child's education
India Infoline News Service / 08:59, Sep 15, 2014
Many a times parents overlook other goals as they are too busy focusing on just one goal, that is on their child's education. They are too emotionally involved in achieving this particular goal that they forget planning for their retirement and saving for other emergencies.
Accountancy Advertising Budget Commerce Derivatives Economics Finance General Mgmt. HR Mgmt. IT Marketing Material Mgmt.
Stocks:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mutual Funds:
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Insurance:
Disclaimer Disclaimer - Research Disclaimer - Discussion Boards Disclaimer - Chat Disclaimer - Twitter Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy
ATTENTION INVESTORS - "Prevent Unauthorized Transactions in your demat / trading account --> Update your Mobile Number/ email Id with your stock broker / Depository Participant. Receive information of your transactions directly from Exchanges on your mobile / email at the end of day and alerts on your registered mobile for all debits and other important transactions in your demat account directly from NSDL/ CDSL on the same day." - Issued in the interest of investors.
"KYC is one time exercise while dealing in securities markets - once KYC is done through a SEBI registered intermediary (broker, DP, Mutual Fund etc.), you need not undergo the same process again when you approach another intermediary."
www.indiainfoline.com is part of the IIFL Group, a leading financial services player and a diversified NBFC. The site provides comprehensive and real time information on Indian corporates, sectors, financial markets and economy. On the site we feature industry and political leaders, entrepreneurs, and trend setters. The research, personal finance and market tutorial sections are widely followed by students, academia, corporates and investors among others.
Copyright © India Infoline Ltd. All rights Reserved.
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. SEBI Regn. No. : INB231097537/ INF231097537/ INE231097537,
Bombay Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.:INB011097533/ INF011097533/ INE011097533,
MCX Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INB261097530/ INF261097530/ INE261097537,
United Stock Exchange Ltd. SEBI Regn. No.: INE271097532,
5

Hewlett-Packard fined $58.7 Million for bribery of Russian governmentBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Educate farmers  lower cultivation cost: Radha MohanYou are here: Home > Collections > Farmers
Cost of cultivation will come down when farmers get educated, says Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh
Himangshu Watts & Madhvi Sally, ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 05.07AM IST
Tags:
Agriculture Minister
(Cost of cultivation will…)
Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh expects many parts of India to increase productivity by 50 per cent-100 per cent with the optimum use of fertilizers, after scientific analysis of farmland, better seeds and irrigation. He is also determined to increase production of oilseeds to reduce the import of vegetable oils that cost the country about Rs 60,000 crore a year. In an interview with ET's Madhvi Sally and Himangshu Watts, the minister also spoke about how the urea subsidy can be cut by 25 per cent with proper use of fertilisers after chemical analysis of the soil. Edited excerpts:
How will you balance the farmer's demand to get higher prices and the consumer's concern of food inflation?
We need to raise crop yields and reduce the farmer's expenditure on farming. This will give good returns to farmers and also ensure consumers get affordable rates. Cost of cultivation will come down when the farmer is educated. We are issuing soil health cards to help him know exactly how much fertiliser is needed. We will set up soil health labs across the country and even provide mobile labs. We will also give best quality seeds to farmers and improve water availability.
What will be the impact on production?
This will have dual benefit. Urea subsidy is Rs 80,000 crore. Its consumption will come down by 20 per cent-25 per cent after farmers know they need not use too much of it. Secondly, with proper use of fertilisers and better seeds, production can increase by 50 per cent to 100 per cent. In some pockets, productivity has already doubled but this has to happen across the country. States like Gujarat have already demonstrated how yields can jump. Availability of water also helps. If you look at Punjab, which has the maximum deficit rainfall this year, it has seen higher kharif planting than previous year due to good irrigation.
Don't we have good high-yield variety seed in the country?
It is there but the speed to move them from labs to land is slow. We have just notified 48 new variety of seeds and will ensure they are in fields soon. We also want officials from universities, research institutes and agriculture students to go to fields and help make a policy on that.
How do you see agriculture growth?
This year, since our government has been formed, there was a dry phase and then floods. This is a big challenge. But crop planting has improved a lot. We will know the final picture later.
In 2019, when you go in public, what are you aiming to show?
The year 2019 is far away. In next one year you will see that mobile laboratory will start issuing soil health cards. In next 2-3 months, we will launch a national organic farming scheme for the country. You will see growth in organic farming.
There is, however, a problem of small and marginal farms where mechanisation is a challenge. How do you plan to help this segment?
Small and marginal farmers account to 86 per cent in the country. Irrigated land only accounts to 44 per cent, with most small farmers don't have irrigation services. We will focus on farmers with land of one acre and less and hence include small farmers in our fold. Our aim is to come with policies which help increase farmers' income.
How much will the erratic monsoon rains impact the kharif production?
Initially, we were concerned when there was deficit. Current data till September 5 shows there is 3 per cent less sowing than previous year. In some districts in some states there will be some impact. Sowing will continue till September 15 and I expect that sowing will be similar to the previous year.
Will this impact production?
When the season started, we all thought sowing might not even be 50 per cent, but now it is much better. Only at later stage we can get to know what production will be. So, we have to wait for the figures to come.
FEATURED ARTICLES

We have a dedicated strategy in India: Mary Barra  CEO General MotorsChevrolet
(Mary Barra, GMs’ first…)
Mary Barra, General Motors' first woman CEO, says the auto maker isn't bothered about the past and is focused on the future. In an interaction with the media in New Delhi - held between two meetings she had with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Commerce Minister Nirmala Seetharaman - the 34-year GM veteran fielded questions with elan. When asked what went wrong with GM in India, with a less than 3per cent market share after 18 years and $1 billion of investment, she said "a lot of things went right too in India".
Striving to make a new beginning in Indian operations that have been plagued with alleged technical fudging and safety recalls, Barra said GM plans to start afresh with the Indian unit as an export base, shipping its first car to Chile. Exports to Mexico and Colombia are also on the cards. Edited excerpts:
On General Motors in India and the way forward...
It starts with putting customers at the centre. In India, they have great options and choices. We came to India with vehicles that are great in quality and also bear a good life-time experience.
We were one of the foremost auto makers to start assembly operations as early as 1928 in India. Our two plants in Halol in Gujarat and Talegaon in Maharashtra have seen a cumulative investment of over $1 billion. We have put efforts in India to develop new products with a technical centre for not just the local market but also for global applications. We make sure we understand the customers and develop the right vehicles.
We want GM to be a highly respected, valued company in India and also globally with year after year of growth. We had our global chairman Tim Solso and head of international operations Stefan Jacoby, along with our CFO (Chuck Stevens), in India to demonstrate our commitment and belief in India's future.
On charges of corporate fraud against the company and the strategy to bring back confidence to the Indian unit...
India is a key strategic market with a great opportunity from the market perspective. There is a huge focus to improve quality across the market we operate in. Our global team visited the Indian plants to improve the quality of our vehicles and product assessment to bring some dramatic improvements.
General Motors operations have seen some quality issues and the integrity of vehicles that were the result of the decisions taken many years ago. We are looking forward to deal with the situation just like in America where we are taking it very straight forward and did the right thing.
On new initiatives...
We have a relatively new leadership team in India with Stefan (Jacoby) in charge. We are really focused and have put five key initiatives globally and for the Indian market. The customers as the main centre of our operations are there for the entire lifetime. We understand the importance of brands that grow with the customer.
Our global brands are Chevrolet and Cadillac. In India, we are here with Chevrolet that is a great brand in terms of value and we want to introduce model after model and products in this brand. We also want to be a leader in technology and innovation that truly create value for the customer in terms of fuel efficiency or safety or connectivity and any aspect of the vehicle.
Future product lineup...
We plan to introduce 40 new products across the international market, including India. We would be brining 14 new products in the US and 27 models in the Opel brand in the European market. Also, we plan to bring 17 new and upgraded models in China. On GM India's strategy to bring
Chinese vehicles from partner Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation (SAIC), a step that has not fared well...
We have a significant partnership still with SAIC in China. And we assessed and in that cases we did not have the right focus in understanding the right product to the Indian market. We had some quality challenges that have been assessed. We have not closed the books. We have a wealth of products in the General Motors family and need to identify the future models. I'm not here to make any product announcement today. We are here to drive success for the entire company including India that makes us a strong organisation globally.
  India's contribution to overall volumes...
We see it as a significant market as the industry is going to grow. We think there is an opportunity to grow and we are here to evaluate, also from an overall share perspective as well. We don't have any specific targets.
On transformation at GM...
We have a very strong leadership team. We have a good balance sheet. We have showed across markets that we have superior products. We have a well-defined game plan. In India, we have a dedicated strategy.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See Aug CPI at mid 7%  RBI action 12-month away:Taimur Baig08:00 am
The Reserve Bank of India has set an 8 percent target for January 2015 consumer price inflation (CPI), which can be met easily, says Taimur Baig, Chief Economist, Asia, Global Markets Research at Deutsche Bank AG. He, however, thinks RBI's 6 percent target for January 2016 may be a tall order. For the month of August, he expects core CPI to come in at mid 7 percent level, in line with a CNBC-TV18 poll.
When asked about the possibility of a rate cut at a time when rupee has been visibly stable, crude prices have been on a decline and current account deficit appears controlled, Baig said the RBI has been very transparent in its forecasts and will not take any action untill the next 12 months.
Also read: July IIP may slip to 1.7%; Aug CPI seen at 7.7%: Poll
Below is the transcript of Taimur Baig’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh
Q: All eyes are on the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) and consumer price index (CPI) numbers, what do you think the inflation number might tell us? Today I am reading a lot of reports that even globally food prices are at four year lows, barring dairy products everything else has dipped significantly. How do you think the food inflation will pan out and how do you think the overall consumer inflation will pan out today?
A: We have a fairly decent idea of how the month of August was, July was terrible for food. In the first couple of weeks of August it was also not very good but then we have seen significant softening of wide range of food products across India in the second half of August. So one should not be too worried about what happens on the food side of the index. We probably would still be in the high 7 percent on the CPI inflation headline side. So that is not going to give us any greater clarity as to what the RBI thinks about inflation or whether the inflation target is at risk or safe. So it will be just another data point which shows that the food prices are elevated but their rate of change has eased.
Q: What is your expectation on the core inflation front, we saw a fairly decent number last time, it fell to 7.4 percent thereabouts. Do you think that we could see further falls in core inflation, none food consumer inflation?
A: Inflation phenomenon in India has actually been driven by what happens on headline, whether it drags up or drags down core. So as long as we see no major big year-on-year decline on the headline side, it is hard to expect a major easing of the core inflation. So mid 7 percent is what we expect, not much change in this months dynamics.
Now the headline side of course there is as you correctly alluded there it is global dynamics at play. Oil is a very big positive if you will that as far as disinflationary pressures in the fourth quarter of this year is concerned it will probably come from the commodity side. Minerals, metals, fuels and so on. It hasn’t been a major source of upside risk already for the last few months but to that extent it can even become some sort of a deflationary source or disinflationary source for the CPI, that is good news. 
Q: In the past years in 2011, 2012, big burst in vegetable prices very quickly became an overall food inflation. So vegetables to food to general inflation, overall inflation passed on very quickly because of specific triggers global food prices were higher, rural wages in India were rising because of the NREGS effect and of course crude continued to continuously tick higher. Do you think this time we have a very good chance that this vegetable inflation won’t become a general food inflation and food inflation won’t become a generalised inflation expectations rise?
A: I think the Reserve Bank of India stance and the fact that we don’t have any major wage adjustment taking place in the rural areas will certainly address some of the previous problems that we have had where you had a bit of a wage price spiral. Every single spike was accommodated and that became further source of inflation. But these are early days, one should not be too excited. Mind you two-three months ago we were also looking at a fairly easy summer of inflation and then the vegetable price issue came up and it spoiled the entire picture.
We do have excessive rains which is a new twist now to the entire food dynamics which is taking place. I just read about how walnut prices are going up because of floods in Kashmir. So one has to weigh various factors that are in play. I think we can be fairly comfortable about what is happening on the fuel side and given what has happened in the second half of August one can be somewhat comfortable on the food side but this is not by any means going to be an inflation data print that will fundamentally alter our view or make us extremely comfortable on the inflation outlook.
RELATED NEWS

Microsoft  SAP bring cloud and mobile partnership to IndiaBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Secular triggers  may take Nifty to 8300 levels: InvestWorks08:00 am
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Reema Tendulkar, Gopi Suvanam of InvestWorks says that the upside is broadly over for Bank Nifty at the moment, especially for private sector banks.
However, secular triggers may move Bank Nifty up at least 3-4 percent from current levels and thereby push Nifty to 8300 levels, says Suvanam.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: How would you approach the banking stocks and any trade that you would recommend?
A: I feel Nifty will be broadly determined by what happens in Bank Nifty and there are broadly two areas, asset quality and inflation. We will not get any clarity on asset quality for at least a month, may be we will start getting some information next month but inflation is something that we should keenly keep an eye on and bond yields. I believe that the upside is broadly over for Bank Nifty at the moment especially for private sector banks. So I am not really bullish on Nifty at the moment because of that reason but if there is any secular kind of trigger that could make Bank Nifty move up at least 3-4 percent from here then that could take Nifty to 8300 levels.
For full interview, watch the video
RELATED NEWS

Maruti Suzuki to roll out LCV project on limited scaleMaruti Suzuki to roll out LCV project on limited scale
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 12:36 IST
A worker is reflected on the body of a Maruti Suzuki car as he locks the door of another car at a Maruti Suzuki stockyard in Gujarat (Photo: Reuters)
Maruti Suzuki India, the country's largest car maker, plans to roll out its light commercial vehicles (LCV) project on a limited scale, a top company executive said on Friday.
"We will begin the LCV project on a very limited scale and take the initiative forward by understanding the marketing and sales experience. We will slowly roll out it as we do not want to rush into it. The commercial vehicle sector is a new sector for us," Maruti Suzuki India (MSI) Chairman RC Bhargava said on the sidelines of SIAM Annual Convention.
In an August interview to PTI, he had said Maruti plans to launch one ton LCV, which is in the same segment as Tata Ace and Mahindra Gio and Ashok Leyland's Dost, by next year.
MSI will have a separate sales and service network for the LCV.
"We are in the process of setting up sales and distribution network for LCV because you cannot sell LCVs and cars from the same outlets. The customers are different, facilities required are different," he had said.
When asked what kind of growth he expects this year, Bhargava said, "I expect that our company will continue to grow in double digits this year."
Bhargava also remained bullish about festive season sales. He said, "Normally we see an improvement 20-25 per cent in sales during the festive season so we expect that the trend will continue this year also."
He also expressed satisfaction on the functioning of the Narendra Modi government.
"I think the government has made a very good beginning, but this is totally unrealistic (to expect a quick revival), as the economy had really gone into such a decline over a period of time and so many ills had crept into the entire system...lack of governance, lack of implementation... So it will take much longer than 2-3 months to bring about a change," he said.
When asked about the discounting trend followed by the industry to push sales, he said, "While we are growing at double digits, rest of industry is not growing so well. And there are many companies which are not growing at all. if there is discounting being done by some companies then other have to follow suit."
On the company's upcoming model Ciaz in mid-sized sedan segment, Bhargava said, "We hope this car will do better than what we have achieved in the past."
When asked if the company has set a voting date to get nod from its minority shareholders' to let parent Suzuki Motor Corp own and invest in its Gujarat facility , he said, "We have not yet determined the date of voting."

See Aug CPI at 7.9%  July IIP at 1.5-1.7%: Kotak Mah BankLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See Aug CPI at 7.9%, July IIP at 1.5-1.7%: Kotak Mah Bank
Both macro-economic data points will be released post market hours today
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Consumer price index (CPI) for August may soften to 7.7 percent, while the index of industrial production (IIP) for July is likely to fall to 1.7 percent, says a CNBC-TV18 poll .
Both the macro-economic data points will be released post market hours today and between, the CPI will be crucially watched even from a bond market perspective.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Indranil Pan, Chief Economist, Kotak Mahindra Bank , said he expects the August headline CPI at around 7.9 percent, almost unchanged from the previous number. Even for core, he expects the numbers to be unchanged at around 7.4 percent.
July CPI stood close to 8 percent . The estimate is 7.7 percent versus 7.96 percent, which is a still flattish figure, but lesser on a month on month basis. There are expectations of softening because of the base effect as it was 9.5 percent in August 2013 versus 9.6 percent in July 2013. So, this favourable base effect could continue till November.
“We definitely have the base effect intact but unfortunately, the previous month when the Street was expecting the number broadly at around 7.3 percent zone, there has been a sudden uptick. But the base effect is definitely there and we continue to see it acting positively on a year-on-year basis. And that should come down at least by November,” Pan said.
He expects July IIP numbers at 1.5-1.7 percent. “We do have a positive bias in terms of manufacturing sector index, if that moves up. But unfortunately for the similar month last year, base effect was relatively adverse for the segment,” he said.
The June IIP data came in at 3.4 percent against 5 percent on a month-on-month basis. The electricity sector grew at 15.7 percent, whereas the capital goods sector showed a tremendous growth at 23 percent on a month-on-month basis. The mining sector growth came in at 4.3 percent, while consumer goods contracted 10 percent versus 3.7 percent. Manufacturing came in at 1.8 percent against 4.8 percent (M-o-M).
Pan sees electricity to drop to a certain extent, at around 11.2 percent, from previous month’s growth numbers, determined by the core figure.
“Overall I think in terms of the direction for industrial production, it may actually be too early to talk about an immediate significant upswing in these numbers,” he said.
RELATED NEWS

Assembly poll dates for Maharashtra  Haryana likely to be announced today#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #haryana assembly elections 2014 #jharkhand assembly elections 2014 #jammu and kashmir assembly elections 2014 #assembly elections 2014
New Delhi: The Election Commission is likely to announce the dates for Assembly polls in Maharashtra, Haryana on Friday.
Assembly elections in four states - Maharashtra, Haryana, Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir - are scheduled to be held in 2014. According to EC sources, the elections would be held in two phases - the first phase in Haryana and Maharashtra and the second phase in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand.
The elections in these states are keenly awaited by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) which got a thumping victory in the April-May Lok Sabha elections. In all four states, the BJP intends to repeat its winning streak and the party's senior leaders have started campaigning in these states.
The elections are to be held in two phases - the first phase in Haryana and Maharashtra and the second phase in Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand.
The Haryana assembly comprises 82 members while the Maharashtra assembly has 288 members. Both states are presently ruled by the Congress.
The Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) is ruling Jharkhand with the Congress. The legislative assembly comprises 81 members. The last assembly election was held in December 2009.
The legislative assembly of Jammu and Kashmir comprises 87 members. The last assembly elections were held in 2008. Presently, the state is being run by a National Conference-Congress alliance.

Visitors register: CBI director files affidavit in SCjudiciary (system of justice)
Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) director Ranjit Sinha, who has come under scrutiny for allegedly entertaining accused in 2G and coal scams at his official residence here, on Friday filed his affidavit responding to allegations levelled against him in a sealed envelope before the Supreme Court.
The affidavit has been filed in compliance of the order of the apex court which had on September 8 directed him to respond to the averments made against him, holding that they were ‘serious’ in nature.
The court had asked the CBI director to file the affidavit, saying, “Whatever you want to tell us, tell us in black and white.”
The matter will be taken up for further hearing on September 15.
During the last hearing, the bench had taken serious objection to Mr. Sinha’s reluctance to file an affidavit on merits of the allegations and had directed him to file his response on a plea for a direction to the Centre to take steps for his removal and for ordering an SIT probe against him for allegedly abusing his authority.
The bench had taken on record a register of entry list/ guest list at the CBI director’s residence which was handed over by advocate Prashant Bhushan in a sealed envelope.
Mr. Bhushan had submitted that some unknown persons had turned up at his residence and had given him the documents without revealing their identities.
He had pleaded before the court to take the documents on record in safe custody as these may be destroyed.
The bench had also taken on record a list of 23 ITBP officials and four CBI constables, who were manning the gate of the director’s residence at 2, Janpath here.
Mr. Bhushan, counsel for NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation, has alleged that several accused and officials of accused companies in the 2G scam and other cases have been frequent visitors to Mr. Sinha’s residence.
He has also alleged that Mr. Sinha was trying to protect some accused and sought his removal from the post.

BSE Midcap index crosses 10 000 mark after more than six yearsDeepak Korgaonkar |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 01:41 PM IST
S&P BSE Midcap index crosses 10,000-mark after six years
Symphony, PI Industries, Ajanta Pharma, TTK Presitage, Kajaria Ceramics and Astral Poly Technik rose over ten-fold during the period.
Shares of mid-sized companies continued their upward march with the Bombay Stock Exchange’s S&P BSE Midcap index crossing the 10,000 mark after a gap of more than six years. The S&P BSE Midcap index hit a high 10,019 during intra-day trade today.
The index had breached this mark for the first time ever on January 2, 2008 and is just 227 points shy of its record high of 10,246 touched in intra–day trade on January 8, 2008.
Out of 193 actively traded stocks from the midcap index, 80 stocks have more than doubled. However, 73 stocks are still trading below their 2008 level. There are total 238 companies in the mid-cap index, of which 45 got listed after January 2008.
“Though we cannot generalise this for the entire lot, but a lot of the mid – cap companies do have good prospects. Also consider the fact that mid – cap companies are still quoting at an attractive valuation as compared to some of the companies among the large-caps. So certainly there is headroom available,” said Deven Choksey, managing director and chief executive officer, K R Choksey Shares and Securities.
Among individual stocks, Symphony, PI Industries, Ajanta Pharma, TTK Presitage, Kajaria Ceramics, Astral Poly Technik, Page Industries, Kaveri Seed Company, Hatsun Agro Products, Vakrangee, Responsive Industries and Gruh Finance  have seen over ten–fold rise in their market value from January 2008 levels.
Stock strategy
 
Despite the run up, analysts recommend that investors should stay invested in this segment and there is more steam left in this rally. However, one needs to be selective, they suggest.
“Alembic Pharma, Bharat Forge, Dhanuka Agritech, Finolex Cables, Greaves Cotton, Indiabulls Housing Finance, JK Lakshmi Cement, Jyoti Structures, Kirloskar Oil Engines, LG Balakrishnan, Magma Fincorp, PTC India Financial Services and SREI Infrastructure Finance are some mid–cap stocks that have potential to double in two years,” points out Amar Ambani, head of research of India Infoline Group in a recent report.
Meanwhile, MMTC, Unitech, Suzlon Energy, Indiabulls Real Estate, Jaiprakash Power Ventures, Network18 Media and Investment, HDIL, TV18 Broadcast, Aban Offshore, Hindustan Copper, Jet Airways, Reliance Capital, Videocon Industries and GMR Infrastructure are among the notable stocks that are still available 75 – 96% below their 2008 price.
 

Markets flat; blue-chips dragSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 01:39 PM IST
Markets flat; blue-chips drag
L&T, RIL and Infosys among the top losers
Markets were extremely flat in the noon trades with the benchmark indices in red as weakness in heavyweights like L&T, RIL and Infosys weighed on the indices heavily.
At 1330 hrs, the Sensex was down two points at 26,993 and the Nifty dropped five points to trade at 8,081.
However, there was some buying visible in the broader markets with the smallcap index up 0.6% and the midcap index added 0.1%, continuing its outperformance in noon deals.
Power index down over a percent was the top sectoral loser along with Bankex, Capital goods, Metal, Oil and Gas and Realty indices down 0.1-0.6%.
However, gains in scrips like Titan, VIP Industries and Blue Star helped the Consumer Durables index to be up over 1% in an otherwise flat market.
Cipla, Maruti, HDFC and ITC which was up 1-2.5% were the top gainers among Sensex-30. Maruti Suzuki India climbed over 1% during the noon trades after Maruti chairman said that double-digit sales growth is expected this current year.
Among the ones in red were Hindalco, Sun Pharma, NTPC, Coal India, Tata Power and L&T down 1-3%.
In individual names, Snowman Logistics - an integrated temperature controlled logistics service provider - jumped 70% on debut today.
Oracle Financial Services Software surged more than 7% to Rs 3,560 on the BSE after the Board of Directors of the Company approved payment of interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share of face value of Rs 5 each of the Company.
The market breadth was positive on BSE. 1,593 stocks advanced while 1,302 stocks declined.
 Advertisements

ICICI Bank offers Cardless Cash Withdrawal at ATMsICICI Bank offers Cardless Cash Withdrawal at ATMs
Our Bureau
The recipient can withdraw money round the clock from over 10,000 ATMs of ICICI Bank without using a debit card.
Offers instant registration to transfer money within India to anyone with a mobile number
Mumbai, Sept 10:  
Now, withdraw without a debit card at an ICICI Bank ATM, as the bank facilitates cardless cash withdrawal service with the help of a mobile number.
ICICI Bank, India’s largest private sector bank, announced its ‘Cardless Cash Withdrawal’ service that allows its customers to transfer money from their account to anyone in India with a mobile number, the bank said in a statement.
The recipient can withdraw money round the clock without using a debit card from over 10,000 ATMs of ICICI Bank across the country. One can do this even without having a bank account of any bank, the bank further said.
However, the sender needs to be an ICICI Bank savings account holder.
Rajiv Sabharwal, Executive Director, ICICI Bank said: “We foresee tremendous growth potential in the usage of electronic payments in our country. ‘Cardless Cash Withdrawal’ provides an added facility in an array of electronic payment options that ICICI Bank offers to its customers.”
How it works
The facility can be initiated by any ICICI Bank savings account customer (sender) by logging into internet banking of ICICI Bank website.
The sender first needs to register the recipient’s name, mobile number and address. The sender will get a four digit verification code while the recipient a 6-digit reference code, over SMS.
The recipient can withdraw cash from almost all ICICI Bank ATMs by entering mobile number, cash amount along with the verification and reference code, within two days of the transaction.
This service can also be used by the Bank’s account holders to withdraw cash from their own accounts without using a debit card, the bank added.
(This article was published on September 10, 2014)

Oracle Financial at new high  up 10% on Rs 485/sh dividendSep 12, 2014, 01.47 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Oracle Financial at new high, up 10% on Rs 485/sh dividend
"The board of directors of the company has declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share," said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Oracle Financial at new high, up 10% on Rs 485/sh dividend
"The board of directors of the company has declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share," said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors rushed to buy more shares of  Oracle Financial Services Software after it declared hefty amount of dividend on Friday. The stock rallied as much as 10.5 percent to touch a record high of Rs 4,080 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
"The board of directors of the company has declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share," said the company in its filing.
The company will distribute dividend worth Rs 4,081.3 crore to 8,41,50,904 equity shares.
For the year ended March 31, 2014, the company had reported cash and bank balances of Rs 6,672.6 crore, increased from Rs 5,471 crore in previous financial year.
Net profit of the software services provider grew by 26.9 percent sequentially (up 7.7 percent year-on-year) to Rs 394.4 crore in April-June quarter of FY14 and revenue increased by 20 percent quarter-on-quarter (up 19.3 percent on yearly basis) to Rs 1,073 crore during the same period.
Meanwhile, promoter Oracle Global Mauritius holds 74.93 percent stake in the company as of June 2014.
At 13:25 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 3,973.55, up Rs 281.05, or 7.61 percent amid huge volumes on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

IndoStar raises Rs 120 cr via NCDsIndoStar raises Rs 120 cr via NCDs
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
IndoStar Capital Finance said it has raised Rs 120 crore through the issue of 1,200 NCDs (non-convertible debentures) of face value of Rs 10 lakh each for cash at par on private placement.
The NCDs would be listed on the BSE, the company said in a filing to the exchange.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Today's Poll
Gold prices are falling. Will you invest now?
Yes

Coalgate: SC refuses to hear plea of power producers seeking re-hearingPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 01:45 PM IST
Coalgate: SC refuses to hear plea of power producers seeking re-hearing
The power producers had asked that they should get another hearing in case the apex court cancels allotments
The Supreme Court on Friday refused to give any further hearing on the pleas of companies which were allocated coal blocks by the government by a process that the court has deemed illegal.
A bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha turned down the pleas of power generating companies that they should be re-heard in case the apex court decides to cancel the allotments.
The bench has already reserved its order on the fate of 218 coal blocks allocations which were declared by it as illegal and arbitrary.
The apex court had on September 9 reserved its order after the Centre advocated their cancellation while the allotees blamed the government for irregularities and demanded setting up of a committee to go into each of the allocations.
The Coal Producers Association, Sponge Iron Manufacturers Association and Independent Power Producers Association of India and some private entities had opposed the stand of the government for not favouring the constitution of any committee to look into consequences of the August 25 judgement of apex court.
They had deprecated the Centre's stand that "cancellation of coal block allocation is a natural consequence of the judgement" by saying that it would lead to total disaster and ultimate suffering for the man on street and rural population, who are already facing a power crisis.
The bench had, however, said, "Government is only articulating its position" and it would "not be a fair way" of dealing with the matter as "screening committee meetings speak for themselves that no procedure was followed".
 Advertisements

Kamal Nath: Had cautioned Manmohan over 2G allocations | Full interview of Vinod RaiKamal Nath adds credit to Vinod Rai's 2G claims; says things would have been different had PM Manmohan Singh acted
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 12, 2014, 12.34PM IST
Tags:
2G case
("I cautioned the Prime Minister.…)
NEW DELHI: Adding political fire to former CAG claims in the 2G case , Kamal Nath on Friday affirmed Vinod Rai's statement that the Congress leader had cautioned Dr Manmohan Singh against 2G allocations.
"I wrote to the Prime Minister and I spoke to him. I wrote to him saying that there are certain matters of concern and that a committee should be appointed. I do not remember exactly what I wrote, but I did write to him," Nath told Times Now.
Asked if matters would have been different for the Congress had the then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh acted on the advice, Nath said, "I cautioned the Prime Minister. I suggested a committee because I was concerned from what I was hearing and learning. I was assimilating that things were getting derailed. I am sure that if he (Manmohan Singh) had acted differently, may be things would have been different."
Rai, whose book "Not Just An Accountant" is set for release in the next few days, has claimed that Dr Singh was alerted by his senior cabinet minister Kamal Nath about the brewing 2G scam.
Rai has also made allegations that he was approached by three Congress MPs - former Law minister Ashwani Kumar who had to resign for allegedly pressuring the CBI to dilute PMO's role in the Coalgate scam, Sanjay Nirupam and Sandeep Dikshit - to drop the name of the Prime Minister from the CAG report on 2G spectrum allocation.
Commenting on the same Nath said, "I do not know whether they (Congress MPs) did so or no. I think they need to respond to this not me. I doubt that they would ask reports to be fudged."
Nath hit out at Rai for making claims related to the various scams saying, "This is now a dead horse. It is a thing of the past." "It is very easy to be smart and knowledgeable in retrospect," Nath added.
Startling allegations from former CAG in the 2G scam have stirred a political fight, with Congress leaders threatening to take Vinod Rai to court. In an interview to Times Now, Vinod Rai has said that records indicated that the then telecom minister A Raja had kept prime minister Manmohan Singh in the loop on the course of action he planned to pursue in allocating 2G spectrum and that the PM's reluctance to chart a different course could be construed as "dereliction of duty".
Latching on to Rai's claims, BJP demanded answers on who was pulling the strings in the UPA government. Sambit Patra of BJP said, "Ex-CAG Vinod Rai's claims prove that Dr Manmohan Singh was just a puppet. People want to know who was the puppeteer?" "Did the 2Gs of Congress -Sonia Gandhi & Rahul Gandhi - stop Manmohan Singh from taking action?" Patra asked.
(With inputs from PTI)

Sensex  Nifty rangebound; Cipla rises 6%  HDFC most activeSep 12, 2014, 03.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends above 8100, Sensex gains 65 pts; Cipla up 6%
The market ended a volatile session on a higher note. The Nifty managed to end above 8100, up 19.80 points at 8105.50 while the Sensex was up 65.17 points at 27061.04. Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, Sesa Sterlite and Hero Motocorp were top gainers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends above 8100, Sensex gains 65 pts; Cipla up 6%
The market ended a volatile session on a higher note. The Nifty managed to end above 8100, up 19.80 points at 8105.50 while the Sensex was up 65.17 points at 27061.04. Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, Sesa Sterlite and Hero Motocorp were top gainers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market closing
The market ended a volatile session on a higher note. The Nifty managed to end above 8100, up 19.80 points at 8105.50 while the Sensex was up 65.17 points at 27061.04. Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, Sesa Sterlite and Hero Motocorp were top gainers in the Sensex.
Among the top losers were Sun Pharma, Hindalco, Tata Power, NTPC and BHEL.
03:00pm Gayatri Projects rally
Gayatri Projects spiked 6 percent as the company in joint venture with SPL Infrastructure has bagged new order worth Rs 158.92 crore from NHAI, said the flagship company of the Gayatri Group.
The project work includes improvement and augmentation of Thanjavur-Pudukottai section 2 laning with Paved Shoulders for 55.228 km of NH-226 in the state of Tamil Nadu under NHDP-IV on EPC mode.
02:50pm Market Check
The market extended gains in last hour of trade with the Sensex rising 85.20 points to 27081.07 and the Nifty climbing 21.90 points to 8107.60 supported by ITC that gained 1.7 percent.
About 1734 shares have advanced, 1244 shares declined, and 106 shares are unchanged.
02:30pm Oracle Financial in demand
Investors rushed to buy more shares of Oracle Financial Services Software after it declared hefty amount of dividend. The stock rallied as much as 10.5 percent to touch a record high of Rs 4,080 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
"The board of directors of the company has declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share," said the company in its filing.
The company will distribute dividend worth Rs 4,081.3 crore to 8,41,50,904 equity shares.
For the year ended March 31, 2014, the company had reported cash and bank balances of Rs 6,672.6 crore, increased from Rs 5,471 crore in previous financial year.
02:00pm The market continued to be in a tight range in afternoon trade as investors are cautious ahead of July industrial output and August CPI data. The Sensex rose 3.51 points to 26999.38 while the Nifty fell 2.60 points to 8083.10 but the broader markets outperformed benchmarks.
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained 0.2 percent and 0.6 percent, respectively. About 1633 shares have advanced, 1290 shares declined, and 101 shares are unchanged.
Cipla shares rallied 6 percent followed by ITC, HDFC, Maruti Suzuki and Hero Motocorp with 1-1.5 percent whereas Hindalco Industries, L&T, Sun Pharma, NTPC, Coal India and Tata Power declined 1-3 percent.
HDFC, Force Motors, Sun Pharma, Coromandel International, Lovable Lingerie, SBI, Motherson Sumi, Cipla and Tata Steel were most active shares.
Index of industrial production (IIP) for July is likely to fall to 1.7 percent while the consumer price index (CPI) for August may soften to 7.7 percent, says a CNBC-TV18 poll. Both the macro-economic data points will be released post market hours today and between, the CPI will be crucially watched even from a bond market perspective.
13:20

Meet Houston Symphony s 1st Latino Music Directormeet houston symphony s 1st latino music director
AIADMK MLAs to give one-month salary to JK flood relief fundPress Trust of India | Puducherry | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:05 pm
The opposition AIADMK Legislators on Friday decided to contribute their one month’s salaries to the Jammu and Kashmir Flood Relief Fund.
Deputy Legislature party leader A Anbalagan, who announced the members’ resolve during Zero Hour, said the floods which had claimed several lives and caused extensive devastation in Jammu and Kashmir was heart-rending.
“On humanitarian grounds, we intend to contribute our one- month’s salaries to the fund as the stranded people there should be taken care of,” he said and requested Chief Minister N Rangasamy to announce the government’s contribution to the fund.
Rangasamy welcomed the members’ suggestion.

Hero MotoCorp to Launch Three New Models Early Next YearYou are here: Home Corporates
Hero MotoCorp to Launch Three New Models Early Next Year
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 12, 2014 15:06 (IST)
US-Based Gilead Licenses Hepatitis C Drug to Cipla, Ranbaxy, 5 Others
New Delhi:
Country's largest two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp plans to launch three new models including two new scooters early next year.
Besides, it plans to begin the construction of its Gujarat plant soon and operationalise the facility by third quarter of next financial year.
"During the early part of next year we will start rolling out new scooters. Two new scooters and one motorcycle model are on the anvil right now," Hero MotoCorp Vice Chairman and Managing Director Pawan Munjal told reporters here on the sidelines of SIAM annual convention.
During the upcoming festive season the company plans to introduce 12 refreshed versions of the existing models, he added. "These 12 variants have improved features including engines. All of them would be introduced during the festive season."
When asked about the sales projections during the festive season, Munjal said: "I am bullish about the festival season. Sentiments have improved and the market will improve further. We expect to do better than the last year."
The company had sold 6 lakh units during the last year's festival season.
On the company's upcoming Gujarat plant, Munjal said: "We will start construction soon and will launch the facility in the third quarter of next fiscal."
The plant will have an installed capacity of 1.8 million units per annum. The company's current production capacity is 7.65 million units.
Commenting on the proposed plant in South India, Munjal said the company is yet to finalise the site for the facility.
On whether the company is looking at hiking prices, he said: "There is pressure on pricing for sure so there will be some price corrections off and on." He however did not provide specific details.
Talking about its overseas plans, Munjal said: "We are seriously considering Argentina... Team is going there and doing due diligence. We are sure we will soon find a partner and start operations."
He added that the company will start operations in Brazil in 2016 and is currently working on ethanol powered engines for the market.
On launching products in the US market, Munjal said product homologation process is going on and the entry of the company in the country would happen in 2016 summer.
It would set up distribution in the US but is still to finalise the branding part, he added.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 15:02 (IST)

Health Ministry joins relief efforts in Jammu and Kashmir#health ministry #jammu and kashmir floods #relief efforts #medicine
New Delhi: The Health Ministry has joined relief operations in Jammu and Kashmir by sending over 1000 tonnes of medicines, water-purifying plants and teams of doctors and experts to the flood-ravaged state.
A 20-member clinical team comprising physicians, pediatricians and reproductive health specialists have been deployed in Srinagar, an official statement said, adding that a 10-member team has been there since September 10.
The ministry has set up a control room here to monitor the situation in the state round-the-clock.
The Health Ministry has joined relief operations in Jammu and Kashmir by sending over 1000 tonnes of medicines and water-purifying plants.
Acting on the request of the state government for supply of 23 medicines, health ministry has dispatched five medicines while 13 drugs have been supplied in part and remaining five drugs are being procured on an urgent basis.
"Around 100 tonnes of medicines have been sent so far," the statement said.
Over 998500 chlorine tablets too have been sent by Air Force planes.
The ministry said a public health team each in Jammu and Srinagar has been present since September 8 for rapid health assessment and to prevent and control public health exigencies.
Two psycho-social teams for psycho-social need assessment are being sent from National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro-Sciences (NIMHANS), Bangalore, it said.
Indian Red Cross Society has also helped relief efforts by supplying 1082 tents (each to house eight people). In addition, they have sent 750 tarpaulins, 1000 kitchen sets and 2500 blankets, the statement said.
"Two water purification plants each having a capacity of purifying around 50,000 liters per day and six small water purification units along with operators have been dispatched from Delhi by Air Force," it said.

Ahmedabad scrubbed clean for Narendra Modi  Xi Jinping visit#narendra modi #xi jinping #prime minister #chinese president #ahmedabad municipal corp
Ahmedabad: From relaying roads and painting the pathways to trimming trees and lighting up the streets, an army of civic workers are on double-shift to give a face lift to this largest city in Gujarat where both Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping are scheduled to visit coming on Wednesday.
"More then Rs 10 crore ($1.7 million) has been specially allocated for pricing up the city for our prime minister's visit. Our chief minister (Anandiben Patel) wants a lasting impression about the city when the Chinese President comes calling," a senior state government official said.
From the airport to the upmarket areas of Vastrapur, and beyond, the civic body is doing all it can to make the ride for the two dignitaries a scenic and smooth one. Visibly, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corp (AMC) is going all out to leave an impression.
An army of civic workers are on double-shift to give a face lift to Ahmedabad where Modi and Chinese President are scheduled to visit.
"New footpaths are being made, roads are being cleaned. The areas from airport to the hotel that didn't have proper roads will get new ones. For that alone Rs 1 crore ($170,000) is being spent. En route, roads are being swept, the grass plucked and every streetlight pole painted."
Even the speed-breakers are being leveled, like the ones near Blind People's Association and the Gujarat University quarters.
This will be Modi's first visit to the state after becoming the Prime Minister and Xi's first to the subcontinent.
All government buildings, bus stops, major land marks, and historic places are being spruced up and illuminated with neon bulbs and flowers.
The two leaders are scheduled to stay at a hotel in Vastrapur, where the local residents are quite happy.
"If Modi had not visited the area, then the civic body would not have bothered to clean up the place. Modi's visit is a blessing in disguise," said Vastrapur resident, 49, on condition of anonymity.
Over the lake by the same name, Vastrapur is an upscale area in Ahmedabad which is also home to the prestigious Indian Institute of Management.
Security has been beefed up at the Sabarmati Riverfront where Modi will spend around 95 minutes along with Xi Jinping.
At Sabarmati Ashram, hectic work is on to welcome Modi and Xi.
A resident near Sabarmati Ashram said: "The footpath is being relaid after 26 years."
Lights have been installed on the riverfront.
Modi and Xi will take a walk along with river front and have dinner in the backdrop of Gujarat cultural show and music.

J&K floods: Locals angry  say government did nothing for usArmy officer rescues his parents who were struck in J&K floods for 5 days
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Ingersoll Rand plans to invest Rs 100 cr in Naroda plant; shares flare up 10%Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ingersoll Rand plans to invest Rs 100 cr in Naroda plant; shares flare up 10%
R Yegya Narayanan
Tweet
Coimbatore, Sept 12:  
Ingersoll Rand India plans to invest Rs 100 crore in upgrading its manufacturing facility at Naroda, Gujarat, which would aid in the production of complete range of reciprocating, rotary and centrifugal compressors.
The announcement led to a flare up in the share price of Ingersoll Rand (India) by over 10 per cent.
New product lines
In a statement to the stock exchanges, the company said its investment would transform the Naroda plant, one of its oldest globally, into a "world class manufacturing facility'' and improve the overall efficiency of the manufacturing and operating systems. The facility would also add new product lines with high level of innovation.
Venkatesh Valluri, Chairman and President, Ingersoll Rand India, said the Naroda plant of the company was one of the oldest plants in the world. Established in 1965, it was aimed at catering to both Indian and global markets. He said the company has been focussing on innovation from emerging economies and "India has been at the forefront of this initiative''.
New era of economic realignment
He said as the country moved into a "new era of economic realignment'' that would focus on manufacturing, Ingersoll Rand India was upgrading its facility by launching new "flexible production techniques, enhanced process efficiency methods and new technologies''.
He said this would, apart from enhancing the safety practices, would also help the company to deliver very cost competitive products to Indian and global markets. He felt this change was a step ahead to improve its customers’ "energy efficiency, productivity and operational efficiency''.
Valluri, emphasising the importance of the Indian markets to Ingersoll Rand, said the investment in Naroda plant was being done to further cement its position in the growing Indian market.
He said the company was committed to offering sustainable and energy-efficient solutions and the new improved Naroda facility would aid it "to drive technology innovation and product development'' to serve the needs of both domestic and overseas markets from here.
The Naroda facility served the requirements of markets like industrial efficiency, transportation, food security, logistics, pharma, cement, mining, defence etc. Apart from Naroda, Ingersoll Rand India has production facilities at Chennai and Sahibabad near Delhi and two engineering and technology centres at Bangalore and Chennai. It employs nearly 2,000 people in India.
The announcement led to a flare up in the share price of Ingersoll Rand (India). The stock gained Rs 70.85 or 10.21 per cent, to trade at Rs 765 on the BSE. The company’s revenue was Rs 578.72 crore during 2013-14 and net profit was Rs 66.95 crore. The EPS was Rs 21.21, according to data available on the BSE Web site.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Climate change:  Review common but differentiated responsibility principleEU wants India to do more on climate change
Our Bureau
Connie Hedegaard
New Delhi, Sept 12:  
European Union wants a shift in the principle of "common but differentiated responsibility" in tackling climate change related issues to one where developing countries, including India, too make higher contributions, Connie Hedegaard, European Union Climate Action Commissioner, said on Friday.
Hedegaard is in India to meet Prakash Javadekar, Minister of Environment, Forests and Climate Change (Independent Charge), ahead of some important international negotiations, such as the UN Climate Summit 2014 to be held in New York in September.
“We believe we have to change the way we see common but differentiated responsibility. Everyone (all the countries including developing nations) must do as much as possible,” Hedegaard said.
She added that some emerging economies have seen enormous growth over the last many years and as a result there was also a differentiated way of dealing with different emerging economies too, holding bigger emerging economies to some binding agreements on issues such as emission cuts.
India and other developing countries have been at loggerheads with the developed countries over what they see as the industrial countries backtracking on promises over critical issues — such as financial aids, technology transfers and others.
Meanwhile, developed countries feel emerging economies need to promise more towards tackling climate change, such as binding emission cuts, adaptation measures and others, which they are not bound to till now.
Pressure has been building on India and China, among other emerging nations to promise emission cuts, even as several developed countries continue to resist such binding contracts.
India and China have both also decided against attending the UN Climate Summit to be held in September in what is being seen as a political message ahead of the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change to be held in Paris in 2015.
All the signatories are expected to arrive on a binding and universal agreement on climate change efforts at the meeting in Paris and India, along with other developing nations, first wants developed countries to come good on the 2009 Copenhagen pledge to provide up to $100 billion up to 2020 for environmental damage.
Hedegaard said on its part the member States of the EU have delivered on the financial promises made by them and would continue to do so.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Indirect tax collection reaches 31.2% of Budget estimateIndirect tax collection reaches 31.2% of Budget estimate
Shishir Sinha
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 12:  
Revenue authorities have managed to collect over 31 per cent of target for indirect taxes in first five months (April-August) of the current fiscal that is, 2014-15. Indirect taxes include Customs duty, excise duty and service tax.
However, collection of Customs duty and excise duty are still sluggish during the five-month period, though both of them registered good growth in August itself. Customs duty is levied on the export and import of the goods while excise duty is levied on the manufactured goods at factory gate. Service tax is levied on various kind of services one uses.
According to data released by the Finance Ministry, total indirect tax collection increased to Rs 1.94 lakh crore from Rs 1.85 lakh crore showing an increase of 4.6 per cent. The Finance Ministry has set a target of collecting over Rs 6.23 lakh crore for the full fiscal which requires collection at more than 25 per cent.
Last month, while addressing the annual conference of Chief Commissioners and Directors General of Customs, Central Excise and Service Tax, the Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had said that the revenue targets in the case of indirect taxes for the current financial year are challenging but very much achievable. He said that last few years have been somewhat difficult as far as the Indian economy is concerned.
However, with focus on improving areas of manufacturing and infrastructure, things are likely to improve. At the same time, figures related with manufacturing sector during June and July are quite encouraging. Jaitley said that if this trend continues for a few more months only then it will constitute a pattern.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Rocket Internet s IPO likely to strengthen Jabong s position in e-commerce marketRocket Internet's IPO likely to strengthen Jabong's position in e-commerce market
Priyanka Pani
German tech incubator to merge Jabong with 4 major fashion portals
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
An initial public offering by global Internet incubator Rocket Internet in distant Germany could see homegrown online fashion portal Jabong strengthen its position in the burgeoning Indian e-commerce market.
Rocket Internet, which is a major investor in Jabong, is planning a $970-million IPO in the Frankfurt exchange later this year, according to a statement on the firm's Web site.
This development comes a few days after the Berlin-based company announced that it plans to integrate all its five major fashion portals, including Jabong, into one entity called Global Fashion Group (GFG) and turn it into a $3.5-billion company.
The other portals are Dafiti (Latin America), Lamoda (Russia and CIS), Namshi (West Asia) and Zalora (South Asia and Australia).
While Rocket Internet’s public issue in the German bourse will not benefit the Indian market or Jabong directly, industry experts and analysts said that as Rocket plans to create one single fashion portal, the IPO proceeds will be used in the integration process.
Some of it might be used to expand Jabong's operations in the Indian sub-continent, which will include Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Bangladesh, they said.
Harish HV, Partner, Grant Thornton, said: "As Rocket gets more money, it will be good for all its investee companies including Jabong, which are very capital intensive. Given the fact that e-commerce is growing fast, especially fashion, the fresh funds will help take on big rivals."
New Delhi-based Jabong, founded by Praveen Sinha and Arun, is facing stiff competition from the fashion portal Myntra, ever since it got acquired by the country's e-commerce poster boy Flipkart in May this year. That apart global giant Amazon has also upped its fashion play in India.
This tough competition, Harish HV feels that, could also be forcing Rocket Internet's India plans which has resulted in the integration of its global businesses.
"Integrating could also bring in some cost reduction as operations, technology, supply chain and hardware can be integrated. There also could be lot of strategic learning from each business," he said, adding that there could also be a flip side to it as Rocket might reduce its headcount globally.
Meanwhile, a mail sent to Jabong's founder Praveen Sinha remained unanswered.
Founded in 2007 by the Samwer brothers (Marc, Oliver and Alexander), Rocket Internet is one of the largest Internet incubators in the world. It has created over 100 companies in over 50 countries, dozens of which have been exited successfully.
Heeadquartered in Berlin, it operates a network of 25 international Rocket offices in developed and emerging markets. Its primary focus is on building proven, transaction-based business models in the online and mobile space. Its other investments include CupoNation, FabFurnish, Foodpanda, PrintVenue, OfficeYes and 21Diamonds in India.
Correction
An earlier version of this news story said Rocket Internet is planning a $4-billion IPO. It has been corrected to $970 million. The error is regretted.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Consumer durables  healthcare stocks help Sensex gain 80 pointsHealthcare, consumer durables stocks help Sensex gain 65 points
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
The Sensex and the Nifty ended the session marginally in the green amid mixed European cues. Investors remained cautious ahead of CPI inflation data due to be released today.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex was up 65.17 points at 27,061.04 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty was up 19.8 points at 8,105.50.
Among BSE sectoral indices, healthcare, consumer durables and auto indices were the star-performers and were up 0.74 per cent, 0.72 per cent and 0.64 per cent, respectively. On the other hand, power index fell the most by 1.29 per cent, followed by capital goods 0.81 per cent, realty 0.36 per cent and metal 0.21 per cent.
Cipla, Maruti, Bharti Airtel, ITC and SSLT were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were Hindalco, Sun Pharma, Tata Power, NTPC and L&T.
European shares inched higher early on Friday but remained in a tight range, as investors refrained from taking strong bets on indexes ahead of Scotland's referendum and the US Federal Reserve's policy meeting next week.
Investors awaited a meeting of euro-area finance ministers and data on US retail sales and consumer sentiment for clues about the outlook for stimulus and interest rates.
With just a week to go before Scots vote in a referendum on independence, a YouGov poll for The Times and Sun newspapers showed on Friday Scottish support for the union at 52 per cent versus support for independence at 48 per cent, excluding those who said they did not know how they would vote
Asian shares outside Japan fell as investors fretted that even the hint of a shift in Fed policy might spark a withdrawal of funds from emerging markets. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan was down 0.3 per cent at one-month lows.
While there was little in the way of major data due in Asia, figures on US retail sales due later Friday could fuel speculation over US rates. Economists expect a solid rebound of 0.6 percent in August, up from a disappointingly flat reading in July and fuelled by a boom in auto sales.
A strong result would only add to speculation the Fed might refine, or even drop, its commitment to keeping rates low for a "considerable time" after its asset purchase programme ends.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Indian-Americans from across the US to attend Narendra Modi s eventBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Samsung donates Rs3 crore for Jammu & Kashmir floods relief operationsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

India has potential to become knowledge based economy: ADBBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Time runs out for bleeding HMTMahesh Kulkarni |  Bangalore Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 02:08 PM IST
Time runs out for bleeding HMT
But chairman clueless about shutdown orders as fate of 1,105 employees hangs in the balance
The mood at corporate headquarters of HMT Watches is subdued as rumours of closure spread among its employees. Around 1,105 employees at the company’s three factories and corporate head office are a worried lot as they will no longer be “keeping time to the nation”.
 
The department of heavy industry under the Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises is reported to have decided to wind down the company, 53 years after it started ticking. The manufacture of HMT, the once-iconic watch brand, will soon be stopped at Bangalore and Tumkur in Karnataka and Ranibag in Uttarakhand, which together have a 200-acre land parcel. Half of HMT’s workforce is in, Ranibag, while the rest is in Tumkur, Bangalore and other sales offices.
 
However, the company has not received any official communication from the government on its closure, a top official said.
 
“I have no official communication from the ministry on closure of the company. It was decided some time ago to downsize manpower from the present level of over 1,000. I have no information on shutting down the company,” S Girishkumar, chairman and managing director, HMT Limited. 
 
The decision to shutter the ailing company is likely after revival efforts initiated in 1999 failed. HMT Watches has been reporting losses for the last 15 years – current accumulated losses are in excess of Rs 1,500 crore – after it failed to resist the onslaught, first, of cheap quartz-driven watches and, later, by premium brands that were easily accessible to Indian consumers. 
 
For the year 2013-14, HMT Watches reported sales of Rs 7.48 crore and production of Rs 4.70 crore. Net losses stood at Rs 233.08 crore compared to Rs 242.47 crore in the previous year. A paucity of working capital, erosion of trade channels and high cost of borrowings, and an annual wage bill of Rs 35-40 crore, ensured that HMT would slowly bleed to death. 
 
“There was a proposal some time ago to offer Voluntary Retirement Scheme to employees as per the salary structure of 2007. If that is applied, each employee would get 2.5 times of his salary as the final settlement amount. However, we have no clue on how the government would compensate employees,” said a senior employee on condition of anonymity.
 
HMT Watches, a subsidiary of HMT Limited was established in 1961 at Bangalore. During the zenith of its operations in 1991-92, it had over 8,000 employees and reported its highest-ever sales of around Rs 300 crore. Starting 1994, however, it started its slide, and despite a restructuring in 1999, never recovered from red territory. In 1986, the company faced another major setback when about 350 of its best engineers left for Titan Watches, a Tata company and the new kid on the block with sleeker designs and aspirational value. 
 
It went on to cede both revenue and market share and iconic status to its younger, more visible competitor. A number of attempts were made to revive the ailing workhorse, a senior executive said on condition of anonymity, but that political interventions at every level, including appointment and promotion of employees and the company head, demoralized its employees and eventually affected its functioning. 
 
A recent revival plan for HMT Watches was awaiting government approval, but based on the recommendations of Board for Reconstruction of Public Sector Enterprises (BRPSE), the government seems to have instead decided to shut down the iconic firm that at its peak boasted of more than 400 watch models in its portfolio. 
 

RIL gas field investments depend on acceptable pricing: NikoPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 02:00 PM IST
RIL gas field investments depend on acceptable pricing: Niko
Reliance Industries' USD 10 billion investment in new fields off the east coast depends on the government approving acceptable gas price, its junior partner Niko Resources said.
Reliance Industries' $10 billion investment in new fields off the east coast depends on the government approving acceptable gas price, its junior partner Niko Resources said.
RIL has an array of natural gas discoveries in the Krishna Godavari basin KG-D6 block as well as NEC-25 area off the Odisha coast and it along with its partners BP plc of UK and Niko has detailed plans to bring them to production in the next few years.
Canadian Niko Resources in its annual general meeting (AGM) presentation yesterday stated that "planned development projects in India (are) dependent on acceptable gas pricing."
While the previous UPA government had approved a formula that would have doubled natural gas rates to $8.4 per million British thermal unit, the present dispensation is reviewing it and is likely to take a decision by month-end.
Niko said final investment decisions to develop R-Series gas fields as well as satellite discoveries in KG-D6 block is "waiting on favourable resolution of gas price."
The partners say new field developments are economically unviable at the current price of $4.2.
The Canadian firm said final investment decisions on developing gas finds in NEC-25 block is "waiting on favourable resolution of gas price."
With a decision on gas price hike, which was due on April 1, being delayed, Niko said it along with RIL and BP had in May field an "arbitration seeking market pricing as per terms of D6 Block PSC."
Yesterday, BP India head Sashi Mukundan said the delay in gas price hike implementation was frustrating and was holding back investments.
"We are ready to go ahead with our first project which is probably a $4 billion project. We are getting ready to potentially move that forward (but) are waiting for the gas price decision. So is that frustration, yes because it was decided last June 2013," he had stated.
The UPA government had in June 2013 approved a new gas pricing formula, which would have doubled the rate on its implementation from April 1, 2014.
The formula was notified in January 2014 but the Oil Ministry delayed announcement of a new rate, during which time general elections were announced and Election Commission asked the government to postpone implementation of the decision till the completion of polls.
The price hike, which was postponed to June 30, was again put off by another three months by the new government pending a comprehensive review.
The government has formed a four-member panel of secretaries to suggest a new gas pricing mechanism. The report of the committee is expected in next few days.
 Advertisements

Nikon announces D750 D-SLR camera at Rs.1 34 450Nikon D750 comes with built-in Wi-Fi and features a tilting monitor along with a 24.3 megapixels, 91K-pixel RGB sensor.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:32 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 10:18 am
Nikon India has introduced a new digital SLR camera called D750. The D750 comes with built-in Wi-Fi and features a tilting monitor along with a 24.3 megapixels, 91K-pixel RGB sensor. The camera offers a continuous shooting rate of approximately 6.5 frames per second for both FX- and DX-format.
The Nikon D750 body only will be available starting last week of September at a price of  Rs. 1,34,450.  The D750 + AF-S NIKKOR 24-120MM F/4G ED VR lens will be available starting November.
The D750 boasts a FX-format (full-frame) CMOS sensor along with EXPEED 4 image-processing engine.
The D750 is the first Nikon FX-format (full-frame) camera to adopt a monocoque structure, eliminating the rear body. The camera employs carbon-fiber reinforced thermoplastics (LFT) for the front body and cover, and magnesium alloy for the rear and top panels to reduce weight and increase durability.
The 24.3 megapixel CMOS sensor combines with ISO sensitivities. An effective ISO range from 100 to 12800, also expandable from  Lo 1 (ISO 50 equivalent) right up to Hi 2 (ISO 51200 equivalent). The D750 offers the capability to record Full HD movies in 1920×1080/60p (59.94 fps) format.
A new movie shooting menu and “highlight display” function are also designed to make it easier for the videographer to achieve a refined, high-quality video regardless of environment. A multi-area mode also provides support for DX-format NIKKOR lenses,
The 51-point autofocus (AF) system employs a new AF sensor module that enhances low-light performance (down to -3EV), making it possible to shoot using AF in dark environments. A Group-area AF mode also works to detect moving subjects.
It is possible to set the color balance on the clear, bright 3.2-inch monitor with a wide viewing-angle (170° horizontally or vertically), to suit the user’s preference. An Advanced Scene Recognition System that utilizes the compact 91K-pixel RGB sensor helps with focusing and metering accuracy of the subject.
A new internal layout is optimized to allow sufficient space for maneuverability with comfortable grip. A tri-axis hinge on the monitor tilting mechanism also enables the screen to tilt up to 90 degrees and down to 75 degrees.
The D-SLR comes with built-in Wi-Fi. The Wireless Mobile Utility application, available as a free download for the iOS and AndroidTM operating systems, enables a users to transfer images from the D750 to any compatible smart device. The D750 also supports wireless image transfer with optional Eye-Fi card.
It packs double SD memory card slots to enable “Overflow” recording, “Backup” recording, separate RAW/JPEG recording and shooting, and even allows copying between slots.
The Nikon D750 also features a new “Flat” Picture Control option to apply a more natural effect and enable the camera to acquire maximum subject information.
Powerful flash compatibility: The D750 also offers support for the Nikon Creative Lighting System, which provides a range of flash and lighting options for compatible flash units.
The WR-1 and WR-R10/WR-T10 Wireless Remote Controllers are supported, as is the UT-1 Communication Unit and WT-5 Wireless Transmitter combined with a compact FX-format (full-frame) model.
The D750, as an FX-format (full-frame) camera, features support for selected NIKKOR lenses and accessories.

Relations with PM Narendra Modi are cordial  says Home Minister RajnathSinghPrint
He is our Prime Minister and an effective Prime Minister and I am the Home Minister in his government. What else, said Singh. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:28 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 3:46 pm
Brushing aside reports of differences with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said the relationship between the two is “cordial”.
“He is our Prime Minister and an effective Prime Minister and I am the Home Minister in his government. What else,” Singh said.
After a pause, he said, “Humare sambandh madhur they, madhur hai aur madhur rahenge (Our relations were cordial, are cordial and will always remain like that).”
Singh was asked about his relations with Modi and whether there were some problems in playing his innings.
Earlier, in his opening statement at a press conference on completion of 100 days in office, Singh drew a parallel on the working of his ministry with cricket.
“Working in the Home Ministry is neither a 20-20 nor a one-day cricket match but a test match where one has to play a long innings for which we need to have a strong opening.
“We have got that a good opening stand, I think. We aspire to play a long innings and even a second innings,” he said.

Come out in numbers to vote to check communal forces: Mulayam SinghYadavPress Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:26 pm
Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Friday termed as “crucial” bypolls for 11 Assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat in Uttar Pradesh saying it was right time for people to show their intentions that they do not want communal forces to grow in the state.
“The bypolls are crucial. Whether there is thunderstorm or rain, people should come out in large numbers tomorrow (polling day) to show that they do not want communal forces to grow. The defeat of communal forces in the elections will give a loud and clear message that people want peace and not communal hatred,” Yadav said
Apart from Mainpuri Lok Sabha seat, which was vacated by Yadav himself as chose to retain Azamgarh LS seat, polling for 11 assembly seats – Saharanpur city, Bijnor, Thakurwara, Noida Nighasan, Lucknow east, Hamirpur, Charkhari, Sirathu, Balha and Rohania will be held on Saturday.
Of these 11, 10 were vacated by BJP and one (Rohania) by its ally Apna Dal after their legislators were elected as MP.
Attacking BJP, Yadav said the party was creating communal divide in the state for political gains and appealed people to give a reply to it by casting their votes.
“The state government was vigilant to meet any such situation and would not allow any one to disturb the communal harmony of the state. But this is the right time that people should take a stand,” Yadav further added.
The SP chief said BJP government has failed to fulfil its promises of “achchey din (good days)”, which remains elusive for the people. “BJP government has failed to check inflation, corruption and to protect the boundaries of our country. Pakistan has intruded in our territory several times, but the government could not check it effectively,” he alleged.
The Azamgarh MP further attacked the Narendra Modi government of failing to keep its promise to bring back the black money stashed away in foreign banks.

What is love jihad  I have no idea about it: RajnathSinghRajnath said there was no information on al-Qaeda carrying out any recruitment drive in the country.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:26 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 10:26 am
Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said he did not know what “love jihad” is and assured the minority communities that there will be no discrimination in the name of religion or caste.
“Arey yeh hai kya? Hume nahi maloom (What is it? I don’t know),” Singh said at a press conference when asked about the latest issue of RSS mouthpiece Panchjanya, which carried an article on “love jihad”. When reporters persisted with questions on the issue, he said, “I have no idea.”
Addressing the press conference called to showcase the achievements of his ministry on the completion of 100 days, Singh said the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) did not pose any immediate threat to India and the group was not “very active on recruitment front in India”.
On his equation with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Singh said, “He is our Prime Minister and an effective Prime Minister and I am the Home Minister in his government. What else?”  After a pause, he said, “Humare sambandh madhur thhe, madhur hain aur madhur rahenge (Our relations were cordial, are cordial and will remain cordial).”
“Working in the Home Ministry is neither a 20-20 nor a one-day cricket match but a test match where one has to play a long innings for which we need to have a strong opening. We have got that a good opening stand, I think. We aspire to play a long innings and even a second innings,” he said.
On a question related to arrest of several young Muslim youths on false terror charges, Singh said, “Minorities should have faith in our government. We will not discriminate against anyone in the name of religion or caste. We will ensure justice to everyone. Injustice will not happen to anyone… If you have any information about anyone specific, please let me know. I will inquire into it.”
He said the withdrawal of NATO troops from Afghanistan in 2015 was a cause of concern for India. “We are discussing the issue of (US) troops withdrawal from Afghanistan and how to deal with the situation. We are taking action… whatever the challenge is, we will face it boldly. I want to assure the people of the nation that there is no need to fear,” the Home Minister said.
Asked about the al-Qaeda’s purported message sent through a video threatening action in some states, he said the authenticity of the CD was still being examined. “We cannot say much about the CD but I want to tell you that we have enough strength to face any challenge from organisations like the al-Qaeda,” he said.
On the possibility of Prime Minister Modi discussing the al-Qaeda threat issue with President Barack Obama during his forthcoming visit to the US, Singh said if the US wants to discuss continued…
Arey yeh hai kya. Hume nahi maloom (What is this. I don't know)

Come out in numbers to vote to check communal forces: Mulayam Singh YadavPress Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:26 pm
Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Friday termed as “crucial” bypolls for 11 Assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat in Uttar Pradesh saying it was right time for people to show their intentions that they do not want communal forces to grow in the state.
“The bypolls are crucial. Whether there is thunderstorm or rain, people should come out in large numbers tomorrow (polling day) to show that they do not want communal forces to grow. The defeat of communal forces in the elections will give a loud and clear message that people want peace and not communal hatred,” Yadav said
Apart from Mainpuri Lok Sabha seat, which was vacated by Yadav himself as chose to retain Azamgarh LS seat, polling for 11 assembly seats – Saharanpur city, Bijnor, Thakurwara, Noida Nighasan, Lucknow east, Hamirpur, Charkhari, Sirathu, Balha and Rohania will be held on Saturday.
Of these 11, 10 were vacated by BJP and one (Rohania) by its ally Apna Dal after their legislators were elected as MP.
Attacking BJP, Yadav said the party was creating communal divide in the state for political gains and appealed people to give a reply to it by casting their votes.
“The state government was vigilant to meet any such situation and would not allow any one to disturb the communal harmony of the state. But this is the right time that people should take a stand,” Yadav further added.
The SP chief said BJP government has failed to fulfil its promises of “achchey din (good days)”, which remains elusive for the people. “BJP government has failed to check inflation, corruption and to protect the boundaries of our country. Pakistan has intruded in our territory several times, but the government could not check it effectively,” he alleged.
The Azamgarh MP further attacked the Narendra Modi government of failing to keep its promise to bring back the black money stashed away in foreign banks.

No need to fear from al-Qaeda threat  says Rajnath SinghRajnath Singh also said that a comprehensive action policy to weed out left-wing extremism will be given shape. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:09 pm
In the wake of terror group al-Qaeda’s announcement of forming its wing in India and launch attacks here, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said that there is no need to fear from the terrorist group. He also said that ‘nothing could be said about the authenticity of an al-Qaeda video which is still under examination by various expert agencies.’
It may be noted that, al-Qaeda commander Ayman al-Zawahari had announced the formation of a new wing of the feared terrorist group dedicated to waging jihad in the Indian subcontinent. In the videotape – the first released by the al-Qaeda chief since August 2013 – al-Zawaheri promises that al-Qaeda will now expand its operations throughout the region.
The Ministry of Home Affairs has asked the Intelligence Bureau (IB) to verify the authenticity of the video.
Speaking about Naxalism, Singh said that a comprehensive action policy to weed out left-wing extremism will be given shape.

Can Obama start a war without consent of Con...Can Barack Obama start a war without consent of Congress?
AP Sep 12, 2014, 03.22PM IST
Tags:
Al-Qaeda
(In an address to the nation…)
WASHINGTON: As a US senator running to become president in 2007, Barack Obama sponsored a resolution to prohibit President George W. Bush's administration from taking military action against Iran unless it was explicitly authorized by Congress.
His idea did not become law.
In the past five weeks, US fighter jets and unmanned drones armed with missiles have, under Obama's presidential orders, conducted more than 150 airstrikes against the Islamic State group in Iraq, even as the White House has yet to formally ask Congress for authorization to expand the air campaign.
In an address to the nation Wednesday, Obama said he had authorized US airstrikes inside Syria for the first time, along with expanded strikes in Iraq, as part of "a steady, relentless effort'' to root out Islamic State extremists. He did not say how long he expected the fighting to last.
The White House says Bush-era congressional authorizations for the war on al-Qaida and the Iraq invasion give Obama the authority to expand the fighting in Syria and Iraq without new approval by Congress under the 1973 War Powers Act.
That law serves as a constitutional check on the president's power to declare war without congressional consent. It requires presidents to notify Congress within 48 hours of military action and limits the use of military forces to no more than 60 days unless Congress authorizes force or declares war.
Critics say the administration's tightly crafted legal strategy has short-circuited the congressional oversight that Obama once championed.
White House spokesman Josh Earnest on Thursday cited the 2001 military authorization Congress gave Bush to attack any countries, groups or people who planned, authorized, committed or aided the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
Earnest says Obama believes the authorization "continues to apply to this terrorist organization that is operating in Iraq and Syria.''
  The Islamic State group, which was founded in 2004, has not been linked to the 9/11 attacks, although its founders later pledged allegiance to Osama bin Laden. In February, al-Qaida declared that the Islamic State group was no longer formally part of its terror organization.
And in recent weeks, senior US officials, including Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson and Matthew Olsen, head of the National Counterterrorism Center, have drawn significant distinctions between al-Qaida and the Islamic State group.
Earnest said Thursday that Obama welcomes support from Congress but said it wasn't necessary.
"The president has the authority, the statutory authority that he needs,'' Earnest said.
Others disagree.
"I actually think the 2001 AUMF argument is pretty tortured,'' said Representative Jim Himes, a Democrat from Connecticut who serves on the House Intelligence Committee. "They are essentially saying that ISIL is associated with al-Qaida, and that's not obvious.''
Himes supports a new congressional vote, as does another Democrat on the Intelligence Committee, Representative Adam Schiff of California.
The White House also finds authorization under the 2002 resolution that approved the invasion of Iraq to identify and destroy weapons of mass destruction. That resolution also cited the threat from al-Qaida, which Congress said then was operating inside Iraq. But the US later concluded there were no ties between al-Qaida and Iraqi President Saddam Hussein or his government. In addition, the group formally known as al-Qaida in Iraq - which later evolved into the Islamic State group - didn't form until 2004, after the US-led invasion.
Obama uses both authorizations as authority to act even though he publicly sought their repeal last year.
Obama himself said Wednesday that he wants congressional backing, not for US airstrikes but for the buildup of American advisers and equipment to aid Syrian opposition forces. House Republicans spurned a vote on that request earlier this week. The White House acknowledged that it could not overtly train Syrian rebels without Congress approving the cost of about $500 million.
"Committing American lives to war is such a serious question it should not be left to one person to decide, even if it's the president,'' said former Illinois Representative Paul Findley, 92, who helped write the War Powers Act.
Since US military advisers went into Iraq in June, the administration has maneuvered repeatedly to avoid coming into conflict with the War Powers law. Seven times, before each 60-day limit on using military forces has expired, Obama has sent new notification letters to Congress restarting the clock and providing new extensions without invoking congressional approval.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See upside in Lupin: Vishal MalkanLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See upside in Lupin: Vishal Malkan
Vishal Malkan of malkansview.com is of the view that one can see higher levels in Lupin.
Post your opinion here
Traders Only
Vishal Malkan of malkansview.com told CNBC-TV18, " Lupin is a strong outperformer in the market especially in the pharma sector and it is making continuously higher tops and higher bottoms on the daily as well as weekly charts. So there is no sign of bearishness as of now. You should keep a stoploss of around Rs 1280 because that will trigger a short-term trend on the downside. Otherwise it is a good stock and we can see higher targets in the future."
At 15:20 hrs Lupin was quoting at Rs 1,359.15, up Rs 38.60, or 2.92 percent. It has touched a 52-week high of Rs 1,361.
RELATED NEWS

IFCI may test Rs 50  says Vishal MalkanLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IFCI may test Rs 50, says Vishal Malkan
Vishal Malkan of malkansview.com is of the view that one may see IFCI cross Rs 50 in one year.
Post your opinion here
 
Vishal Malkan of malkansview.com told CNBC-TV18, " IFCI has been underperformed in the last three months or so and it has retraced from Rs 45 to Rs 32 that happens to be a very strong support and forming some bullish divergences. If someone is ready to hold on for a year, we can see targets of Rs 50 plus in this stock."
At 15:14 hrs IFCI was quoting at Rs 34.20, down Rs 0.10, or 0.29 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 34.70 and an intraday low of Rs 34.15.
RELATED NEWS

Vinod Rai blames Manmohan Singh for problems facing Indian economyVinod Rai blames Manmohan Singh for problems facing Indian economy
Power  Movie Review Roundup: Complete Commercial OutingPower  Movie Review Roundup: Complete Commercial Outing
Send aid for J&K through PM Relief Fund: Indian envoySend aid for J&K through PM Relief Fund: Indian envoy
What is love jihad  asks Home Minister Rajnath SinghWhat is love jihad  asks Home Minister Rajnath Singh
PRECIOUS-Gold slides to 7-1/2-month low  awaits policy cues from FedPRECIOUS-Gold slides to 7-1/2-month low  awaits policy cues from Fed
Rupee recovers from morning lows  trades at 60.82 per dollarRupee recovers from morning lows  trades at 60.82 per dollar
IFCI sells stake in Core EducationIFCI sells stake in Core Education
Warhol sells 1.87% stake in NCCWarhol sells 1.87% stake in NCC
Accumulate Reliance Industries; target of Rs 1046: EmkayLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Accumulate Reliance Industries; target of Rs 1046: Emkay
Brokerage house Emkay Global Financial Services is bullish on Reliance Industries (RIL) and has recommended accumulate rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 1046 in its research report.
Post your opinion here
 
Emkay's research report on  Reliance Industries (RIL)
"RIL's retail business revenues declined 9.8% qoq to Rs399bn, with EBITDA at Rs.1.7bn vs Rs0.92bn in Q4FY14. However, shale gas revenues increased by 2% qoq to $270mn on the back of an increase in sales volume by 10% qoq to 41.4bcfe. Hence, EBIDTA grew by 1% to $201mn qoq. However, realisation came lower from $7/mcfe to $6.58/mcfe. Cumulative investments in shale gas stood at $7.6bn across JVs. Substantial part of Pioneer and Carrizo JV capex met through cash from respective JV operations. While Chevron JV continues to account for substantial part of ongoing capex and funding needs.
RIL's decent performance during the quarter has largely been the result of lower depreciation and interest cost. However on margin front, it is too early to expect a sustained recovery in GRM. We maintain our weak/stable outlook on the refining cycle for the near term on the back of a higher incremental new capacity compared to incremental demand. The incremental net refining capacity additions are expected to be 1.7mbpd in the current year as against demand growth of 1mbpd.
However, in petchem, it is too early to expect a sustained recovery in demand and margins. In the case of petchem, demand remains a concern. Any weakness in demand could impact a sustained margin recovery.
Gas production from the KG basin is expected to increase in the coming quarters from MA field (D26; part of KGD6). However, incremental production from other fields, mainly Rseries, Satellite Field, etc. is expected by 2016, but would be subject to regulatory approval. Although a positive government stance on RIL's E&P efforts in terms of project approvals and gas pricing approval augurs well for the company. We remain cautious about RIL's refining and petchem margins for the near term, due to new capacities and/or weakening demand.
However, with the expected improvement in RIL's business profile in the next 2 years, potential upsides from positive developments in E&P and attractive valuations, we maintain an Accumulate rating on the stock, with a target price of Rs 1046(on FY16 SOTP). Currently, the stock trades at the FY16E PE multiple of 10.5x and 1.4x P/BV", says Emkay Global Financial Services research.
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy Exide Industries 180 Call: Navneet DagaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Exide Industries 180 Call: Navneet Daga
Navneet Daga of KR Choksey Securities recommends buying Exide Industries 180 Call.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Navneet Daga of KR Choksey Securities told CNBC-TV18, " Exide Industries has seen a good amount of volume breakout as well as open interest. We have seen a huge amount of long positions getting build up today and a lot of out of money options are getting active. So we believe this stock can surprise on the upside."
"One can look to buy 180 Call options which is priced at somewhere near to Rs 3.50, one should be looking to buy into it and keep a strict stoploss on the downside of Rs 1.2 and can expect a sharp momentum on the upside towards Rs 180-185 levels. That is where the Call Option would be priced somewhere near to Rs 7-7.50 and that is where one should be looking to book profits," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Sun Pharma  says Lancelot D CunhaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Sun Pharma, says Lancelot D'Cunha
Lancelot D'Cunha, CEO at ITI Wealth management is of the view that one may buy Sun Pharmaceutical Industries.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
Lancelot D'Cunha, CEO at ITI Wealth management told CNBC-TV18, "The fall in price gives an advantage or gives an opportunity to buy into  Sun Pharmaceutical Industries because over the next two-three years I do see Sun Pharma combining after the merger with  Ranbaxy Laboratories happens, they will be one of the larger players in the pharmaceutical space and Sun Pharma has a very strong pipeline of drugs which are already filed in the US and US sales after this initial hitch which is these regulatory issues get sorted out, its more a matter of getting the right kind of practices put into the plant and then get certification but overall the business of Sun Pharma looks very strong and one should use this dip in terms of an opportunity to accumulate the stock in the long-term."
He further added, "There could be two outcomes; if the Halol inspection is positive and Sun Pharma is cleared from almost all issues then the stock price would jump up. It will be difficult then to try and get the stock at this level. Since you are looking at two or three year horizon a better strategy would be to put in at least 25-30 percent of capital and if there is a negative news then you can add another 70 percent at lower value when the selling stabilises at lower levels because that would be an opportunity to buy."
RELATED NEWS

Manas Datta appointed Wockhardt CFOHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Manas Datta appointed Wockhardt CFO
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
Manas Datta has been appointed as Chief Financial Officer of Wockhardt Ltd, effective September 10, said the company in an exchange filing.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Nikkei rises to near 8-month high on weak yenmarket and exchange
Sources said Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Central Bank Governo Haruhiko Kuroda to meet at noon
Japan's Nikkei share average rose to a near eight-month high on Thursday morning as the weak yen lifted sentiment ahead of a meeting later in the day between the Central Bank Governor and Prime Minister fuelled expectations for additional easing.
The Nikkei climbed 0.6 percent to 15,889.98 in mid-morning trade after reaching up to 15,905.03, the highest since mid-January. The broader Topix hit a six-year high, rising 0.6 percent to 1,314.63. Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will meet at noon 0300 GMT for a regular exchange of views on the economy, sources said.
The focus will be on whether Mr. Abe will urge the Bank of Japan to ease monetary policy further if the economic rebound from a deep second-quarter contraction proved to be much weaker than expected, analysts say. "Stock market investors are seeing if the yen weakens further while they expect Abe to pressure Kuroda," Daiwa Securities analyst Kenji Shiomura said.
In New York trade, the dollar hit a six-year high of 106.89 yen and remained a whisker away early in Asia. Exporters got a boost, with Toyota Motor Corp rising 0.9 percent, Sony Corp jumping 3.1 percent and Toshiba Corp soaring 2.1 percent. Dainippon Screen Mfg Co surged 2.9 percent after the Nikkei business daily reported that the company would likely reap profits from LCD panel-making equipment in fiscal 2014 for the first time in four years. The JPX-Nikkei Index 400 gained 0.3 percent to 11,895.57.

EU fires fresh salvos at Google over online searchesUpdated: September 11, 2014 10:06 IST
EU fires fresh salvos at Google over online searches
DPA
AP The European Commission has spent four years delving into the world of Google online searches, building a case that the internet giant is illegally squashing competitors. File photo
TOPICS
company information
The European Commission has been investigating Google practices since November 2010 after competitors such as Microsoft complained about the company’s dominance of the internet search engine market.
It looked like there was light at the end of the tunnel in the long-running battle between the EU and Google over online searches. The two sides were closing in on a settlement. But now the EU says it wants more concessions from Google in the light of new information.
The European Commission has spent four years delving into the world of Google online searches, building a case that the internet giant is illegally squashing competitors.
The search engine had long looked set to avoid a multibillion-euro fine, thanks to concessions that would change the way its online search results are displayed.
This week, however, the case was back to the drawing board — and potentially headed towards the “adversarial proceedings” that the company has been trying hard to avoid.
“We have received new elements and data from complainants concerning the effectiveness of the latest remedies package,” EU Competition Commissioner Joaquin Almunia said on Wednesday during a visit to the United States. ”... Some of their arguments seem to be solid enough to be taken into consideration. We now need to see if Google can propose solutions to these issues by improving its offer,” he said, confirming earlier reports that the commission — the European Union’s executive body — would seek new concessions.
Google said it would “continue to work with the European Commission to resolve the concerns they have raised.” As the EU’s competition watchdog, the commission can slap hefty fines on companies found to be violating the bloc’s rules, but it often also gives them a chance to settle to try to avoid lengthy and costly legal battles.
“Many companies today prefer to settle to limit the damage to their reputation, clean up their operations and go back to business as quickly as possible,” Mr. Almunia noted in a speech at Washington’s Georgetown University.
The commission has been investigating Google practices since November 2010 after competitors such as Microsoft complained about the company’s dominance of the internet search engine market. Google has a 90—per—cent share of the general web search market in Europe.
“Though other search engines exist, almost everyone surfs the Internet via Google,” Mario Mariniello of the Brussels-based Bruegel think tank said. “While this has attracted the antitrust authorities’ attention, it also highlights how much users value Google’s service.” The EU investigation has focused on concerns that the firm is giving its specialized services — such as Google Maps, Google Shopping and Google Places — favourable treatment in the way it displays online search results, hampering competition and user choices.
Mr. Almunia said in February that he had been won over by guarantees from Google that it would henceforth display more prominently the services of rivals. But the commissioner swiftly faced headwinds, not only from complainants in the case but also from within the commission.
German publishers were among those putting pressure on Mr. Almunia to back away from the settlement, arguing that it does not go far enough in reining in Google’s abuse of its dominant position.
“If this settlement were to happen, it would actually make matters worse,” Christoph Keese, a top official at the German publishing house Axel Springer, argued in May. The company’s chief executive, Mathias Doepfner, has said that Axel Springer is “afraid” of Google’s power.
But Google has also been pushing back with chief executive Eric Schmidt writing on a blog on Saturday that it is not true “to say that we are promoting our own products at the expense of the competition.” “To date, no regulator has objected to Google giving people direct answers to their questions for the simple reason that it is better for users,” he argued.
Andrea Renda of the Centre for European Policy Studies said she believes that Mr. Almunia, whose term with the commission is ending next month, went down the wrong road by “trying to make everyone happy.” “Almunia has invested a lot of political capital in this, and he wants to settle of course before he goes, but it’s tough,” Ms. Renda said. “Maybe he’s realized that he was going nowhere with the case and the settlement was simply a sort of Frankenstein — it was a monster.”
Mr. Mariniello said that meeting the demands of Google’s competitors “could mean the death of Google’s business model.” Ms. Renda argued that it would be more helpful for the case to run its course all the way to the European Court of Justice, arguing that the “back and forth” has “already damaged significantly European competition law.” “This would be an opportunity for the Court of Justice to finally say something about competition in cyberspace,” she said, noting that another landmark case involving Microsoft had also ended with a settlement.

Aircel-Maxis case: Dayanidhi Maran  pressured  C Sivasankaran to sell his companies  says CBIPrint
According to the CBI, the Malaysian firm was favoured by Maran and granted licence within six months after the take over of Aircel in December 2006.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 11, 2014 1:05 pm | Updated: September 11, 2014 2:05 pm
Former Telecom Minister Dayanidhi Maran had “pressurised” and “forced” Chennai-based telecom promoter C Sivasankaran to sell his stakes in Aircel and two subsidiary firms to Malaysian firm Maxis Group in 2006, the CBI on Thursday told a special court.
“Accused number one (Dayanidhi Maran) forced Sivasankaran to sell his companies. He (Sivasankaran) sold his three firms to Malaysia’s Maxis Communication Berhad, accused number six,” the CBI told Special Judge O P Saini during arguments on consideration of charge sheet filed in the Aircel-Maxis deal case.
The CBI had on August 29 filed the charge sheet in the case against Dayanidhi Maran, his brother Kalanidhi Maran and six others, including four firms.
During the arguments on Thursday, senior public prosecutor K K Goel told the court, “In this case, seller (Sivasankaran) was the victim as he was not allowed to do his business by Dayanidhi Maran.”
He said, “Several issues relating to Sivasankaran’s firms were kept pending by Dayanidhi Maran, who was the then Telecom Minister, and no decision was being taken on them.
“There was strangulation of these three companies and they were unable to perform their business,” the agency said.
It said that as soon as Maxis Group bought Sivasankaran’s firms, all the pending issues were cleared by Dayanidhi Maran giving undue benefit to the Malaysian company.
“If accused number one (Dayanidhi) had cleared all the issues and had given licences and spectrum to Sivasankaran’s firms, then Maxis Group would have had to pay much more to buy the companies,” it claimed.
Besides the Maran brothers, the CBI has named Malaysian business tycoon T Ananda Krishnan, Malaysian national Augustus Ralph Marshall and four firms–Sun Direct TV Pvt Ltd, Maxis Communication Berhad, Astro All Asia Network PLC and South Asia Entertainment Holding Ltd–as accused in the case.
They have been chargesheeted for the offences punishable under section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) of the IPC and under relevant provisions of the Prevention of Corruption Act.
The court, after hearing the submissions advanced by the prosecutor on Thursday, fixed the matter for further arguments on September 22.
“Documents which were returned to CBI for getting it scanned have been filed in the court. Same be taken on record. Arguments on cognisance heard for sometime. Documents are voluminous and their perusual would take sometime. Put up for further arguments on cognisance on September 22,” the judge said.
During the arguments, the agency claimed that Dayanidhi Maran, during his tenure as the Telecom Minister from February 2004 to May 2007, had allegedly abused his official position and showed undue favour to Ananda Krishnan-owned company.
Besides these accused, ex-Telecom Secretary J S Sharma, who has died, has also been named in the CBI’s charge sheet.
However, his name has been put in a column of the accused against whom trial cannot proceed.
The 72-page charge sheet includes the names of 151 CBI witnesses and a continued…

BSE Sensex closes lower for the third straight day  oil cos  shares dropShares in ONGC provisionally fall 3.56 percent to Rs 429.55. (Reuters)
Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: September 11, 2014 10:24 am | Updated: September 11, 2014 4:26 pm
BSE Sensex fell for a third consecutive session on Thursday to hit its lowest level in two weeks as three state-run companies, including Oil & Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) , slumped after the government announced it would pare its stakes in them.
The benchmark BSE index closed 0.23 percent lower at 26,995.87 points, while the broader NSE index fell 0.1 percent to 8,085.70.

Why mortgage rates did not rise as expected this yearSigns welcome visitors to a model home as construction is under way at a housing development in Zelienople, Pa. Average long-term U.S. mortgage rates rose slightly this week but remained near their lows for the year. (AP Photo/Keith Srakocic)
Throughout the year, mortgage rates have defied expectations.
House hunters who were bracing for rates to increase instead saw them fall and then plateau in recent months,  settling in at their lows for the year. The trend continued this week, with the average rate on a 30-year fixed rate mortgage at 4.12 percent, barely budging from 4.10 percent last week, according to a closely-watched Freddie Mac survey.
Many firms regularly track interest rates and come up with a slightly different numbers because they survey different lenders at different times of the day or week. But most of them don’t expect rates to change much any time soon, and they’ve adjusted their forecasts to reflect that.
Early in the year, when it looked like the economy might pick up steam, Freddie Mac expected that the average rate would rise to 5.1 percent by year’s end. Since then, it has pulled back its projection to 4.3 percent, said Len Kiefer, Freddie’s deputy chief economist.
Kiefer noted that rates on a 30-year, fixed mortgage have not moved more than a tenth of a percentage point on a week to week basis all year — a first since 1977, and there’s no reason to expect they will move much as the year winds down.
 
 
The recent flat-lining of mortgage rates has to do with the U.S. economy’s lackluster growth, as well as political tensions around the world.
Late into the 2008 financial crisis, as part of a broad push to stimulate the economy, the Fed began buying a sizeable chunk of treasuries and mortgage-backed securities issued by firms such as Freddie and Fannie Mae. The purchases pushed interest rates reliably below the 6 percent mark for the first time in years.
The Fed conducted two more rounds of purchases — the most recent one beginning in fall 2012 -— that caused mortgages rates to fall to some of the lowest levels ever recorded. The average rate on a 30-year, fixed rate loan dropped to an all-time low of 3.31 percent the week of Nov. 21, 2012.
It was widely believed back then that the Fed would scale back its purchases once the economy improved and private buyers of mortgage-backed securities returned to the market.  But the timing of the pullback was up in the air until June 2013, when the Fed signaled it would soon start to trim its purchases. The market got spooked. Rates started rising, peaking at 4.58 percent in August of that year, nearly a full percentage point higher than a year earlier.
“With the Fed moving away, it was feared that the private market would not have the capacity to step up and buy the securities,” which totaled about $1.5 trillion that year, said Keith Gumbinger, a vice president at the mortgage research firm HSH.com.
As it turned out, however, the supply did not overwhelm demand because the higher interest rates discouraged people from refinancing or buying homes, and the volume of mortgage backed securities dwindled, Gumbinger said. In the meantime, the economy improved. The Fed began scaling back its purchases in January, and economists began predicting that rates would rise further.
“When the economy is doing better, people take more risks and demand more homes, which pushes up mortgage rates,” said Kiefer of Freddie Mac. “When the economy is not growing, it keeps interest rates down.”
But optimism about the economy faded this year after a brutal first quarter, when the economy contracted.  The bad economic news helped keep rates low for the first half of the year, and international events are expected to keep them down through December.
With unrest in the Ukraine and the Middle East, and economic turmoil in some European countries, investors across the globe are clamoring for relatively safe U.S. bonds. When demand for long-term bonds is high, the yield falls on long term investments. That ultimately translates into lower rates on 30-year, fixed rate mortgages, which are long-term investments.
But just because rates are low, that doesn’t necessarily mean that people should be scrambling to buy a home, said Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com.
“I don’t think you should rush to buy a home out of concern about mortgage rates any more than you should rush to get married because there’s a sale at the bridal shop,” McBride said. “You should buy a house when you’re financially ready to do so and your life circumstances dictate it.”
In other words, buy when you’ve saved for a down payment , paid down your debts, and boosted your credit score – which ultimately should help you secure a low rate on a mortgage.
And thank your lucky stars that you’re not dealing with 1980s-era rates. 
Dina ElBoghdady covers housing policy for The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/get-there, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410453114/1410453114000/1410453114 tracking: {authors=Dina ElBoghdady, blog_name=get-there, content_category=Business/get-there, in_url_headline=mortgage-rates-were-supposed-to-rise-this-year-heres-why-they-didnt, post_id=450, section={section=business/get-there, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 4:31:54 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 4:31:54 PM

Vodafone says door is open to new dealsSeptember 11, 2014 10:07 pm
Vodafone says door is open to new deals
By Daniel Thomas, Telecoms Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/29cef142-39cd-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why Gen. John Allen coordinating in the Islamic State fight makes senseBy Dan Lamothe September 11 Follow @danlamothe
Retired Gen. John Allen, shown here in a July 22, 2012, photo during an interview with The Associated Press, has been selected to coordinate President Obama’s new campaign against the Islamic State militant group, the AP reported Thursday. (Associated Press/Musadeq Sadeq)
Updated at 9:28 p.m.
Retired Marine Gen. John R. Allen, who played a crucial role in empowering Iraqi tribes against al-Qaeda in 2007 and later became the top commander in the Afghanistan war, reportedly has been selected to coordinate the new international effort to combat the Islamic State militant group in Iraq and Syria.
A U.S. government official told Checkpoint that Allen will step in as nearly 40 countries determine what roles they will play in the mission. It will include not only a military component, but also efforts to hurt the Islamic State financially and efforts to deter foreign fighters from traveling to Iraq and Syria to join the fight. Allen’s pending new assignment was first reported Thursday  by the Associate Press.
Officials at the Pentagon, State Department and White House had no immediate response to the report on Thursday. If true, though, the move is likely to be greeted warmly at home and abroad. Allen is regarded in the military as a tough fighter who understands rank-and-file service members, but also has extensive experience in diplomacy and interacting with world leaders.
As a one-star commander in Iraq in 2007, he emphasized meeting with powerful Sunni sheiks in Anbar province, offering protection and financial incentives if they would reject the radical Sunnis aligned with militants. That strategy paid dividends, easing violence in what had been some of Iraq’s most violent areas.
“Everywhere we have seen failure … in Iraq it has generally been because we dismissed the role of the tribes and the sheiks,” Allen said in an interview with USA Today that year.
Allen would go on to serve as the three-star deputy commander of U.S. Central Command, where he interacted with leaders from many Middle Eastern countries who will be involved in combating the Islamic State now. He became a four-star general and took over the Afghanistan war in July 2011, interacting regularly with notoriously difficult Afghan President Hamid Karzai before retiring in 2013.
Allen has been blunt that the United States needs to strike the Islamic State hard. The U.S. has an obligation to do so, he said in a June interview with Defense One .
“We did not ask for this emergency, but it is upon us, and this is a moment for U.S. strategic leadership,” Allen told Defense One. “The Iraqis badly need our help, and our friends and partners in the region are, once again, turning to the U.S. for leadership and decisive action.”
In coordinating the involvement of other nations, Allen would not serve as a military commander in Iraq. But he could help in managing complicated relationships needed to fight the Islamic State, including with countries such as Turkey and Saudi Arabia.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world/national-security, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410469287/1410469287000/1410469287 tracking: {authors=Dan Lamothe, blog_name=checkpoint, content_category=World/national-security, in_url_headline=why-gen-john-allen-is-a-logical-point-man-in-the-fight-against-the-islamic-state, post_id=4078, section={section=world/national-security, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 9:01:27 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 9:01:27 PM

CIA triples ISIS estimates  says 30 000 fighters in Iraq  SyriaCIA says 30,000 ISIS fighters in Iraq, Syria
AFP
print
Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria now have about 20,000 to 31,500 fighters on the ground, the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) said on Thursday, much higher than a previous estimate of 10,000.
Among those in Syria are 15,000 foreign fighters including 2,000 Westerners, some of whom have joined IS, a US intelligence official told AFP.
The figures were revealed one day after President Barack Obama vowed to expand an offensive against IS extremists, a plan which foresees new air strikes against IS in Syria, expanded attacks in Iraq and new support for Iraqi government forces.
"CIA assesses the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (IS) can muster between 20,000 and 31,500 fighters across Iraq and Syria, based on a new review of all-source intelligence reports from May to August," CIA spokesman Ryan Trapani said in a statement.
"This new total reflects an increase in members because of stronger recruitment since June following battlefield successes and the declaration of a caliphate, greater battlefield activity, and additional intelligence," he said.
Senior US officials have voiced concern at the presence of foreign fighters among the Sunni extremists who hold Western passports, potentially enabling them to return from the battlefield prepared to carry out terror attacks in Europe or the United States.
IS militants have seized large swathes of territory in Iraq in recent months, displaying brutal tactics and releasing videos of the grisly executions of two American reporters.
Watch: Syria, Iran slam US plan against the Islamic State
The White House has insisted that President Barack Obama is authorized to strike IS in Iraq and Syria under a law passed by Congress after the September 11 attacks in 2001.
However Obama learned Thursday that he may have a wait on his hands before Congress signs off on his plan to train and equip Syrian rebels, a key plank in his strategy to destroy Islamic State radicals.
Also on Thursday the Pentagon announced that US combat aircraft will soon start flying out of a base in the Kurdish region of northern Iraq as part of a "more aggressive" air campaign against IS jihadists.
The use of Arbil air base reflects the broadening US offensive, though attack helicopters already have been flying out of bases in Iraq.
The announcement came on the 13th anniversary of the September 11 attacks in 2001 -- a day that fell, in a trace of bitter irony, only hours after Obama's remarks steeling Americans for a battle against Muslim fanaticism in the Middle East.

Sensex  Nifty witness see-saw trade ahead of CPI dataMarket update: Sensex regains 27,000, Nifty ends above 8,100 ahead of eco data
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 17:14 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Snapping a three-day losing trend, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday rose 65 points to reclaim the 27,000-level and the broader Nifty gained 20 points to end above the 8,100-mark led by jump in shares of Cipla, ITC, HDFC ahead of industrial output and retail inflation data releases.
The 30-share BSE index resumed higher and moved side-ways in a range of over 100 points before ending at 27,061.04 - a rise of 65.17 points (or 0.24 per cent). It had lost almost 324 points in previous three sessions on caution due to worries over early rate hikes by US Federal Reserve, among others.
On a weekly basis, the BSE Sensex logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up 34.30 points.
The 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty reclaimed the 8,100-mark by recovering 19.80 points (or 0.24 per cent) to end at 8,105.50.
It had shed over 88 points in previous three days.
On a weekly basis, Nifty also logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up nearly 19 points.
The government is scheduled to release Industrial Production (IIP) data for July and inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for August 2014 at around 5:30 pm.
The rebound in benchmark indices was led by Cipla, Bharti Airtel, M&M, HDFC, HDFC Bank, HUL, ITC, SBI, Sesa Sterlite and TCS. Overall, 16 counters gained in the 30-scrip index.
Laggards included Hindalco, Sun Pharma, RIL, NTPC, L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank, CIL, Dr Reddy, BHEL and Tata Power.
Sectorally, the BSE Healthare Index gained the most by rising 0.74 per cent, followed by Consumer Durables index (0.72 per cent), Auto index (0.64 per cent), FMCG index (0.54 per cent) and Banking index (0.29 per cent).
Small-cap and mid-caps continued their upward journey. The BSE Midcap index gained 0.20 per cent and Smallcap index rose 0.50 per cent on sustained retail investor interest.
Meanwhile, Snowman Logistics made a stellar debut on the NSE with shares surging nearly 70 per cent.
Globally, Asian indices ended mixed. Europe barometers opened up ahead of a meeting of euro-area finance ministers.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 433.55 crore on Thursday, as per provisional data.

Missing  train traced after 17 days in Bihar'Missing' train traced after 17 days in Bihar
IANS  Patna, September 12, 2014
First Published: 09:29 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:21 IST(12/9/2014)
Comments
A train which went missing from one railway division in Bihar was finally traced Thursday after 17 long days -- from another division, senior officials said.
The Gorakhpur-Muzaffarpur passenger train "went missing" from Hajipur on the night of Aug 25 after the derailment of a goods train led to the diversion of several trains on other routes.
As this train began taking a new route, passengers quickly got off -- and the train was reported "missing", Arun Malik, divisional manager in the Samastipur railway division, told IANS.
"We finally traced it today at a railway station in another division," he said.
Malik said no police case was registered regarding the "missing" train since the railways were themselves looking for it.
He added that the driver of the train also made no contact with the concerned division, adding to the mystery.

Rupee recovers from losses  up 2 paise to 60.91Forex Update: Rupee logs sixth weekly rise, ends at 60.65 against dollar
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 13, 2014  | 11:54 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The rupee on Friday gained 28 paise, notching up its best daily gain in a month, to end strong at 60.65 against the American currency on heavy dollar selling by banks and exporters amid positive cues from equity markets .
A weak US dollar overseas and capital inflows also helped the rupee rally for the second straight day, forex dealers said. This helped the domestic unit to end with gain of 26 paise for the week, the sixth straight weekly rise.
Against its major global rivals, the dollar index was trading lower by 0.03 per cent. This was ahead of some economic data and the US Federal Reserve's meeting on rates early next week.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit commenced lower at 60.97 a dollar from last close of 60.93 and immediately touched a low of 61.03.
It later rebounded on dollar selling by exporters and some banks amid better domestic stocks to a high of 60.6450, settling finally at 60.65, with a rise of 28 paise (0.46 per cent).
The rupee recorded its best daily gain since the 45-paise rise on August 14, 2014.
Trading range  for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.10 to 61.00, said Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group.
The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday recouped 65.17 points, or 0.24 per cent, ahead of the announcement of key macro economic data later in the day today. FPIs/FIIs had picked up shares worth US $77.48 million on Thursday, as per provisional data.
The government released industrial production (IIP) data for July , which showed industrial output grew 0.5 per cent, and August inflation based on consumer price index (CPI), which eased to 7.08 per cent on year-on-year basis.

Sebi may be booked in Bank of Rajasthan caseSebi may be dragged to court for alleged irregularities in Bank of Rajasthan case
Mail Today Bureau     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 13:13 IST
Sebi Chairman U K Sinha
Alleging major irregularities in the order passed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) in the Bank of Rajasthan (BoR) case, some minority shareholders of the bank have decided to approach the Bombay High Court (HC) for relief.
Alleging that senior Sebi officials, including chairman U.K. Sinha and chief vigilance officer (CVO) R.K. Padmanabhan, showed favour to BoR promoters, shareholders Rajesh Agarwal and Vijay Garg, backed by some 200-odd minority shareholders, have decided to file a writ petition in HC on Friday.
The shareholders have alleged that Sebi's order that the appellant- a BoR shareholder-is not affected by the regulator's decision to lift ban on the lender's 100 promoter entities from accessing the capital market is flawed and intended to shield the promoters.
In March, Sebi had revoked the ban on the 100 entities, belonging or linked to the Tayal Group-the promoters-observing that they had been barred for last two years from the securities markets and that there is no need to continue the directions any further.
The revocation came despite an investigation finding violation by 92 out of the 100 entities. But Sebi had recommended adjudication proceedings against them. Even as the proceedings would continue, the regulator said all the 100 entities are free to participate in the market.
The promoters had conveyed to MAIL TODAY had reported on August 29 that CVO and ED investigation R.K. Padmanabhan has got an extension despite three complaints against him and in violation of CVC rules.
Sebi that they were reducing their shareholding in BoR (now merged with ICICI Bank ) from 44.18 per cent as of three months ended June 2007 to 28.61 per cent as of the quarter ended December 2009 to comply with a Reserve Bank of India directive to reduce the stake. However, Agarwal and Garg claim to have supporting documents that show that the promoters actually held 63.15-per cent of the shares. This wrongful acquisition of shares resulted in ill-gotten gains up to the tune of Rs 703 crore, they have alleged.
"And, if one includes the gains from bonus shares, the promoters made illegal gains up to the tune of Rs 1,000 crore," Agarwal said. While Sebi has the power to levy a penalty of three times this amount on the promoters, it fined them just Rs 30 crore," Agarwal added. "We informed Sebi on April 15 but it chose to ignore our complaint.
Thus, we have decided to approach the court. In our writ petition, we are seeking reinvestigation into the matter. The ill-gotten gains must be quantified and the 30,000 minority shareholders of BoR must be compensated. We are also seeking that R.K. Padmanabhan be removed as the CVO," Agarwal further added. The shareholders claim that the matter was brought to the notice of Sebi but Padmanabhan, who was heading the investigation, ignored it.

Supreme Court stays Surinder Koli s execution till October 29SC stays Surinder Koli's execution till Oct 29
PTI  New Delhi, September 12, 2014
First Published: 11:04 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:51 IST(12/9/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court on Friday extended till October 29 the stay on execution of death sentence of Nithari rapist-cum-serial killer Surinder Koli.
A bench headed by justice HL Dattu posted the case for hearing on October 29, on Koli's plea seeking review of apex court's verdict upholding his conviction and death sentence in one of the murder cases.
On September 8, the bench, also comprising justice AR Dave, had stayed the execution of death sentence of Koli for killing children in a house in Nithari village in Noida near here in 2006, for a period of one week. 
Read: Surinder Koli’s mother meets him in jail after eight years
Watch: SC stays Nithari killings accused Surinder Koli's execution till October 29
The plea on behalf of 42-year-old Koli was moved by a team of lawyers led by senior advocate Indira Jaising and was mentioned before the bench after midnight and the order was passed at 1:40am, hours before his execution.
Koli was to be hanged on the early morning of September 8, in Meerut jail, where he has been kept in a high-security barrack.
The lawyers had sought review of the apex court's July 24, 2014 order dismissing the plea to stay the execution of death sentence awarded to Koli.
While seeking stay of execution of the capital punishment, Jaising, along with advocate Yug Choudhary and others, had referred to the September 2 verdict of the apex court in which it had held that the review plea of condemned prisoners must be given an open court hearing.

Production from HMSI s Gujarat plant to start in 2016Production from HMSI's Gujarat plant to start in in the beginning of 2016
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 13:30 IST
Photo: Reuters
Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) on Friday said the operationalisation of its fourth plant in Gujarat will be delayed by about a quarter and will start production in the beginning of 2016.
"Due to the elections earlier this year, there has been a delay in the start of work at the Gujarat plant. We expect to start production at the plant in first quarter of 2016 instead of last quarter of 2015 as planned earlier," HMSI Keita Muramatsu told PTI in Delhi on the sidelines of SIAM annual convention.
The company is investing Rs 1,000 crore to set up the plant that will have an annual capacity of 1.2 million units.
HSMI has started ground levelling work at the plant now, he added.
"This will be mainly for scooter and once the plant comes into operations, it will give us the flexibility at the three other plants to adjust motorcycle production to meet demand," he said.
The company will have a total annual production capacity of 5.8 million when the fourth plant at Gujarat goes on full steam.
The company currently has three plants at Manesar (Haryana), Tapukara (Rajasthan) and Narsapura (Karnataka).
Ahead of the festive season, HMSI has also increased production of its scooter production.
It is currently producing over 15,000 units a day, which is up to 20 per cent more than what it had produced in the past, with the starting of third line at its Karnataka plant.
While he declined to share a detailed product launch plan, Muramatsu said the company will launch the CBR650 motorcycle next year that will be positioned as one of the its flagship bike brands in India.

Wipro partners Adobe for digital marketing servicesWipro partners Adobe for digital marketing services
PTI     Bangalore   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 14:32 IST
Wipro Chairman Azim Premji. (Photo: Reuters)
Country's third largest IT firm Wipro  has partnered with software major Adobe for creating integrated marketing, commerce, analytics and customer experience solutions.
Wipro has entered into a Premier Partnership with Adobe and is the first Indian global IT services company to attain this level of partnership, it said in a statement.
The solutions created will help businesses to better understand and win customers, increase share of wallet and differentiate through targeted, relevant and consistent conversations across multiple devices and channels, it added.
"This partnership will help us jointly deliver next generation digital marketing solutions and enhance Wipro's leadership in helping enterprises build rich customer experiences, enable customer insights and bring products and services to the market faster," Wipro CEO and Member of the Board, TK Kurien, said.
Besides, Wipro has also launched a Centre of Excellence (CoE) for Oracle engineered solutions in Bangalore.
This CoE is aimed at delivering future ready systems through application modernisation and data centre consolidation programmes for customers, especially in financial services, telecom, retail, utilities, manufacturing among others, it said.
The Wipro CoE for Oracle solutions has developed an integrated solution framework to optimise, migrate and deploy Oracle's engineered systems, including Oracle Exadata Database Machine and Oracle Exalogic Elastic Cloud.
These solutions can be delivered on-premise or in the private cloud or public cloud by leveraging Wipro data centres.
Wipro has invested in a Oracle engineered systems Lab to develop these solutions and provide customers a 'Test Bed', enabling a quick and effortless adoption of the platform, it said.

Upset over having only two daughters and no son angry Bihar man bobbitises himselfUpset over having two daughters and no son, angry Bihar man bobbitises himself
IANS  Patna, September 12, 2014
First Published: 12:56 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:15 IST(12/9/2014)
Comments
A man in Bihar has bobbitised himself, sniping off his penis with a sharp knife in a fit of rage after a heated argument with his wife, police said Friday. The man was angry that the couple doesn't have a male child.
"The man was upset for some time for having only two daughters, and repeatedly taunting his wife for not bearing a male child. This led to a dispute between them," a relative told police.
This shocking incident took place Thursday in Siwan district's Khojwa village.
Relatives informed police that the man, in his early 30s, works in Qatar and currently is at home on leave for a month.
Police said the critically injured man was admitted to a hospital and they were investigating the matter.
What happened to his private part is not yet clear.

Current bull run is bigger: experts; last one saw Sensex surging 680%A K Prabhakar
(India is firmly in a multi-year…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian markets have rallied nearly 28 per cent so far in the year 2014, outpacing other regional as well developed markets. Despite the recent run-up, analysts feel that the rally is here to stay, which can take the Sensex to around 40-50k levels by 2016-end.
India is firmly in a multi-year structural bull market, say analysts, adding that we are in the second stage of the bull run. As per a Dow theory, there are three phases of a bull market.
The first stage of a bull market is referred to as the accumulation phase, which is the start of the upward trend. The second phase starts when informed investors enter the market and this is known as 'Public Participation Phase'.
The last stage in the upward trend, the excess phase, in which smart money starts to scale back its positions. The important thing to note in this phase is the fact that the momentum is not that strong and early signs of primary downtrend become visible.
"The last bull market started back in 2003 April and Sensex rallied from a low of 2904 to 21206, returning almost 680 per cent," said A K Prabhakar , Independent Market Expert.
"This bull market started in August 2013 from levels around 17,448 and my target is 45,000-50,000 levels by 2016-end," he added.
Bull markets start during a phase of huge pessimism which is generally the end of the bear markets or early recovery phase and then the further growth of the market is followed with skepticism. Then bull markets mature on optimism and then die after an elongated euphoria.
"There are three phases of a bull market and three phases of a bear market. By my reckoning, we are at the second phase of the bull market," said Ramesh Damani , Member, BSE .
"Each bull market is bigger than the preceding bull market. It creates more wealth. It creates more opportunities. I am more excited," he added.
However, analysts are of the view that we are still not in the hyper confidence mode and still the rally is being looked through skepticism, if not by many.
Why would this market be any different from the previous bull markets that we have seen in the past? Well, analysts see this bull market to be long-lasting and much more matured than the other bull markets because it is backed by recovery in fundamentals and a stable government.
"This bull run, which comes in phases, would be less based on euphoria and more to the future earnings and fundamentals attached to it during this time," said Siddharth Sedani, Vice President (Portfolio Management Service) at Microsec Capital Ltd.
"Previous bull runs like 2004-08, 1995-99 and 1990-92 lacked majority government at the center, which is unlike this time. The potential of full majority government would be realized by this bull run. So, it would have depth and strength to sustain as being a multi-year bull run," he added.
How should investors play this market?
Everything seems to be working great for the Indian markets which have rallied over 27 per cent so far in the year 2014, beating other emerging market peers.
But, as history suggests, nothing moves in a straight line and Indian markets might also see some corrections in future.
Analysts still advise investors to tread with caution because we are trading at record highs and it is perfectly normal to witness periodic corrections or profit booking. Investors should use these opportunities to enter markets or accumulate quality stocks at lower levels.
Damani is of the view that it (a bull market) is a life altering event and it is still not too late to get into the bull market just because it has gone up from 17,000 to 26,000.
The participation of retail investors in the Indian equity market is yet to happen and the rally would continue in the long run due to fundamentally sound steps taken by the new government and improving global outlook.
"I believe that this is the time to accumulate the stocks of those companies which have either started reporting better set of earnings or have the potential to take maximum advantage out of the economic revival," said Tushar Pendharkar, Equity Strategist, Right Horizons Financial Services.
Vivek Gupta - Director Research, CapitalVia Global Research Ltd is of the view that investors should be stock specific and look to invest in the sectors where money has still not flown in. Capital goods and steel sectors are the sectors to be looked upon in the coming year.
"Also, financial sectors, especially the stocks of brokerage houses, can be a good place to invest in or be in the coming years because these are the stocks which generally show the real momentum in the last stage of the bull markets," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See 8.5% EBITDA margins on US  Korea export order: Gravita01:30 pm
Rajat Agrawal, managing director,  Gravita Limited expects the company to earn 8 to 8.5 percent EBITDA margins from its US, Korean markets export orders.
Below is the edited transcript of Rajat Agrawal’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Reema Tendulkar
Ekta: The latest news is that you all have bagged an export order worth Rs 230 crore. Can you just tell us more details about the order, whom is it from, when does execution start and what are the margins?
A: This order of around 18000 tonnes we got worth around Rs 230 crore, it is for pure lead ingots which scheduled supply from November onwards and this major supply will go to US and Korean market. So this order book will certainly add the top line around Rs 230 crore plus and EBITDA of around 8-8.5 percent for this coming period.
Reema: So with this order what would the order book stand at?
A: Last year we did Rs 517 crore of revenue and this year we are expecting around Rs 675 crore plus of revenue. With this, the order book the major revenue will certainly go to the next financial year but this financial year also this will add on certainly some excess quantities which we got 18000 tonnes of pure lead ingots.
Ekta: While you are confident on your top line growth, if I just take a look at your Q1 numbers, your revenue was at around Rs 114 crore but your EBITDA margins were only 5.3 percent. Can you just give us a sense in terms of what results in your operating margins being so low as compared to your top line and what is the scale up that you would like to work with at least in FY15?
A: If you see our last four years numbers, Q1 is always too low. Our sales are reasonably market driven. Basically in Q3 and Q4 we got the highest numbers so Q1 is always low because this is a seasonal effect. We are expecting that Q2 also will perform much better than the Q2 of previous year. If you see the CAGR for last three years of the company, it is 39 percent and CAGR for five years is 34 percent and company is confident to keep the same growth in the coming couple of years to go.
Reema: Are you looking to raise some money because you do have some capex plans. For that would you require any funds?
A: Actually the debt equity ratio is 0.8:1 which is pretty healthy. Presently the company is enjoying reasonably debt free environment. The long-term debt is just Rs 5.5 crore at the moment. So we have good debt leverage. At least this financial year we are not looking to raise some further equity at the moment. But my figures are crossed for the next couple of financial years.
Reema: What about in debt, would you look to raise some debt and if yes how much?
A: Not much, this is going to be a small debt of maximum Rs 30 crore if it is required so but majorly the company is focusing to plough back its profits into the company again. So the internal accrual will serve the purpose for the growth plans what we are planning.
Ekta: You have some aggressive capex lined up. If in case you do go through with a capex which is expected to be completed by FY16, where is this demand that you are going to be servicing coming from? Are you that confident that your utilisation rates would be that high for your additional capex on stream as well?
A: Normally the industrial average utilisation of the infrastructure, we are also of the same but the company is expecting to get the utilisation above 50-60 percent slot in the time to come by next year which is pretty high, the utilisation of our plant and machinery, capacities basically. The future capex we have planned around Rs 65 crore in next two financial years FY15-16 and FY16-17 which will serve our purpose what the company is having presently the future expansion plans.
Gravita India stock price
On September 15, 2014, Gravita India closed at Rs 91.40, up Rs 2.05, or 2.29 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 94.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 25.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 2.32 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 39.4. The latest book value of the company is Rs 12.67 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 7.21.
RELATED NEWS

Kashmir floods: Come hail or rain  Army won t stop until they are doneComments
From helicopter sorties to building bridges to tugging makeshift boats through muddied waters.  Our jawans have done it all  over the last one week to save tens of thousands marooned by the floods in Jammu and Kashmir. 
The jawans from the Indian Army, the Air Force and the National Disaster Relief Force braved hostile conditions to pull out 1.3 lakh survivors so far, while the state administration took a backseat. There are nearly four lakh more trapped by the waters in different areas, and the task is still by no means over.
We take a look at some amazing pictures of the daring rescue operations. 
 
Flood-affected Kashmiri residents ride on an Indian Army raft in Srinagar. AFP Photo
Flood victims board an Indian Air Force (IAF) helicopter after being rescued from a flooded area in Srinagar.  REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Srinagar: An Army jawan carrying a young boy to a relief camp after he was rescued. PTI Photo by Atul Yadav
Indian Army soldiers rescue a Kashmiri girl from her flooded house in Srinagar. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Tourists wait to be evacuated by Indian Air Force helicopters during rescue and relief operations following flooding in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
71 seriously ill persons airlifted. Indian Army has been conducting over 120 sorties everyday for rescue purposes. (Photo Credits: Army Directorate General of Public Information)
Handout photograph released by Ministry of Defence - a National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) team rescues stranded civilians in the flood affected part of Srinagar. AFP Photo/MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Member of the Indian Air Force's Garud Commando Force are lowered from a helicopter during a rescue operation for flood-affected people stranded on rooftops in Srinagar. REUTERS/ Ministry of Defence
An Army soldier carries relief packages for the flood Victims in Srinagar. PTI Photo
People being rescued by the Indian Army and local people after the flood at Tangpura in Srinagar. Raj k Raj/Hindustan Times
Indian Army personnel construct a bridge over the Poonch River to reconnect the Jammu-Poonch National Highway following flooding in Poonch. AFP Photo/MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Indian Army soldiers and civilians rescue an elderly flood victim in Srinagar. AP Photo/Altaf Qadri
Indian Army soldiers carry a seriously ill tourist towards a waiting Indian Air Force helicopter after he was rescued from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar.  AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Handout photograph released by Ministry of Defence - Indian Army personnel construct a bridge over the Poonch River to reconnect the Jammu-Poonch National Highway following flooding in Poonch. AFP Photo/MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Armed forces personnel offload relief material from an aircraft to distribute to flood affected people, at the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Indian Army soldiers carry a seriously ill tourist towards a waiting Indian Air Force helicopter after he was rescued from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
People being rescued by the Army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. Raj K Raj/HT Photo
The Army Cantt in Badami Bagh is submerged: yet the Army's commitment to the people of Srinagar continues. (Photo Credits: Army Directorate General of Public Information)
 
An Indian tourist cries as she is airlifted by a chopper in Srinagar. AP Photo
Sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik creates a sand sculpture dedicated to the Army, Air force, Navy and NDRF for their rescue operations in Jammu and Kashmir, at Puri beach. PTI Photo

Surplus cash of PSUs may be used to revive sickunitsPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 4:21 pm
Surplus cash of state-owned enterprises including those of Maharatnas and Navratnas lying idle in banks may be used to nurse ailing PSUs that can be revived back to health, the government said today.
The government has constituted a committee headed by NTPC Chairman Arup Roy Choudhury to study the proposal and submit a report in two months time.
The committee will examine the possibility of formation of a joint venture company funded by seed equity from Maharatna and other cash-rich central public sector enterprises (CPSEs) to administer and manage sick state-run enterprises that can be revived.
“All the Maharatnas and Navratnas combined have a (cash) surplus of around Rs 2 lakh crore which is lying idle in banks. We have given them a proposal to form a joint venture company which has equal equity share of all these cash rich companies.
There are 70 sick PSUs and 43 out of these can be revived, the Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises Minister Anant Geete said on the sidelines of the SIAM conference here.
“The new company formed will review and decide which sick PSUs can be revived. We want to give it entire responsibility to take over (revival of sick PSUs). There will be complete transparency in the process and the surplus money lying idle will certainly be used to revive sick PSUs,” Geete added.
Besides examining the feasibility of setting up of a separate company to nurse ailing PSUs back to health, the terms of reference of the Committee include identifying sources from which funds may be raised for the proposed entity as equity capital; and to recommend organisational structure of the proposed entity and its interface with the Ministries.
Geete also said the government proposes to launch the National Electric Mobility Mission Plan (NEMMP) for electric vehicles from Delhi, and a decision in this regard will be taken in a month’s time.
“Commuters will benefit as our aim is to run public transport on battery-operated electric vehicles. It will help maintain environmental balance. Delhi is considered the most polluted city in the entire country. We want to remove Delhi from that list, this is why we are starting the Plan from Delhi,” the Minister said.
The Mission Plan projects a potential for sales of 6-7 million Electric Vehicles (EVs), along with resultant fuel savings of 2.2-2.5 million tonnes that can be achieved by 2020.

RIL gas field investments depend on acceptable pricing:NikoPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 4:19 pm
Reliance Industries’ USD 10 billion investment in new fields off the east coast depends on the government approving acceptable gas price, its junior partner Niko Resources said.
RIL has an array of natural gas discoveries in the Krishna Godavari basin KG-D6 block as well as NEC-25 area off the Odisha coast and it along with its partners BP plc of UK and Niko has detailed plans to bring them to production in the next few years.
Canadian Niko Resources in its annual general meeting (AGM) presentation yesterday stated that “planned development projects in India (are) dependent on acceptable gas pricing.”
While the previous UPA government had approved a formula that would have doubled natural gas rates to USD 8.4 per million British thermal unit, the present dispensation is reviewing it and is likely to take a decision by month-end.
Niko said final investment decisions to develop R-Series gas fields as well as satellite discoveries in KG-D6 block is “waiting on favourable resolution of gas price.”
The partners say new field developments are economically unviable at the current price of USD 4.2.
The Canadian firm said final investment decisions on developing gas finds in NEC-25 block is “waiting on favourable resolution of gas price.”
With a decision on gas price hike, which was due on April 1, being delayed, Niko said it along with RIL and BP had in May field an “arbitration seeking market pricing as per terms of D6 Block PSC.”
Yesterday, BP India head Sashi Mukundan said the delay in gas price hike implementation was frustrating and was holding back investments.
“We are ready to go ahead with our first project which is probably a USD 4 billion project. We are getting ready to potentially move that forward (but) are waiting for the gas price decision. So is that frustration, yes because it was decided last June 2013,” he had stated.
The UPA government had in June 2013 approved a new gas pricing formula, which would have doubled the rate on its implementation from April 1, 2014.
The formula was notified in January 2014 but the Oil Ministry delayed announcement of a new rate, during which time general elections were announced and Election Commission asked the government to postpone implementation of the decision till the completion of polls.
The price hike, which was postponed to June 30, was again put off by another three months by the new government pending a comprehensive review.
The government has formed a four-member panel of secretaries to suggest a new gas pricing mechanism. The report of the committee is expected in next few days.

BSE Sensex closes higher; blue chipsleadPrint
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 12, 2014 4:14 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 4:37 pm
Snapping a three-day losing trend, Sensex today rose 65 points to reclaim 27,000-mark and Nifty gained 20 points to end above 8,100-level led by jump in Cipla, ITC, HDFC shares ahead of industrial output and retail inflation data releases.
The BSE 30-share barometer resumed higher and moved side-ways in a range of over 100 points before ending at 27,061.04 — a rise of 65.17 points, or 0.24 per cent. It had lost almost 324 points in previous three sessions on caution due to worries over early Fed rate hikes, among others.
On a weekly basis, Sensex logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up 34.30 points.
The 50-issue NSE Nifty reclaimed 8,100 level by recovering 19.80 points, or 0.24 per cent, to end at 8,105.50. It had shed over 88 points in previous three days.
On a weekly basis, Nifty also logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up nearly 19 points.
Government is scheduled to release Industrial Production (IIP) data for July and inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for August 2014 after market hours later today.
The rebound in benchmark indices was led by Cipla, Bharti Airtel, M&M, HDFC, HDFC Bank, HUL, ITC, SBI, Sesa Sterlite and TCS. Overall, 16 counters gained in the 30-scrip index.
Laggards included Hindalco, Sun Pharma, RIL, NTPC, L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank, CIL, Dr Reddy, BHEL and Tata Power.
Smallcap and midcaps continued their upward journey. The BSE Midcap index gained 0.20 per cent and Smallcap index rose 0.50 per cent on sustained retail investor interest.
Meanwhile, Snowman Logistics made a stellar debut on the NSE with shares surging nearly 70 per cent. Sector-wise, the BSE Healthare Index gained the most by rising 0.74 per cent, followed by Consumer Durables index (0.72 per cent), Auto index (0.64 per cent), FMCG index (0.54 per cent) and Banking index (0.29 per cent).
Globally, Asian indices ended mixed. Europe barometers opened up ahead of a meeting of euro-area finance ministers.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 433.55 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.

India has healthcare vision for the world: HarshVardhanPress Trust of India | Dhaka | Posted: September 12, 2014 4:04 pm
India has a healthcare vision for the world supported by its ancient system of holistic medication and is committed to extending cooperation and expertise to its neighbours, Health Minister Harsh Vardhan said here on Friday.
“We have a (healthcare) vision not only for India but for the entire world…while we will work for the people of the region,” Vardhan told PTI on the sidelines of a four-day conference of World Health Organisation (WHO).
Vardhan, a doctor by training, said India was willing to enter into a comprehensive partnership with Bangladesh and expanded cooperation in healthcare as his Bangladeshi counterpart Mohammad Nasim wanted expanded cooperation in this sector.
“We have developed good relations…and I am fully committed to him (Nasim)…we are going to help them (Bangladesh health ministry) in a big way,” he said.
Vardhan earlier witnessed the signing of a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for enhanced cooperation in the fields of traditional medicines like Ayurveda and Unani, as WHO decided to lay an extra focus on the issue as an “important part of healthcare” in the region.
Under the deal, the two countries agreed to exchange traditional medicines, and experts and physicians for conducting training, officials said.
Vardhan said despite being an allopathic doctor “my heart goes to traditional medicine”. He also stressed the need for extensive researches and training in the healthcare system.
“We are aware that Ayurveda today needs more research, and drugs need better manufacturing practices…(but) we would like this ancient system to be used for effective healing of mind and body and to be restored to its old glory by making it a holistic part of our healthcare,” he said.
When asked wheather the huge pharmaceutical industry have blocked the progress of traditional medicine systems, he said: “Neither the modern medicine nor the traditional medicine systems want to replace each other.”
Vardhan stressed the need for a change in lifestyle and outlook through a social movement for a healthy mind and body.
“Health is not physical (issue) alone…it is related to mind and soul. Preventive and positive health is my passion and this occupy 80 per cent of the health space.”
He said the objective of a heathcare system should be to ensure physical, mental, social and spiritual well-being of people.
“We are in the process to launch massive offensive against non-communicable diseases…we are going to work against malnutrition, obesity, and tuberculosis,” he said.
Vardhan said the Narendra Modi-led government In India was in a process of overhauling the healthcare system through review of procurements, plugging deficiencies and upgrading district hospitals into medical colleges to tackle shortage of doctors and medical personnel.
Health is not physical (issue) alone...it is related to mind and soul.

Telecom players offer free calling to users in floot-hitKashmirPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:59 pm
Even as telecom services are being restored in Kashmir Valley, mobile operators are offering free calling facility in the region.
Telecom operators including BSNL, Airtel, Vodafone and Reliance Communications (RCom) will offer free calling facility for a limited period in the Valley.
“Starting yesterday, free calling facility for 60 minutes per day has been extended to all Airtel customers in Kashmir for the next 5 days enabling them to reach out to their loved ones,” Airtel said in a statement.
Vodafone also said as directed by DoT, it is providing 60 minutes free calls per day for 5 days for all customers in Kashmir.
State-run BSNL said it will offer free calls(local as well as STD) and free SMS service to all those BSNL customers who will be using its mobile network in Srinagar.
BSNL said not only those customers who belong to that area but also the BSNL customers from other states of North Zone reaching Srinagar area for relief and rescue operations will be able to make free calls.
The facility has already been made available since night of September 11, 2014 and will continue for next 10 days, it said.
“There are no retailers or points where from people can get their accounts topped up. BSNL has, therefore decided to help people in that area by providing free call and SMS service with immediate effect,” BSNL Board Director Anupam Shrivastava said.
RCom is offering free calls at its PCOs at relief camps and the duration of each call is fixed at 3 minutes.
Aircel had also offered free calling for its customers on September 10 and 11. But now the operator is not offering free calls.

Bypolls to four Rajasthan assembly seats tomorrowPress Trust of India | Jaipur | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:52 pm
The stage is set for bypolls to four Assembly constituencies in Rajasthan on Saturday in which 8.95 lakh voters will decide the fate of 23 candidates in the fray.
Elaborate security arrangements have been made in the four Assembly constituencies Weir, Kota-South, Nasirabad and Surajgarh — for voting tomorrow, which will begin at 7 AM and continue till 6 PM, a senior official in the Chief Electoral Office said on Friday.
“As many as 23 candidates, including four each from ruling BJP and opposition Congress, are in the fray. About 8.95 lakh eligible voters, 4.70 lakh men and 4.24 lakh women, would exercise their franchise at the 950 polling stations that has been set up in all the four constituencies. Of these, 242 have been marked as ‘critical’,” the official said.
There are about 2.40 lakh voters in Surajgarh seat of Jhunjhunu district, 2.17 lakh in Weir seat of Bharatpur, 1.95 lakh in Nasirabad seat of Ajmer, and 2.41 lakh in Kota-South seat.
The bypolls were necessitated after the sitting MLAs – Sanwar Lal Jat (Nasirabad), Om Birla (Kota-South), SantoshAhlawat (Surajgarh) and Bahadur Singh Koli (Weir) resigned from the assembly following their election to Lok Sabha. Counting of votes would be held on September 16.
“To ensure free and fair polling, 16 companies of paramilitary forces, eight companies of Rajasthan Armed Constabulary, and 6,000 policemen would be deployed in all the four constituencies,” Special DGP (Law and Order) Navdeep Singh said.
One company has around 100 personnel. “On an average seven armed security personnel would be deployed at a polling booth, which is three times more than the deployment made during the last Assembly and Lok Sabha polls,” DGP Singh said. It is going to be a close contest between main opposition
Congress and the ruling BJP, which would try to maintain its tally of 163 in the house of 200. Also, it would be a litmus test for Pradesh Congress Committee chief Sachin Pilot to prove his leadership in the state. For Kota-South assembly seat, BJP and Congress have fielded two Brahmin candidates — Sandeep Sharma and Shiv Kant. Om Birla who had won this seat in last year’s assembly polls and later won the Lok Sabha polls from Kota actively campaigned for Sharma.
In Surajgarh seat, Congress’ old hand Shravan Kumar (former MLA) is pitted against Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje’s loyalist Digamber Singh who has shifted from Bharatpur to enter Vidhan Sabha.
The Weir (Reserved) seat is going to witness a battle between BJP’s Gangaram Koli and Bhajanlal of Congress, while at Nasirabad seat in Ajmer district, Congress’ Ramnarayan is sailing on PCC president Sachin Pilot’s hope of victory against BJP’s woman candidate Sarita Gena.
In 2013 assembly polls, Congress suffered one of its worst defeat and managed to win just 21 of 200 Assembly seats while BJP won 163. It also won all 25 Lok Sabha seats in the state.

Telecom players offer free calling to users in floot-hit KashmirPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:59 pm
Even as telecom services are being restored in Kashmir Valley, mobile operators are offering free calling facility in the region.
Telecom operators including BSNL, Airtel, Vodafone and Reliance Communications (RCom) will offer free calling facility for a limited period in the Valley.
“Starting yesterday, free calling facility for 60 minutes per day has been extended to all Airtel customers in Kashmir for the next 5 days enabling them to reach out to their loved ones,” Airtel said in a statement.
Vodafone also said as directed by DoT, it is providing 60 minutes free calls per day for 5 days for all customers in Kashmir.
State-run BSNL said it will offer free calls(local as well as STD) and free SMS service to all those BSNL customers who will be using its mobile network in Srinagar.
BSNL said not only those customers who belong to that area but also the BSNL customers from other states of North Zone reaching Srinagar area for relief and rescue operations will be able to make free calls.
The facility has already been made available since night of September 11, 2014 and will continue for next 10 days, it said.
“There are no retailers or points where from people can get their accounts topped up. BSNL has, therefore decided to help people in that area by providing free call and SMS service with immediate effect,” BSNL Board Director Anupam Shrivastava said.
RCom is offering free calls at its PCOs at relief camps and the duration of each call is fixed at 3 minutes.
Aircel had also offered free calling for its customers on September 10 and 11. But now the operator is not offering free calls.

Expect Exide Industries to test Rs 180: Kunal Bothra01:30 pm
Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP told CNBC-TV18, "Over the last couple of days, Exide Industries  has shown some very good momentum. Looking at the larger pattern as well as the fact that the stock has underperformed in most of these underperformed midcap names, it is seeing some good volume activity."
"I believe Exide could be one of the few stocks, which could see a continuation in momentum with a short-term target of Rs 180 and a stoploss of Rs 165," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Some stocks overpriced  but can go with flow: Malkani02:30 pm
The market continues to remain robust and broad and every dip has become an opportunity to buy, says Jagdish Malkani, member at BSE and NSE. He says while some of the stocks are overpriced, the investors can go in with the flow.
Despite the recent run up in pharma stocks, this week, problems related to the US FDA made a come back. He believes though the Indian pharmaceuticals industry is a great play, investors should not get carried away.
With the USFDA planning to extend audit at Sun Pharma 's Halol facility, there is a lot of talk on whether a price of Rs 806 per share is even justified. Prakash Diwan of Altamount Capital Management believes Rs 800 is not much to ask for a company like Sun Pharma. He says, as a combined entity, the synergies would be much more formidable.
Meanwhile, Tata Motors ' latest hatchback in India - Zest - has created quite a buzz for the company. Diwan believes it might be better for Tata Motors (stock) to get out of the passenger cars vehicle segment.
But Malkani doesn't agree with Diwan. He says the company should hold on to the passenger cars vehicle segment as Zest seems like a winner. Malkani further adds there is a lot to be said about diversification. He says the company did reasonably good initially with Indica and Indigo, but lost its way thereafter. However, it rocks as an organization and JLR is a phenomenal story, he adds.
Siddarth Bhamre of Angel Broking too agrees with Malkani that Tata Motors shouldn't exit the passenger vehicles segment. He, however, doesn’t expect Zest to do much for the company.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Jyoti Structures: Manas JaiswalLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Jyoti Structures: Manas Jaiswal
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com is of the view that one can buy Jyoti Structures as the stock can test Rs 53 in next two to three trading sessions.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, " Jyoti Structures has made a strong base near Rs 40 just above the 200 day moving average. Today it has broken its resistance of Rs 46 with decent volumes. So, we may see further recovery and it can test Rs 53 in next two to three trading sessions. One can buy the stock with a stoploss of Rs 45."
On September 12, 2014 Jyoti Structures closed at Rs 48.75, up Rs 2.45, or 5.29 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 49.60 and an intraday low of Rs 45.75.
RELATED NEWS

The street is blind to Washington: HintzThe street is blind to Washington: Hintz
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
This video is featured in these articles:

Director viratechindia.comDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Prefer ICICI Bank  Axis Bank: Angel BrokingYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Prefer ICICI Bank, Axis Bank: Angel Broking
Published On:                  September  9, 2014                 | Duration: 5 min, 10 sec
Tweet
Mayuresh Joshi, VP- Institution at Angel Broking, says in the banking sector it is positive on ICICI Bank, Axis Bank and HDFC Bank. Better asset quality, strong capitalisation and branch expansion offer scope for strong improvement in return on equity of these banks, he adds.

Industrial park announcement likely during Xis visit: Nirmalatrade agreements
The Centre on Wednesday said the forthcoming visit of the Chinese President is expected to bring about a “directional change” in the relationship between the countries in addition to boosting trade and investments.
Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said that some announcements are expected during the visit with regard to setting up of industrial parks by China.
“This visit will bring a directional change to the relations between India and China in the last 60 years. The directional change will also help further strengthen the ties between the two nations,” she said.
“We think during this visit some announcement will be made pursuant to which China will move forward in setting up industrial parks in India,” she added.
The Chinese President is scheduled to visit India from September 17. He will start his three-day official tour from Ahmedabad. China is expected to announce $5 billion investment in setting up two industrial parks in Gujarat and Maharashtra.
She said the widening trade deficit with China is “worrying” and in order to reduce this India has asked the neighbouring country to give more market access to Indian products and set up manufacturing units in the country.
“Manufacturing in China and selling in India is not looking favourable to India. We believe this visit will present a good scope for increasing China’s investment and trade with India,” Ms. Sitharaman said.
The bilateral trade between the countries stood at $65.85 billion in 2013-14. The trade deficit was about $35 billion. China has invested only $410 million between April 2000 and June 2014.
Further, the Minister informed that both the sides have discussed issues related to investments in India’s railways sector during her recent visit to China.

Bullish on Asian Paints: Emkay GlobalYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Bullish on Asian Paints: Emkay Global
Published On:                  September 10, 2014                 | Duration: 9 min, 09 sec

Rupee moves up to 60.84 against dollar in early tradeUpdated: September 11, 2014 10:21 IST
Rupee moves up to 60.84 against dollar in early trade
PTI
The Hindu The rupee recovered by 11 paise to trade at 60.84 against the US dollar in early trade on Thursday on selling of the American currency by banks and exporters. File Photo
TOPICS
currency values
The rupee recovered by 11 paise to trade at 60.84 against the US dollar in early trade on Thursday on selling of the American currency by banks and exporters.
Besides, a higher opening in the domestic equity market also supported the local currency but dollar’s gains against other currencies overseas capped the gains, forex dealers said.
On Wednesday, the rupee had lost 35 paise to close at a four-week low of 60.95 after dipping below the 61-mark against the American currency on growing concerns that the US hike on interest rates will hit inflows.
The rupee had depreciated by over one per cent in the past two days.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex recovered by 87.77 points, or 0.32 per cent, to trade at 27,145.18 in early trade on Thursday.

Sensex dips below 27k  down 126 pts on profit bookingUpdated: September 11, 2014 12:15 IST
Sensex dips below 27k, down 126 pts on profit booking
PTI
Reuters Sensex recovered by 87.77 points to 27,145.18 as power, banking, infrastructure and capital goods sector stocks led gains. File photo
TOPICS
stock exchanges
Sensex after rising to 27,150.78 points in early trade succumbed to profit booking and slipped 126.37 points to 26,931.04 in the late morning trade.
Reversing early trends, the benchmark BSE Sensex dipped below the 27,000—mark by falling over 126 points on Thursday in the late morning trade, largely on emergence of profit booking in blue-chip stocks.
The Sensex after rising to 27,150.78 points in early trade succumbed to profit booking and slipped below the 27,000 mark for the first time since September 5. The index fell 126.37 points, or 0.47 per cent, to trade at 26,931.04 in the late morning trade.
The NSE 50—share Nifty also slipped by 32.50 points, or 0.40 per cent, to 8,061.60 after rising to 8,127.95 in early trade.
Stocks of healthcare, metal, auto, IT, oil and gas and consumer durables sector succumbed to profit booking, dragging the key indices down.
Shares of Sun Pharma plunged 3.97 per cent to Rs 825.50 on heavy selling, triggered by reports of surprise inspection by US drug regulator on its Halol plant in Gujarat.
Brokers said the market turned volatile and participants preferred to book profits at every rise and buying pace also slowed down to some extent.
They said the reports about foreign funds and domestic institutional investors turned sellers on Wednesday also dampened sentiments.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) sold shares worth a net Rs 9.91 crore on Wednesday, as per provisional data from the stock exchanges.

KR Choksey SecuritiesExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
Hemen Kapadia (Stock Market Expert) is amongst the earliest recognised technical analysts in India with a combined experience of 41 years in the Indian equity markets, Stock Market.  He has been associated with the Indian Capital Market,Indian Stock Market, BSE NSE both, Indian Corporate Brokerage Houses as well as Foreign Financial Institutions (FII, FFI).  Hemen Kapadia has witnessed the boom in the Indian Stock marketsright from 1985 onwards and since then have closely analysed every ensuing bull and bear Stock Market giving us that much needed unequivocal hands on experience of the volatility gripping Indian Stock markets.. He does thorough Stock Market Research, Equity Research, Company Reports, Technical Analysis, Fundamental Analysis and comes at the top in technical analysts.  He has been involved in technical research in BSE (Bombay Stock Exchange) and NSE (National Stock Exchange).He has been expert in BSE and NSE stock tips.
ABOUT Hemen Kapadia
Hemen Kapadia (Stock Market Expert) is amongst the earliest recognised technical analysts in India with a combined experience of 41 years in the Indian equity markets, Stock Market.  He has been associated with the Indian Capital Market,Indian Stock Market, BSE NSE both, Indian Corporate Brokerage Houses as well as Foreign Financial Institutions (FII, FFI).  Hemen Kapadia has witnessed the boom in the Indian Stock marketsright from 1985 onwards and ...

GM to Launch 40 New Cars in IndiaYou are here: Home Corporates
GM to Launch 40 New Cars in India, Other International Markets
Reuters | Updated On: September 11, 2014 15:24 (IST)
US-Based Gilead Licenses Hepatitis C Drug to Cipla, Ranbaxy, 5 Others
New Delhi:
General Motors Co plans to launch 40 new cars in India and in other international markets excluding China, north America and Europe, chief executive Mary Barra said on Thursday.
The US carmaker "sees a lot of opportunities in India from a market perspective," Ms Barra told reporters in the Indian capital. The company has started exporting cars from India to Chile, she added.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 15:21 (IST)

Today s links: Munger on Musk. Also  aliens.EMAIL
Charles Munger (AP photo)
Charles Munger, vice chairman of Berkshire Hathaway, talked to shareholders of the Daily Journal Corp ., a newspaper publisher where he serves as chairman. During the session, he defended Berkshire’s backing of the Burger King/Tim Hortons merger, as well as the performance of the Daily Journal (“It’s pretty good for a failing business.”) But his best comment was about Elon Musk, CEO of Tesla Motors.
“I think Elon Musk is a genius, and I don’t use that word lightly,” Munger said in response to a question about whether they’d talked. “He’s also one of the boldest men who ever came down the pike. So put me down as saying I’ve always been afraid of the guy whose IQ is 190 and he thinks it’s 250.”
Peter Thiel, co-founder of PayPal, notes that of the 92 people worth $10 billion or more, 11 were in technology and 11 were in computers. The largest number, 25, were people whose businesses involve mining natural resources .
Not everyone is entranced by Alibaba , the Chinese e-commerce company set to go public soon. “China is to stock fraud as Silicon Valley is to technology,” said short-seller Carson Block of the research firm Muddy Waters. (A short-seller bets that stock prices will fall.)
California Gov. Jerry Brown has signed a bill that mandates paid sick leave . Full-time and part-time employees will be able to get at least three days of paid sick leave starting in 2015. Brown, who said there was a growing inequality between workers and business owners, called the mandate “really modest.”
The Government Accountability Office says 155,000 people  have had their Social Security payments cut because of student debt. The figure has risen from 31,000 in 2002.
Which is worse: A hurricane or a banking crisis ? In terms of cost, they’re pretty much a tie: Both a banking meltdown and a hurricane reduces the income of those affected by about 7.5%.

Expect a  Dull Market  Going Forward: Madhav DharYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Expect a 'Dull Market' Going Forward: Madhav Dhar
Published On:                  September 10, 2014                 | Duration: 28 min, 04 sec
Tweet
Madhav Dhar, managing partner at GTI Capital, says easy money has been made after Nifty giving nearly 60 per cent return in the past one year in dollar terms. However, he sees Indian markets giving 14-15 per cent annualised return over next four to five years.

Rupee Likely to Depreciate Further Against Dollar: A V RajwadeYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Rupee Likely to Depreciate Further Against Dollar: A V Rajwade
Published On:                  September 11, 2014                 | Duration: 14 min, 56 sec

LVB planning fresh issue of sharesUpdated: September 11, 2014 23:55 IST
LVB planning fresh issue of shares
N. Anand
banking
It will be either in the form of QIP, public offerings, private placements, GDRs or ADRs in one or more tranches
To meet the long-term working capital requirement, Lakshmi Vilas Bank (LVB) plans to go in for fresh issue of 4.25 crore equity shares of Rs.10 each, said its Chief Financial Officer M. Palaniappan.
Talking to The Hindu on Thursday, Mr. Palaniappan said: “Recently, we raised Rs.406 crore through a rights issue. The amount is sufficient to meet our working capital needs for the next two years. To raise further funds, we are coming out with a resolution that will enable the bank to come out with fresh issue of shares.”
According to him, the fresh issue of shares or securities will be either in the form of qualified institutional placement (QIP), public offerings, private placements, GDRs or ADRs in one or more tranches at an issue price and time to be decided at a later date.
The resolution will be placed before the shareholders at the bank’s 87 annual general meeting to be held at Karur on September 26.
“Right now, 29 Foreign Institutional Investors are holding nearly 1.70 crore shares representing 9.75 per cent of the paid-up capital, and another four to five FIIs are showing interest to invest in our bank. To create enough headroom, another resolution will be moved at the AGM,” he said.
Expansion plans
To strengthen its network, LVB planned to add 75 branches, 182 Automated Teller Machines and recruit 500 people. Besides, it was in talks with couple of players to issue co-branded Visa credit card, said Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer Rakesh Sharma.
“We will invest close to Rs.6 crore for ATMs and Rs.9 crore for branch expansion. We will recruit 300 clerical staff, 100 executives and 100 officers for which we have the approval of HR Committee of the board. Credit cards will be launched within three months,” Mr. Palaniappan said.
Announcing the shifting of corporate office from Karur to Chennai, Mr. Sharma said last year the bank opened 72 branches, taking the total to 361. This year, 60 per cent of new branches would come up in the south.

Ulta Beauty 2Q income jumps  shares riseUlta Beauty shares soar 20% after 2Q earnings
Ulta Salon
An Ulta store on the North Side of Chicago in 2012.
An Ulta store on the North Side of Chicago in 2012. (Alex Garcia/Chicago Tribune.com)
By Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz, Tribune reporter
Shares in Ulta Beauty soared 20 percent Friday morning after the Bolingbook-based cosmetics retail reported second-quarter net income jumped 35 percent, handily beating Wall Street's expectations.
The company also announced a five-year strategic plan that includes opening about 100 stores annually.
ULTA stock Read the story
Ulta CEO Mary Dillon, who assumed the helm of the beauty products retailer last year, credited the “excellent” results to better traffic, successful new product and  brand launches and rapid e-commerce growth, and raised the company’s outlook for the year.
Net income for the quarter ended August 2 grew to $60.8 million, or 94 cents per share. Wall Street analysts had been expecting net income of $53.2 million and earnings of 83 cents per share.
Sales at stores open at least 14 months increased 9.6 percent, exceeding analyst expectations by more than three percentage points. That figure includes e-commerce sales, which grew 55 percent. Sales at established stores are a key measure of retailer health because they exclude a boost from newly opened locations.
Revenue rose 22.2 percent to $734.2 million from $601 million for the same period last year, also beating analyst forecasts.
Ulta now expects to achieve sales and earnings per share in the 20 percent range this year, up from its prior stated expectation of the mid-teens, “reflecting our confidence in continued strong market share gains,” Dillon said.
Ulta, which ended the quarter with 715 stores, also said in the next five years it aims to: open 100 new stores annually, deliver annual comparable store sales growth of 5 to 7 percent and grow e-commerce to represent 10 percent of all sales.

15-year mandatory minimum federal sentence for possessing shotgun shells (no shotgun) almost 20 years after past feloniesFrom today’s United States v. Young (6th Cir. Sept. 11, 2014) :
Edward Young received a mandatory fifteen-year prison sentence for the crime of possessing seven shotgun shells in a drawer. He came into possession of the shells while helping a neighbor sell her late husband’s possessions. When he eventually discovered them, he did not realize that his legal disability against possessing firearms — resulting from felonies committed some twenty years earlier [burglary-related offenses between 1990 and 1992 -EV] — extended to ammunition. Under the Armed Career Criminal Act (ACCA), Young received a mandatory fifteen-year sentence.
Young now asks this court to conclude that the ACCA, as applied to him, is unconstitutional under the Eighth Amendment because the gravity of his offense is so low as compared to the harshness of his sentence, and unconstitutional under the Fifth Amendment because he lacked notice. Our precedent compels us to reject these claims and to affirm Young’s sentence.
The Eighth Amendment conclusion, I think, is correct, for the reasons given in the opinion. But the concurrence’s criticism of the Armed Career Criminal Act minimum sentences strikes me as correct, too. (It cites, among other sources, our own Paul Cassell, who was a District Judge at the time.) “While the means Congress has selected must be accepted, this case once again reveals the need for, at minimum, a more sensible and targeted ACCA, one that would continue to remove from society those most likely to cause harm while allowing less severe sentences for those who, like Young, do not pose that risk.”
Thanks to Prof. Douglas Berman (Sentencing Law & Policy) for the pointer.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410471748/1410471748000/1410471748 tracking: {authors=Eugene Volokh, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=15-year-mandatory-minimum-federal-sentence-for-possessing-shotgun-shells-no-shotgun-almost-20-years-after-past-felonies, post_id=13380, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 9:42:28 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 9:42:28 PM

U.S. senator says Warren Buffett called him about tax inversionsBusiness
U.S. senator says Warren Buffett called him about tax inversions
Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett listens to a shareholder at the Berkshire-owned Borsheims jewelry store where Buffett was selling jewelry as part of the company annual meeting weekend in Omaha
Rick Wilking Reuters,
Warren Buffett Orrin Hatch Ron Wyden U.S. Chamber of Commerce U.S. Congress Barack Obama
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Orrin Hatch, the top Republican on the tax-writing Finance Committee, said billionaire investor Warren Buffett called him recently to find out what Congress might do about companies that move abroad for tax purposes.
Lawmakers, particularly Democrats, are concerned about inversions, in which a U.S. company buys a foreign competitor and makes its home country the new tax domicile. The deals often result in lower tax rates for the inverted company.
Buffett, who has sided with President Barack Obama's Democrats on many tax issues, was criticized by some Democrats when he agreed to put up some cash for Burger King Worldwide's $11.5 billion deal to buy Canadian chain Tim Hortons.
Democrats slammed the deal after Burger King said it would be taxed as a Canadian company. Buffett defended his role and said the move was not really about taxes.
Hatch said during a speech at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce on Thursday that, before that fuss erupted, Buffett had wanted to know what lawmakers might propose on inversions.
He has made a heck a lot of money for himself and his investors.
ch47fixer

Man Charged in Holly Bobo Case Fears for His Safetyman charged in holly bobo case fears for his safety
Indian drug deficiencies cause furore in CanadaUpdated: September 12, 2014 13:11 IST
Indian drug deficiencies cause furore in Canada
Narayan Lakshman
regulatory policy and organisation
Drugs manufactured at the Indian plant of Canadian generics giant Apotex came under fire from regulatory experts this week after health concerns were sparked by the revelation that the company sold prescription drugs that it knew were defective, according to reports.
Records published by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulator show that in June this year Apotex employees at a facility in Bangalore, that makes drugs exported to North America, “did not report undesirable test results and doctored bacterial growth test records.”
Despite the FDA sending warning letters to Jeremy Desai, the President and Chief Operating Officer of Apotex, “drugs and drug ingredients banned from the U.S. market have been allowed by [the Canadian regulator] Health Canada into Canadian pharmacies,” reported The Star newspaper.
The furore over sub-standard drugs making their way into the Canadian market comes in the wake of multiple import bans issued by the FDA against Indian generics firms, the most notable case among which was that of Ranbaxy .
In May 2013, eight years after whistleblower and former Ranbaxy Director Dinesh Thakur brought what appeared to be widespread falsification of drug testing data to the notice of the FDA, Ranbaxy pleaded guilty to seven criminal charges linked to manufacturing fraud and coughed up $500 million in fines.
Since then, other Indian generics manufacturers such as Wockhardt and Sun Pharmaceutical have been in the firing line of regulators in the U.S. and India.
This week’s concerns surrounding Apotex however appeared to cast doubts upon the quality control processes of other regulators too, and The Star noted, “During one of those rare visits outside the country, Health Canada inspectors went in February to an Apotex facility in Bangalore that produces finished drug products.”
However while Health Canada gave a “thumbs-up” to for its manufacturing for Apotex’s three factories in Bangalore, all producing drug ingredients and finished drugs in the same industrial park, FDA inspections at the same sites seven months before the Canadian one and again four months after it uncovered “blatant and repeat problems at the plant.”
Among the violations of current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, discovered at the site were instances of an Apotex quality control microbiologist overwriting documents on bacterial contamination tests “using a black marker in order to make it appear that the growth promotion testing had been performed” on an earlier date;
500 power outages noted during the span of one year, which could have affected quality tests of drugs; and numerous cases of Apotex employees retesting drug products when the first test yielded “unknown impurities” and then not reporting the undesirable results.
Speaking to The Star, Amir Attaran, a University of Ottawa law Professor who has studied drug regulations said, “The crux is this: India is supplying Canada with medicines that the U.S. knows are adulterated. These are available in your pharmacies today for you.”

Head Private Broking & Wealth Management HDFC SecuritiesDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Govt to launch infra projects worth $32.9 bn...Government
(The government plans to…)
NEW DELHI: After launching highway projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore that were stuck on account of various regulatory hurdles, the government is all set to roll out Rs 2 lakh crore worth of infrastructure projects this year, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadari said today.
"We have cleared bottlenecks. It is easy to construct express highways but difficult to get environment clearance. However, we are removing hurdles. We have cleared projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore. Now this year we will launch projects worth Rs 2 lakh crore," Gadkari said addressing the annual convention of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers here.
Gadkari said his Ministry was also looking to build two lakh Km of roads under public-private-partnership (PPP) mode which includes widening of existing one lakh km of highways.
"We are fast-tracking the decision making and weeding out corruption and red-tapism from government functioning besides introducing innovation," he said.
There is no dearth of money to fund the projects and the Ministry if need be can garner more funds through securitisation of toll revenue which amounted to about Rs 1.8 lakh crore in 15 years besides raising funds through infrastructure bonds worth Rs 10,000 crore.
A number of steps, he said, has been initiated to bring in wide reforms in the highways sector including launch of 350 electronic toll plazas by December and building amenities for drivers and commuters on every 50 km stretch for which bids have already been floated for consultancy and design of 270 such facilities.
He said the draft for the new Motor Vehicles legislation expected to be passed in the upcoming Winter Session will be launched on Website by tomorrow seeking suggestions from stakeholders.
"The present Motor Vehicles Act has turned obsolete and the new draft has been prepared incorporating the best practises in six advanced nations - US, Japan, Germany, UK, Singapore and Australia," he said.
He also appealed to SIAM on the need for introducing ethanol-friendly engines to cut on the huge Rs 6 lakh crore annual bills on import of crude in the country to which SIAM leaders expressed concern and said "there was not enough ethanol available at present."
Gadkari said government was also focusing on boosting waterways for transportation of cargo and planned introducing sea-planes, airport-like terminals on Ganga besides shipment of cargo through waterway which was much cost-friendly.
Also, a new policy for shipbuilding was on the anvil besides promotion of cruise shipping including that of the Kochi to Andaman & Nicobar islands.
ON Wednesday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi decided that various ministries can now approve projects up to Rs 1000 crore without the Cabinet approval.
Till now the process entailed inter-ministerial discussions, Finance Ministry being kept in loop and finally the cabinet approval, ET Now reported.
According to ET Now, the ministries were required to seek Cabinet approval for projects above Rs 200 crore. The five fold hike in the discretionary spending power of ministries is meant to allow faster clearances of projects, particularly those related to infrastructure.
The infrastructure sector is a key focus area for the Modi-led government. The Centre is keen to speed up infrastructure development and investment to boost economic growth which remained at sub-5 per cent level during the previous two fiscals.
Last week it was reported that the government is set to finalise the policy for implementing its ambitious plan to convert 100 existing cities into smart cities, where it will allow large-scale participation of private sector.
Apart from the 100 existing cities that will be retrofitted to smart cities, the government is also considering developing three-four greenfield cities, urban development secretary Shankar Aggarwal told ET. A key to developing the smart cities will be unravelling the large number of rules and regulations that have slowed down development for years, the secretary said.
PM Modi has already asked the government to revisit all old rules and regulations, manuals and laws, and cut them down wherever needed.
FEATURED ARTICLES

China misses out on first wave of new iPhone releasesBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Aadhaar card for  Lord HanumanUpdated: September 11, 2014 19:47 IST
Aadhaar card for 'Lord Hanuman'
PTI
A unique identification card with registration number 2094705195411 issued in the name of Lord Hanuman was despatched from Bangalore to Sikar in Rajasthan. (Photo for representation purpose only).
TOPICS
The unique identification card with registration number 2094705195411 has a picture of the popular Hindu god, a mobile number and thumbprint.
Lord Hanuman has managed to get an Aadhaar card made, but there are no takers for it.
The unique identification card with registration number 2094705195411 bearing a picture of the popular Hindu god, mentions him as the son of ‘Pawan’ besides giving a mobile number and thumbprint.
A postman from Dantaramgarh here was unable to deliver the card, which was dispatched from Bangalore on September 6, as there was no authentic recipients for it, post office authorities said.
“When postman Heera Lal received the card for delivery, he was shocked and brought the matter to the notice of senior officials. When they tried calling the number, it was switched off,” said postmaster Gobraj, adding that preliminary probe into the matter suggested that the card was made by one Vikas.
The card will be sent back to Bangalore as there was no recipient for it, he added.

Smart Cities  to Feature Wi-Fi  Telemedicine ServicesInflation Drops to Five-Year Low on Fall in Fuel, Food Prices
New Delhi:
Round-the-clock power and water supply, wi-fi connectivity and telemedicine facilities would be some of the highlights of the 100 'Smart Cities' which the
Centre has decided to develop across the country, the Urban Development Ministry has said.
According to a draft concept paper for the proposal released by the ministry, better transportation and sewage systems have also been envisaged for the Smart Cities.
The sewage system would be such that it would cover entire households with a door-to door garbage collection facility.
According to a senior ministry official, the draft concept paper contains broad contours for the project and covers the criteria for selection, financing and capacity-building needs.
In its maiden budget, the NDA government proposed that it would develop 100 Smart Cities in the country and the UD ministry is in the process of finalising the policy for the same.
Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu has convened a conclave tomorrow of Urban Development ministers of the states and Union Territories to take their views and suggestions regarding the project.
Principal Secretaries of states/UTs dealing with urban development also will be attending the conclave, a UD Ministry official said.
Following the interaction with the states/UTs, the Smart Cities proposal will be finalised and submitted for approval of the competent authorities, the official said.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 13:37 (IST)

Oscar Pistorius guilty of culpable homicideUpdated: September 12, 2014 16:12 IST
Oscar Pistorius guilty of culpable homicide
Reuters
Reuters Oscar Pistorius arrives at the North Gauteng High Court in Pretoria on Friday.
TOPICS
crime
A South African judge on Friday found Oscar Pistorius guilty of culpable homicide, or negligent killing, in the shooting death of girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp and declared him not guilty of murder and premeditated murder.
Judge Thokozile Masipa said that the double-amputee athlete was not guilty of murder, as prosecutors had alleged. She ordered Pistorius to stand before she delivered the verdict.
The sentence for a culpable homicide conviction is at the judge’s discretion, and it can range from a suspended sentence and a fine to up to 15 years in prison. Sentencing was to be announced at a later date.
Pistorius was also convicted on one of three unrelated firearm charges. The judge ruled that the athlete was guilty of unlawfully firing a gun in a public place when a friend’s pistol he was handling discharged under a table in a restaurant in Johannesburg in early 2013 weeks before Steenkamp’s killing.
Pistorius was acquitted on two other gun charges, including a count of firing a gun in public and a count of illegal possession of ammunition in the Pretoria home where he killed Steenkamp.
On Thursday, Judge Masipa said there was not enough evidence to support a murder conviction for Pistorius’ killing of Steenkamp. Pistorius fatally shot Steenkamp in his home on February 14, 2013. He said he mistook her for an intruder, while the prosecution said he killed her intentionally after an argument.
On Friday, armed security officers stood at each of the three entrances to the courtroom, while others stood near the red-robed judge, as she explained her verdicts from her dais overlooking the court.

India can become a knowledge-based economy: ADBAsian Development Bank
(India has the potential…)
NEW DELHI: India has the potential to become a leading knowledge based economy with its youth population and growing information technology though it should overcome some barriers in this regard, Manila based funding agency Asian Development Bank (ADB) said in a report released today.
"India, with its youthful population and thriving information and communication technology (ICT) industry, can become a leading knowledge-driven economy as long as regulatory, education, and infrastructure barriers are overcome," ADB said in its report 'Innovative Asia : Advancing the Knowledge-Based Economy'.
The report said pro-poor technologies, growing investment in ICT, advantage in audio-visual services as an outsourcing hub for animation and other skill-intensive industries are few of the promising areas for India.
"By leveraging its strengths in human capital and ICT services, India can become a major global knowledge-based economy ," said Bindu N Lohani, ADB Vice-President for Knowledge Management and Sustainable Development.
However, India will need steps such as supportive laws, improved infrastructure, removal of barriers to trade and investment, up-skilling of labour force, higher spending in R&D and innovative financing for small businesses and enterprises, Lohani said.
The knowledge based economies use ICT, innovation and research, and higher education and specialised skills to create, disseminate, and apply knowledge for growth.
Currently, developing Asia ranks well below the OECD average in the World Bank's Knowledge Economy Index.
ADB said that advanced Asian economies such as Japan, Korea, Singapore, Taipei and China have successfully shifted from agriculture to manufacturing to knowledge-based industries.
China and India, have built pockets of knowledge-based growth, but have not yet translated this into a broader economic model, the report said.
Countries such as Bangladesh, Myanmar, and Lao have yet to really embark upon knowledge-based growth.
"A shift to innovation-based growth would help countries avoid the middle-income trap and also address rising income inequalities," added the report.
Established in 1966, ADB has 67 members of which 48 are from the Asian region.
It works towards reducing poverty in Asia and the Pacific through inclusive economic growth, environmentally sustainable growth and regional integration.
In 2013, ADB assistance totalled $21 billion, including co-financing of $6.6 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

RIL gas field investments depend on pricing:...BP Plc
(RIL has an array of natural…)
NEW DELHI: Reliance Industries' USD 10 billion investment in new fields off the east coast depends on the government approving acceptable gas price, its junior partner Niko Resources said.
RIL has an array of natural gas discoveries in the Krishna Godavari basin KG-D6 block as well as NEC-25 area off the Odisha coast and it along with its partners BP plc of UK and Niko has detailed plans to bring them to production in the next few years.
Canadian Niko Resources in its annual general meeting (AGM) presentation yesterday stated that "planned development projects in India (are) dependent on acceptable gas pricing."
While the previous UPA government had approved a formula that would have doubled natural gas rates to USD 8.4 per million British thermal unit, the present dispensation is reviewing it and is likely to take a decision by month-end.
Niko said final investment decisions to develop R-Series gas fields as well as satellite discoveries in KG-D6 block is "waiting on favourable resolution of gas price."
The partners say new field developments are economically unviable at the current price of USD 4.2.
The Canadian firm said final investment decisions on developing gas finds in NEC-25 block is "waiting on favourable resolution of gas price."
With a decision on gas price hike, which was due on April 1, being delayed, Niko said it along with RIL and BP had in May field an "arbitration seeking market pricing as per terms of D6 Block PSC."
Yesterday, BP India head Sashi Mukundan said the delay in gas price hike implementation was frustrating and was holding back investments.
"We are ready to go ahead with our first project which is probably a USD 4 billion project. We are getting ready to potentially move that forward (but) are waiting for the gas price decision. So is that frustration, yes because it was decided last June 2013," he had stated.
The UPA government had in June 2013 approved a new gas pricing formula, which would have doubled the rate on its implementation from April 1, 2014.
The formula was notified in January 2014 but the Oil Ministry delayed announcement of a new rate, during which time general elections were announced and Election Commission asked the government to postpone implementation of the decision till the completion of polls.
The price hike, which was postponed to June 30, was again put off by another three months by the new government pending a comprehensive review.
The government has formed a four-member panel of secretaries to suggest a new gas pricing mechanism. The report of the committee is expected in next few days.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Guilty:  Blade Runner  Pistorius Convicted of Culpable Homicideguilty:  blade runner  pistorius convicted of culpable homicide
JD Wetherspoon attacks Scotland debateLast updated: September 12, 2014 5:12 pm
JD Wetherspoon chairman attacks Scotland debate ‘scaremongering’
By John Aglionby
©AFP
Business leaders are “talking nonsense” and scaremongering by trying to persuade Scots to remain part of the UK by warning that prices will rise if they vote for independence , the head of a leading pub group said on Friday.
Tim Martin, the chairman of JD Wetherspoon , which has 70 pubs and 3,000 employees in Scotland, said politicians and business leaders were “underestimating the intelligence of voters”.
More
US investors lining up Spurs takeover bid
“If you want Scots to remain in the UK, you’ve got to use reasonable arguments,” he told the FT. “For example, you just need to open a couple of hundred Aldis and then prices will come down.”
Mr Martin, who is from New Zealand and said he was not taking sides in the independence campaign, was referring to comments on Thursday by Sir Charlie Mayfield , the chairman of the John Lewis partnership, who said prices could rise after independence.
The JD Wetherspoon boss said: “There’s no reason why Scotland shouldn’t thrive as an independent country if that’s what the Scots want. “It will entirely depend on the policies an independent government will follow. If they’re sensible, they will thrive; if they’re foolish, they won’t.”
Mr Martin also said Scots should not put too much faith in Alex Salmond, Scotland’s first minister and head of the Yes campaign, remaining in office for that long. “Remember [Mikhail] Gorbachev didn’t last long in Russia [after Glasnost], and he was a good guy.”
He was speaking after the pubs group released its preliminary results for the year to the end of July, which showed it had defied the trend of closing premises in the UK pub industry and a poor summer to record slightly better results.
The group recorded an adjusted pre-tax profit of £79.4m, up 3.1 per cent on the previous year, and an operating margin of 8.2 per cent, at the upper end of analysts’ expectations. It opened 46 pubs during the year while selling or closing five.
It now has 927 properties, with the average development price rising from £1.64m compared with £1.55m as it spends more on kitchens, customer areas and beer gardens.
The strategy is showing some success as it defies an industry that has seen more than 10,000 pubs close across the country since 2002.
It forecast a “reasonable” outcome in the current financial year. This year it predicted its operating margin would drop to 7.7 to 8.1 per cent for the 2014/15 trading year.
Like-for-like sales for the first six weeks of the new trading year, to September 7, increased 6.3 per cent, with total sales increasing 11.4 per cent.
The share price was up 3 per cent in early morning trading on Friday at 765p, slightly outperforming the FTSE 100.
Mr Martin welcomed the results but said he would continue to campaign for pubs to pay the same VAT rate as supermarkets. While supermarkets pay the same VAT on drinks as pubs, they pay no VAT on food and, according to Mr Martin, cheaper business rates per pint of beer served.
“Wetherspoon, along with many pub and restaurant companies, is supporting Jacques Borel’s VAT Club on Tax Equality Day to publicise this inequality,” he said, referring to a day of action on September 24. “A number of MPs have signed up for our cause, and most people seem to say it makes no sense for supermarkets to pay less tax on food than pubs.
“A similar danger relates to the general tone of corporate governance advice and practice which has helped to create unstable board rooms, often preoccupied by the wrong considerations. For example, many do not even recognise the danger from the VAT disparity, despite the high weekly level of pub closures which has lasted for many years.”
For the full year to the end of July, like-for-like sales were up 5.5 per cent, operating profit was £115.6m, up 3.8 per cent, and earnings per share was 47p, up 4.9 per cent.
Related Topics

Top buzzing stocks to trade on September 12Sep 12, 2014, 02.13 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing stocks to trade on September 12
Here are a few top buzzing stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Snowman Logistics, JP Associates, GNFC, IGL, Pidilite and Oberoi Realty.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing stocks to trade on September 12
Here are a few top buzzing stocks picked by CNBC-TV18's analysts in trade today. We have Snowman Logistics, JP Associates, GNFC, IGL, Pidilite and Oberoi Realty.
Post your opinion here

Bajaj Allianz GI starts helpline number for J&K flood victimsPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 02:16 PM IST
Bajaj Allianz GI starts helpline number for J&K flood victims
Private sector Bajaj Allianz General Insurance has introduced a dedicated helpline number - 18002097072 - for the J&K flood victims.
Private sector Bajaj Allianz General Insurance has introduced a dedicated helpline number - 18002097072 - for the J&K flood victims.
Customers can reach out to the insurer through this number to register their claims or seek any assistance, Bajaj Allianz General Insurance said in a statement today.
A special team has been formed in the company to handle these cases and efforts shall be made to settle maximum claims on priority.
Apart from the helpline number, the company has also issued for its motor insurance customers a special advisory, which gives them instructions on how to avoid further damage to their vehicles from the floods, it said.
For any claims pertaining to property, health or personal accident, customers can contact the insurer through this special helpline number, it said.
 Advertisements

Large pool of project management specialists must be created'Large pool of project management specialists must be created'
G Naga Sridhar
(From left): Craig Killough, Vice-President, Project Management Institute (PMI), Ricardo Triana, Chairman, PMI, and Raj Kalady, Managing Director, India, addressing a press conference in Hyderabad on Friday. Photo: P V Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Sept 12:  
Lack of proper execution, talent and standard processes are responsible for delay in projects, according to Ricardo Triana, Chair of the US-based Project Management Institute (PMI).
Speaking to newspersons at a press conference on the sidelines of a national conference on project management here on Friday, he said there was a need to create a large pool of project management specialists.
PMI, a not-for-profit professional membership organisation, offers special certification programmes including the Project Management Professional (PMP) credentials across the world. "We have about six lakh certified PMPs in the world today,''’ Triana added.
Citing the recent of report of the Government, Raj Kalady, Country Director, PMI – India, said out of the 735 central sector infrastructure projects Rs 150 crore and above, 282 projects were delayed with respect to original schedule.
About 83 projects have reported additional delays vis-à-vis the date of completion reported in the previous month. These delays reflect an overall cost overruns of over Rs 1.83 lakh crore (19.2 per cent of original cost).
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Sony Xperia C3 review: A good overall phone but not best selfie cameraBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Polling for student body elections in DU and JNU underwayArmy officer rescues his parents who were struck in J&K floods for 5 days
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Stranded ETV reporter saves 300 lives in Jammu and Kashmir floodsArmy officer rescues his parents who were struck in J&K floods for 5 days
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Guest list case: CBI director files affidavit in SCGuest list case: CBI director Ranjit Sinha files affidavit in SC
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 17:03 IST
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha
Central Bureau of Investigation of India (CBI) director Ranjit Sinha , who has come under scrutiny for allegedly entertaining accused in 2G and coal scams at his official residence here, on Friday filed his affidavit responding to allegations levelled against him in a sealed envelope before the Supreme Court.
The affidavit has been filed in compliance of the order of the apex court which had on September 8 directed him to respond to the averments made against him, holding that they were 'serious' in nature.
The court had asked the CBI director to file the affidavit, saying, "Whatever you want to tell us, tell us in black and white."
The matter will be taken up for further hearing on September 15.
During the last hearing, the bench had taken serious objection to Sinha's reluctance to file an affidavit on merits of the allegations and had directed him to file his response on a plea for a direction to the Centre to take steps for his removal and for ordering an Special Investigation Team (SIT) probe against him for allegedly abusing his authority.
The bench had taken on record a register of entry list/ guest list at the CBI director's residence which was handed over by advocate Prashant Bhushan in a sealed envelope.
Bhushan had submitted that some unknown persons had turned up at his residence and had given him the documents without revealing their identities.
He had pleaded before the court to take the documents on record in safe custody as these may be destroyed.
The bench had also taken on record a list of 23 Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) officials and four CBI constables, who were manning the gate of the director's residence at 2, Janpath in the national capital here.
Bhushan, counsel for NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation, has alleged that several accused and officials of accused companies in the 2G scam and other cases have been frequent visitors to Sinha's residence.
He has also alleged that Sinha was trying to protect some accused and sought his removal from the post.

Naga groups unhappy over new interlocutors appointmentPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 12, 2014 4:27 pm
More than a week after Prime Minister Narendra Modi reportedly overruled an MHA decision and named R N Ravi, currently chairman of joint intelligence committee (JIC), as the new interlocutor for Naga peace talks, the NSCN(IM) and several other groups in Nagaland have expressed surprise and displeasure over the appointment.
This has prompted none other than the newly-appointed Nagaland governor P B Acharya to step in and appeal to the Naga groups to accept Ravi’s appointment as the new interlocutor for the ongoing Naga peace talks and to give him a chance.
“The Centre has the will to solve the problem,” Acharya said in Kohima on Thursday. The previous interlocutor RS Pandey had resigned in December and joined the BJP.
While Ravi was named Naga peace talks interlocutor on August 29, the NSCN(IM) was the first to react and question the “sincerity of the Government of India towards the Indo-Naga peace talks.” Engaged in peace negotiations with New Delhi for 17 years now, the NSCN(IM) said it considered Ravi as “well known for his antagonistic approach to the Naga issue.”  Ravi however was not immediately available for his comments.
Likewise, the Naga Hoho, apex body of Naga tribal associations, too said it was opposed to Ravi’s appointment as the Centre’s new interlocutor. Nagaland, it said, required a “neutral” interlocutor without any prejudices, and particularly pointed to an article Ravi wrote on the Naga peace talks in a newspaper in January.
Ravi had in that piece said that the absence of a credible state had created a power vacuum in Nagaland that is being filled in by chaotic sub-nationalist forces often at war with one another.
The United Naga Council (UNC), which had only on August 18 requested Prime Minister Modi to appoint an interlocutor with acceptable credentials and disposition, too has resented Ravi’s appointment.
The UNC said that the incumbent had on several occasions criticized New Delhi’s ceasefire with NSCN(IM). “When the very purpose of signing a cease fire is to bring about a solution, his appointment will not facilitate solution but will become a part of the problem,” the UNC said.
In Kohima, newly-appointed Nagaland governor PB Acharya said that the BJP-led NDA government at the Centre had concerns for the Northeast region and had the will to solve issues confronting the region.
Interacting with media persons, Acharya, who felt that the people were “tired” as there was no positive outcome of the peace process in 17 years, said the process had to be expedited. He said if Nagaland could start in the right direction, the situation in the entire Northeastern region could improve.
On Ravi’s reported observations on the Naga issue as reflected in a newspaper article he wrote in January, the governor said that it was written “much before the new government assumed power.” Ravi, he said, would definitely take the peace negotiations forward in line with prime minister Modi’s vision.

Naga groups unhappy over new interlocutor s appointmentPrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 12, 2014 4:27 pm
More than a week after Prime Minister Narendra Modi reportedly overruled an MHA decision and named R N Ravi, currently chairman of joint intelligence committee (JIC), as the new interlocutor for Naga peace talks, the NSCN(IM) and several other groups in Nagaland have expressed surprise and displeasure over the appointment.
This has prompted none other than the newly-appointed Nagaland governor P B Acharya to step in and appeal to the Naga groups to accept Ravi’s appointment as the new interlocutor for the ongoing Naga peace talks and to give him a chance.
“The Centre has the will to solve the problem,” Acharya said in Kohima on Thursday. The previous interlocutor RS Pandey had resigned in December and joined the BJP.
While Ravi was named Naga peace talks interlocutor on August 29, the NSCN(IM) was the first to react and question the “sincerity of the Government of India towards the Indo-Naga peace talks.” Engaged in peace negotiations with New Delhi for 17 years now, the NSCN(IM) said it considered Ravi as “well known for his antagonistic approach to the Naga issue.”  Ravi however was not immediately available for his comments.
Likewise, the Naga Hoho, apex body of Naga tribal associations, too said it was opposed to Ravi’s appointment as the Centre’s new interlocutor. Nagaland, it said, required a “neutral” interlocutor without any prejudices, and particularly pointed to an article Ravi wrote on the Naga peace talks in a newspaper in January.
Ravi had in that piece said that the absence of a credible state had created a power vacuum in Nagaland that is being filled in by chaotic sub-nationalist forces often at war with one another.
The United Naga Council (UNC), which had only on August 18 requested Prime Minister Modi to appoint an interlocutor with acceptable credentials and disposition, too has resented Ravi’s appointment.
The UNC said that the incumbent had on several occasions criticized New Delhi’s ceasefire with NSCN(IM). “When the very purpose of signing a cease fire is to bring about a solution, his appointment will not facilitate solution but will become a part of the problem,” the UNC said.
In Kohima, newly-appointed Nagaland governor PB Acharya said that the BJP-led NDA government at the Centre had concerns for the Northeast region and had the will to solve issues confronting the region.
Interacting with media persons, Acharya, who felt that the people were “tired” as there was no positive outcome of the peace process in 17 years, said the process had to be expedited. He said if Nagaland could start in the right direction, the situation in the entire Northeastern region could improve.
On Ravi’s reported observations on the Naga issue as reflected in a newspaper article he wrote in January, the governor said that it was written “much before the new government assumed power.” Ravi, he said, would definitely take the peace negotiations forward in line with prime minister Modi’s vision.

We re in 2nd phase of bull market  | Sensex surged 680% in the last oneYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
We are in second phase of bull market currently: Ramesh Damani
ET Now Sep 12, 2014, 04.28PM IST
In an interview with ET Now, Ramesh Damani, Member, BSE, shares his outlook for the market as well as some sectors and stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: What explains the movement in the markets of late?
Ramesh Damani: Joseph Granville, an American market historian, classified the bull and the bear markets into three phases. The first phase is characterised by complete depression, which we had last year. This year, by my reckoning, we are in the second phase of the bull market, wherein stocks double and treble. Though we may not be able to get an appreciation of that scale, but typically one should look at cyclicals, technical chart patterns and good ideas. Therefore, while prices will continue to remain high, they will not be high enough to discourage investors from buying into stocks. Though earnings, economy and fundamentals will take their own time to catch up with these companies, but if someone is waiting for a correction to come in, then he/she may never get that chance. So, in my sense, it's never too late to look for high-quality companies and buy them.
ET Now: The optimistic lot on street is of the view that this will be a bull market similar to the one in 2003 to 2007. Would you concur?
Ramesh Damani: Every bull market is different, with a different leadership. It is still too early to comment.
ET Now: But, what about in terms of magnitude or appreciation?
Ramesh Damani: I think this year will probably be bigger, since each bull market is bigger than the one preceding it and each bull market creates more wealth and more opportunities. I am more excited, because this may well be the last bull market of my life, given I am an aging bull myself! I am sure this year will give an extraordinary opportunity to create wealth and money.
By nature, bull markets are like an eclipse - they are miraculous things. If you get it right, it changes the course of your life and may indeed change the course of a country or an industry. Take, for example, the IT industry and compare it with its position prior to 2000 and after the bull market that it witnessed. Similarly, look at some of the cement companies before the Harshad Mehta bull market happened and after it. So, bull markets are not to be dismissed because that is not a matter of the index going up by 100 or 200 points - it is a life-altering event.
In my humble opinion, it is still not too late for investors to participate in this bull market just because the Sensex has gone up from 17,000 to 26,000. The technicals, the underlying strength of the market, the breadth, the leadership are intact and everything suggests that we only will head higher. Though we will have corrections, but periodic corrections are in the very nature of the market. Some of them can be brutal, but from all the indicators, it is evident that the markets are poised for far higher levels from now.
ET Now: According to you, in consumer, pharma or IT stocks, there is no froth, even when they are trading at lofty PE multiples?
Ramesh Damani: We will have to come to terms with the fact that the stocks in consumer, pharma and IT are not going to come down in a hurry. There are 500 stocks that trade in BSE and they never get tired of trumpeting. But, to see it the other way, these are basically 500 companies that you can really look at.
So, the few good quality companies, that do not need to dilute their equity and do not take a substantial amount of debts, must be held on to for life. I was asked in an interview if I was going to tender my Lever stocks, and I said no. It is a comfortable investment and just to make Rs 50 on this stock was not good enough reason. It is hard to believe that Lever's better days are over, as there are millions of people who have recently entered the consumer class and also, with the whole new boom coming in India, Lever's and their products will continue to do just as well. I am not saying Lever's is a monopoly on the good times. There will be lots of consumer companies that are likely to do well. So, be it lofty or nose-bleed valuation, you will have to learn to take in a stride. In my particular case, for people who have invested early, there is a huge margin of safety. We are happy to stick to it.
  ET Now: How should one participate in this bull market?
Ramesh Damani: First of all, get invested. If you do not have the time to pick stocks, consider Buffet's advice and buy an ETF that tracks the Sensex and the Nifty because it comes at the lowest cost. Now, if the Sensex goes to 40000, as some people suggest, then the ETF will mirror it and you will make 50% of your money from this stage on, with absolutely very zero cost.

Supreme Court allows Italian marine to go home for treatmentSC allows Italian marine to go home for treatment
Agencies  New Delhi, September 12, 2014
First Published: 15:34 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:24 IST(12/9/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court ruled on Friday that one of the Italian marines detained for the 2012 killing of two fishermen can go home for medical treatment.
The court said it had agreed to allow Massimiliano Latorre to spend four months at home after the Italian ambassador undertook to ensure that he returned to India to stand trial.
"In the face of no objection from union of India, we let the marine travel to Italy," said Chief Justice RM Lodha
Latorre wants to return to Italy to recuperate after he was hospitalised in New Delhi with ischaemia -- a restricted blood supply that can lead to a stroke.
The court asked Latorre to give an unequivocal and unambiguous undertaking about his date of departure and arrival back in India.
The 47-year-old was discharged from hospital on Sunday and is not thought to be in any immediate danger, but Italy's foreign minister Federica Mogherini insisted that his chances of a full recovery would be increased by being allowed home.
Latorre and fellow marine Salvatore Girone are accused of shooting the fishermen while serving as part of an anti-piracy mission on an Italian-flagged oil tanker, the Enrica Lexie, off the coast of Kerala.
 
The Italian sailors say they mistook the fishing boat for a pirate vessel and fired what were intended to be warning shots.They have been living at Italy's embassy pending a possible trial and were not allowed to leave India.
 
Italy says the pair should be tried on home soil since the shootings involved an Italian-flagged vessel in what Rome insists were international waters.
India, however, asserts the killings took place in waters under its jurisdiction.

BlackRock moves to protect NAV of money mkt fundSep 12, 2014, 04.20 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
BlackRock moves to protect NAV of money mkt fund
BlackRock said it sent a letter to investors in the ICS Euro Government Liquidity Fund on Wednesday to give 14 days notice of its intention to switch on the mechanism, although it stressed this did not imply the yield of the fund would turn negative.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
BlackRock moves to protect NAV of money mkt fund
BlackRock said it sent a letter to investors in the ICS Euro Government Liquidity Fund on Wednesday to give 14 days notice of its intention to switch on the mechanism, although it stressed this did not imply the yield of the fund would turn negative.
Post your opinion here
 
Global fund manager BlackRock said on Friday it had written to investors in one of its money market funds to tell them it planned to trigger a clause aimed at protecting the value of the fund's assets.
Returns from money market funds in Europe have been hit by a weakening in trading conditions as the European Central Bank has cut its deposit rate to 0.2 percent, some economic data in the region has worsened and as geopolitical risk has increased.
The move, called a Reverse Distribution Mechanism, allows the firm to rebalance the net asset value of a fund so that it remains stable even though yields elsewhere may be negative.
BlackRock said it sent a letter to investors in the ICS Euro Government Liquidity Fund on Wednesday to give 14 days notice of its intention to switch on the mechanism, although it stressed this did not imply the yield of the fund would turn negative.
"This is a situation that all Euro money market fund providers face as they work with institutional clients with cash management requirements within the new normal of negative yields," BlackRock said in a statement.
"In the case of net negative portfolio yields, due to all securities that the fund can invest in trading negatively, maintaining a stable net asset value ( NAV ) would be impossible without having appropriate mechanisms in place or undergoing structural changes."

Miss America Prepares to Hand Over Her Crownmiss america prepares to hand over her crown
CIA Triples its Estimate of IS Strength to 31 500 FightersCIA Triples its Estimate of IS Strength to 31 500 Fighters
Ingersoll Rand to invest Rs 1 bn in GujaratIngersoll Rand to invest Rs 1 bn in Gujarat
Lupin in deal to market U.S. firm Salix s drugs in CanadaLupin in deal to market U.S. firm Salix s drugs in Canada
ACRE sells 49% stake to SSG Capital Management of SingaporeACRE sells 49% stake to SSG Capital Management of Singapore
BPCL may touch Rs 720: Kunal Bothra01:30 pm
Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP told CNBC-TV18, " Bharat Petroleum Corporation (BPCL) has been showing some very good momentum, infact even when the market is consolidation, the stock is consolidating, it is in line with the market but I think the overall trend for BPCL is definitely intact."
"I feel BPCL could probably play the catch up game and I believe a jump of close to 5-6 percent from current levels is very much high probability. I am giving a stoploss of Rs 660 on BPCL with a target of Rs 720," he added.
RELATED NEWS

BSE Sensex closes higher; blue chips leadBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Rick Perry Lost Big With Tesla Dealreddit
Texas Gov. Rick Perry's charms were apparently lost on electric carmaker Tesla.
Despite Perry's shoddy record on clean energy, the former Republican presidential candidate desperately wanted Tesla to build its $5 billion battery factory in the Lone Star State. Perry personally led negotiations with Tesla over its so-called Gigafactory, which is expected to create 6,500 jobs. The governor even drove a Tesla Model S through California’s state capital in June, in a public stunt that the Los Angeles Times found tantamount to stalking.
“Tesla’s a big project,” Perry said during an interview with “Opening Bell” on Fox Business News in March. “I think the cachet of being able to say we put that manufacturing facility in our state is hard to pass up.”
All for naught. On Thursday, Tesla settled on Nevada as the location for its $5 billion 'Gigafactory,' ending a months-long contest with Texas, Arizona, New Mexico and Tesla’s home state of California.
“It’s disappointing; he’s got to face it as a disappointment,” Peter Cowen, the managing director of technology investment banking firm Clear Capital Advisors, told The Huffington Post on Friday. “This one was a high-stakes battle and he lost.”
Part of the problem for Perry was a Texas law that bans car manufacturers from selling directly to customers. Because Tesla doesn't franchise its dealerships, it can't sell cars in the state. Though Perry said in March he wanted to lift the ban, it still proved to be a turn-off for the carmaker.
The ban “doesn’t make us feel good as we look to build a plant" in Texas, Diarmuid O’Connell, vice president of business development for Tesla, told The Huffington Post in June. O’Connell said economics would ultimately sway the company's decision.
A Tesla spokeswoman did not respond to a question about whether the continued sales ban factored into its decision, instead forwarding along quotes from CEO Elon Musk's press conference in Carson City, Nevada, on Thursday.
Perry had cause for hope. Earlier this year, he convinced Toyota to move its headquarters from California to suburban Dallas. Texas has a state Enterprise Fund, established by Perry in 2003, to serve as a “deal-closing” coffer from which officials can draw to bolster Texas’s business bids in interstate competitions. To boot, Texas has no corporate income tax .
Texas residents may have lucked out, as added incentives from the state could have ended up costing taxpayers. As it was, Texas was offering a tax package worth between $800 million and $900 million, according to the Austin American-Statesman . Nevada is coughing up $1.3 billion to seal its deal with the carmaker.
A spokesman for Perry’s office did not immediately respond to a call requesting comment.
Why Tesla picked Nevada is not totally clear. Musk said the reasons went beyond money.
“This was not the biggest incentive package, it wasn’t just about the incentives,” Musk said at the press conference . “What the people of Nevada have created is a state where you can be very agile, where you can move quickly and get things done.”
That may mean geography worked in Nevada’s favor. The ideal location for the company was probably California: It's Tesla's biggest market and fairly close to western Canada, where Tesla may soon begin getting some of its raw materials, according to Carter Driscoll, a senior analyst at the investment bank MLV & Co who covers Tesla.
The Golden State wasn't able to come up with an incentives packages on deadline, however. So neighboring Nevada may have proved the next best thing. Plus, there were those massive tax breaks. Perry can't win 'em all.
More:

Tax Dodge Deal May Be In Troublereddit
Banana giant Chiquita Brands International’s plan to move to Ireland to dodge U.S. taxes may be in trouble.
Institutional Shareholder Services, an influential firm that advises investors, urged shareholders to vote against Chiquita’s plan to merge with Irish rival Fyffes. Instead, the company should accept a joint takeover bid by two Brazilian firms, ISS said in an analysis on Friday.
Chiquita rejected the $625 million offer from orange juice behemoth Cutrale Group and investment bank Safra Group last month, and reaffirmed its plan to create the world’s largest banana company by merging with Fyffes. The combined company, dubbed ChiquitaFyffes PLC, would be headquartered in low-tax Ireland.
Charlotte, N.C.-based Chiquita could face boycotts over its plan to split to Ireland in the so-called tax inversion deal. Tax inversions occur when a larger American company merges with a smaller foreign firm and moves overseas to skirt U.S. corporate taxes, which are among the highest in the world.
The tactic, which has become increasingly popular over the last year, is facing intense political backlash as several high-ranking senators and the White House are exploring legal options to make inversions more difficult.
Under the threat of a national boycott, drugstore chain Walgreen abandoned its plan last month to re-incorporate in Switzerland after merging with European rival Alliance Boots. Late last month, Burger King announced a deal to buy doughnut and coffee chain Tim Hortons and move to Canada. A similar chorus of voices called for boycotts against Burger King, though it remains unclear whether activists can organize enough customers to protest the fast-food giant.
Still, ISS said investors’ excitement over Chiquita’s tax inversion deal, first announced in March, has waned in recent months.
“The apparently declining market enthusiasm for the transaction over the months after the announcement,” the advisory firm wrote in its analysis, “and the potential to realize greater economic value through an alternative transaction -- as demonstrated by a higher cash offer from another potential strategic buyer -- suggest support for the transaction as currently structured is not warranted.”
Steve Himes, a spokesman for Chiquita, did not respond to the The Huffington Post's request for comment on Sunday.
More:

5 reasons to worry about Scottish vote5 reasons to worry about Scottish vote
By Alanna Petroff  @AlannaPetroff September 9, 2014: 8:03 AM ET
 
Pound slides on Scottish uncertainty
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Investors are selling British stocks and the pound before Scotland votes next week on whether to break away from the United Kingdom.
A vote in favor of independence would end a 307-year union with England and have far reaching consequences for the economy, currency, banks and industry. There could also be knock-on effects across Europe.
Here are five things you need to know:
1. Currency mess: The pound hit a 10-month low against the dollar this week as opinion polls swung in favor of voters who want to break away from the U.K.
Uncertainty over which currency an independent Scotland will use, and the impact of a messy divorce on the U.K. economy, is largely to blame.
Independence campaigners want to continue to use the pound in a currency union with England, but U.K. lawmakers say they're not ready to share. And even if they were, the Bank of England would likely insist on tough budget rules that could mean painful austerity for Scotland.
Scottish nationalist leader Alex Salmond has refused to outline a 'Plan B', though he's hinted that Scotland may continue to use the pound without U.K. permission. Another option would be to create a new, untested currency.
The euro, if an option at all, would be years away. (See "EU: In or out?" below.)
Related: High roller bets $671,000 on Scotland's fate
2. The debt debate: In an early move to reassure markets, the U.K. government said it would honor all its debts -- including Scotland's share -- if there is a split.
However, under this scenario, an independent Scotland would owe Britain as much as £130 billion -- or roughly 10% of total U.K. public debt.
Supporters of independence say they're ready to pay, and are confident Scotland could manage its debts with greater ease once independence is established.
However, credit ratings agency Standard & Poor's cautions that Scotland's economy -- which would be similar in size to Portugal -- would be less resilient to shocks because of its greater dependence on volatile earnings from the oil and gas industry.
3. All about oil: The U.K. is the largest oil producer in the EU, and about 90% comes from areas that are likely to be claimed by an independent Scotland.
The U.K. is also likely to want a share of current production and reserves, but most analysts expect an agreement could be reached on divvying up the assets.
There are deeper divisions, however, over how much the remaining oil is worth -- a calculation of much greater significance to the future of the Scottish economy.
Independence campaigners estimate Scotland's remaining oil is worth about £1.5 trillion. The U.K. government says it's less than one-tenth of that figure.
Related: The world's most expensive whisky
4. A financial giant: Scotland's massive financial industry seems ready to head for the exits if voters choose independence.
The biggest names in banking and insurance, including the Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ), say they would move headquarters and parts of their businesses to England if Scottish voters back a split.
The financial sector employs 100,000 people in Scotland and generates roughly £7 billion ($11 billion) for the economy each year, so this raises concerns about future job losses and lower tax revenues for an independent nation.
5. EU: In or out? Independence campaigners want Scotland to remain in the EU.
But an independent Scotland would most likely be treated as a new state, and therefore have to apply for membership. That process can take years and all 28 members would have to approve the application -- something some may be reluctant to do for fear of encouraging their own separatist movements.
And there's another potential sting in the tail that could be far more damaging for the U.K.
Prime Minister David Cameron has promised a vote on Britain's membership of the EU by the end of 2017, assuming he wins next year's election.
"For the rest of the U.K., losing relatively pro-EU Scotland would raise the risk of a Brexit from the EU," warned Robert Wood, chief UK economist at Berenberg bank.
First Published: September 9, 2014: 8:03 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Verizon offers free iPhone 6 in return for two-year contract  used phoneVerizon offers free iPhone 6 in return for two-year contract, used phone
Apple iPhone 6
Justin Sullivan / Getty Images
Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts in Cupertino, Calif. Apple unveiled the Apple Watch, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.
Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple special event at the Flint Center for the Performing Arts in Cupertino, Calif. Apple unveiled the Apple Watch, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. (Justin Sullivan / Getty Images)
By Marina Lopes, Reuters
Apple iPhone Verizon
Verizon will give subscribers who trade in an old iPhone a free iPhone 6 in exchange for a two-year contract.
Verizon Communications will give subscribers who trade in an old iPhone a free iPhone 6 in exchange for a two-year contract, the country's largest wireless carrier announced hours after Apple Inc unveiled the widely anticipated device.
The announcement came as critics speculated that Apple's newest phone, starting at $199 with a two-year contract, would not be competitive as more carriers eliminate contracts and unbundle service charges from the cost of devices.

BIFR grants temporary relief to SPS SteelsSomasroy Chakraborty |  Kolkata Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 11:49 PM IST
BIFR grants temporary relief to SPS Steels
Restrains banks from declaring the company a wilful defaulter, for now
The Board for Industrial and Financial Reconstruction (BIFR) has offered temporary relief to SPS Steels Rolling Mills by restraining its lenders from declaring the company a wilful defaulter, bankers familiar with the development told Business Standard.
“SPS Steels has got a stay order from BIFR preventing us from declaring it a wilful defaulter. The company claimed banks were taking a coercive action by naming it a wilful defaulter. We will contest this,” said a senior executive with a state-run lender.
The steel maker had borrowed about Rs 500 crore from a consortium of eight banks. United Bank of India (UBI), one of the lenders to SPS Steels, has already declared the company, its MD Bipin Kumar Vohra, Executive Director Arjun Kumar Santhalia and director Sanjukta Vohra wilful defaulters for non-payment of dues.
Bankers explained the BIFR stay will not apply on UBI, as it had termed the company a wilful defaulter before the order was passed. “But other lenders cannot declare it a wilful defaulter now,” said another banker.
Apart from UBI, Allahabad Bank, Central Bank of India, Corporation Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, Oriental Bank of Commerce, State Bank of Hyderabad and UCO Bank have also lent money to SPS Steels.
SPS Steels, which started operation in 1981 in Durgapur, specialises in manufacturing of QST (quenching and self tempering) bars under the Elegant brand. The company’s production capacity, as mentioned on its website, is 600,000 tonnes a year. However, bankers appear confident that this relief to the steel maker will be temporary.
“One bank has already declared it a wilful defaulter. Also, the CBI has registered a case against the company and its directors for causing financial losses to another bank. We are confident we will be allowed to take steps against the company to recover our dues,” said one of the bankers cited above.
Last month, CBI registered a case against Vohra and others for allegedly causing a loss of Rs 139 crore to Central Bank of India. The investigating agency conducted search operations at 15 places in Kolkata and Durgapur, which led to the recovery of “incriminating documents”.
Vohra was not immediately available for comments. His mobile phone was switched off and text messages sent to him went unanswered.
Wilful default means a borrower does not repay his dues despite having the capacity to do so. A borrower can also be termed a wilful defaulter if he doesn’t repay and siphons off the funds, or uses the money for some other purpose than intended. Once an entity, or an individual, is declared a wilful defaulter, they are debarred from availing finance from banks and financial institutions. Lenders can also initiate legal process, including criminal proceedings, against wilful defaulters.
 Advertisements

Employee Health Insurance Costs Barely Increased This YearEmployee Health Insurance Costs Barely Increased This Year
Posted:
reddit
For a change, the cost of the health insurance you get at work didn't go up much this year.
The cost of job-based health benefits stayed nearly flat in 2014, according to survey results released Wednesday. This year's figures continue a trend of slow growth in premiums for health insurance provided by employers.
The average annual premium for a family plan rose 3 percent to $16,834, and the average price for a single worker increased 2 percent to $6,025, the Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation and the American Hospital Association's Health Research and Educational Trust found. Workers on family plans are paying an average 29 percent of that cost, while single employees are paying 18 percent of it. The groups polled more than 2,000 small and large employers for their report.
Workers aren't reaping much of a tangible benefit because the cost of job-based health insurance is still increasing faster than wages and overall inflation. But the growth over the last five-year period is much lower than during the two five-year periods preceding it, the survey findings show. From 1999 to 2004, family health plan premiums exploded by a total of 72 percent, followed by a cumulative 34 percent from 2004 to to 2009. Since 2009, these costs have risen 26 percent.
Source: Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation
The historically slow increases in national health spending during recent years contributed to lower premium hikes for employer-sponsored health insurance. But companies also are limiting their health benefit expenses by making workers pick up a bigger share of the monthly premiums and of their medical bills, the survey found.
High-deductible health plans with lower premiums but greater out-of-pocket costs have become increasingly common . In 2006, just 6 percent of workers were enrolled in these plans, compared to 26 percent in 2011 and 32 percent this year. And the average size of the deductible for a single employee has risen from $584 in 2006 to $1,217 in 2014. Under plans with deductibles, policyholders must spend the full amount of the deductible out of pocket before the insurance coverage kicks in.
Source: Henry J. Kaiser Family Foundation
"The relatively low growth in premiums this year is good news for employers and workers, though many workers now pay more when they get sick as deductibles continue to rise and skin-in-the-game insurance gradually becomes the norm," Kaiser Family Foundation President Drew Altman said in a written statement.
Eighty percent of workers covered with company health benefits have plans with deductibles this year, the survey found. More than 40 percent of covered employees have plans with deductibles of $1,000 or more, and 18 percent of the plans carry deductibles of at least $2,000. Workers at firms with fewer than 100 employees are more likely to face high deductibles than those at larger employers.
The survey also found that the share of employers that offer health benefits to workers, 55 percent, was about the same this year as last year. Small companies are less likely to provide health insurance, but 90 percent of workers are employed by a company that offers benefits to at least some of its workforce. Eighty percent of employees who have access to job-based health insurance accept it, according to the poll.
Looking ahead to next year, the Kaiser Family Foundation and the Health Research and Educational Trust expect the Affordable Care Act, or ACA, to exert greater influence on job-based health insurance. Beginning in 2015, the law requires companies with at least 100 employees to offer health benefits to full-time workers, or pay penalties when employees obtain subsidized coverage via the Obamacare health insurance exchanges. In 2016, that employer mandate will extend to companies with 50 or more workers.
"The relatively quiet period in 2014 may give way to bigger changes in 2015 as the employer shared-responsibility provision in the ACA takes effect for large employers," the report says.
According to survey findings released last month by the National Business Group on Health, premiums for job-based coverage at large companies will rise 5 percent next year , and more employers will offer only plans with high deductibles. These companies expect the ACA to have only a modest effect on 2015 health benefit costs, the poll found.
More:

Gold  silver plunge on fall in demand  global cuesNew Delhi, September 11, 2014
Updated: September 11, 2014 18:29 IST
Gold, silver plunge on fall in demand, global cues
PTI
gold and precious material
After Wednesday’s rise, gold prices drifted by Rs. 190 to close at Rs. 27,610 per ten gram in the national capital on Thursday on easing demand from jewellers and retailers amidst a weak global trend.
Silver also declined by Rs. 270 to Rs. 41,900 per kg due to slackened demand from industrial units.
Bullion traders said besides fall in demand, ongoing “Sharads”, an inauspicious fortnight in Hindu mythology for making fresh purchases mainly pulled down the precious metals.
They said weak global trend where gold traded at an almost three-month low as strengthening dollar reduced demand for the bullion as an alternative investment amid easing tensions in Ukraine, also dampened the sentiment.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell by 0.3 per cent to $1,246.53 an ounce and silver by 0.3 per cent to $18.91 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity plunged by Rs. 190 each to Rs. 27,610 and Rs. 27,410 per ten gram respectively. It had gained Rs. 200 on Wednesday.
Sovereign, however, continued to be traded at last level of Rs. 24,500 per piece of eight gram in limited deals. Similarly, silver ready fell by Rs. 270 to Rs. 41,900 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs. 310 to Rs. 41,890 per kg.
On the other hand, silver coins spurted by Rs. 1,000 to Rs. 74,000 for buying and Rs. 75,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Why Netflix Looked Different Yesterdayreddit
Wednesday is Internet Slowdown day, and some of your favorite websites may look a little different -- but they probably won't be any slower.
Netflix, Reddit, Tumblr, Etsy, The Nation, Boing Boing and many other websites are displaying the "wheel of death" to show their support for net neutrality, or the idea that all web traffic should be treated equally. But none of the sites have actually slowed down, so feel free to binge watch those old "Scandal" episodes.
Netflix's home page looked something like this. We've circled the relevant bit in red:
"The Internet is slow enough already," said Evan Greer, a campaign director at Fight for the Future, a nonprofit that helped organize Wednesday's protest.  "Our goal is to prevent that from continuing." Greer's group joined with the nonprofit Engine Advocacy, political action group Demand Progress and consumer group Free Press Action Fund in persuading nearly 10,000 websites to participate in the day's slowdown.
The symbolic action comes just days before the Federal Communications Commission closes off the opportunity for Americans to comment on its proposal that would allow for an Internet fast lane. A fast lane would let some websites operate at higher speeds and essentially relegate many sites -- likely smaller, less-moneyed ones -- to a slower pace. The FCC is taking public comments on the rules until Sept. 15.
The hope is that just the thought of a slower Internet will spur people to action. The advocacy organizations want people to display the logo on their Facebook or Twitter profiles, or to use the links in sites' embeds to contact the FCC or sign a letter to representatives to ask for net neutrality to be protected.
"It's encouraging to see so many prominent companies participating in the day of action in support of an open Internet,” said Evan Engstrom, Policy Director at Engine, in a statement. “The FCC needs to know that preserving strong net neutrality rules is necessary to ensure that the Internet remains a platform for innovation and economic growth."
The worry is that if neutrality goes away, cable providers would charge "tolls" for VIP web speeds. Many people have criticized Comcast for just this reason, after the cable giant signed a deal with Netflix earlier this year to give the streaming service a fast lane. Yet Comcast isn't arguing against net neutrality. “Comcast supports an Open Internet and net neutrality," a company spokesperson wrote in an email to The Huffington Post.
"We reluctantly signed interconnection agreements" with Comcast and other large Internet providers, a Netflix spokesperson told HuffPost in an email. Netflix has been an outspoken supporter of net neutrality. "Strong net neutrality rules are needed to stop Internet service providers from demanding extra fees or slowing delivery of content to consumers who already have paid for Internet access," the company said in a statement.
Though Google isn't technically participating in Wednesday's protest, the site is aligning itself on the side of net neutrality. In an email sent out on Tuesday morning, Google voiced its support for the effort:
"If Internet access providers can block some services and cut special deals that prioritize some companies' content over others," Google wrote, "that would threaten the innovation that makes the Internet awesome."
Here's the full Google email:
Facebook, obviously a major voice in the tech space, did not have a slowdown logo on its site as of Wednesday afternoon.
Tumblr is running a short blog post displaying a wheel of death and offering users a nifty submission form that easily lets people send feedback to the FCC.
In a blog post earlier this week, a Reddit co-founder called a web without net neutrality a " Clusterfuck ."
Reddit's homepage looked like this on Wednesday:
If you want your voice to be heard in the debate over net neutrality, you can email the FCC directly or use this form on the Electronic Frontier Foundation's Web site . You can also buy this T-shirt with a picture of a cat and the words "Team Internet," which is what Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian is calling his side of the debate.
This story has been updated with a comment from Netflix.
More:

The internet is getting too big for just one kind of Wi-FiInternet of Everything
September 11, 2014
Wi-Fi, that thing we only notice when it doesn’t work, is having a bit of a moment. Earlier this week, Apple announced that its new iPhone will be able to use Wi-Fi to connect calls , something that ought to help if you’re in an area with lousy cell coverage. The next day, America’s T-Mobile announced that all new smartphones it sells will be able to use Wi-Fi to make calls.
Wi-Fi has come a long way from its first tentative steps in the 1990s. Over the years, as new specifications have come along, the speed at which data can be transferred over the air has increased more than 1000-fold. It now blankets universities, Starbucks coffee shops and, in some cases, entire cities. But it needs to evolve to as the Internet evolves.
Take it from the top
In 1999, a group of large tech firms came together to form the Wireless Ethernet Compatibility Alliance. A year later the group changed its name to the catchier Wi-Fi Alliance after working with a branding company to invent the term Wi-Fi. (Among the rejected options was “Dragonfly.” As in “This cafe offers free Dragonfly.” It sounds silly now, but so does Bluetooth—named for this guy —and we still use that term.)
Quartz spoke to Greg Ennis, one of the developers of the standard that became Wi-Fi and now the VP of technology at the Wi-Fi Alliance, a non-profit that works to create the standards on which all Wi-Fi devices run, to understand where this ubiquitous, indispensable technology goes from here. In a word: everywhere.
Wi-Fi works by using radio waves on the 2.4 Ghz and 5 Ghz frequencies. One—or both—of these is what your wireless router at home uses. Since they are relatively high frequencies, that means they can transmit a lot of information, but their range is limited. The lower the frequency, the larger the range—but the worse the quality, or, in this case, speed.
Three times the Wi-Fi
Now the Wi-Fi Alliance is working on two new specifications—one with much more range and one with much less. Neither one of these will replace existing Wi-Fi. The idea is that as the internet grows—and the popularity of Wi-Fi with it—the technology must remain fit for purpose. WiGig, which will run at 60 Ghz, will be capable of tremendous speeds. But its range will be tiny, and it won’t be able to penetrate walls. The other, to be called IEEE 802.11ah, runs at 900 Mhz and will be able to cover vast areas, but at very low speeds.
Ennis says he sees the low-frequency, high-range Wi-Fi being used for sensor data and industrial applications of the “internet of things.” As the world is increasingly covered in sensors , low-data rate, high-range internet coverage will be instrumental in gathering and centralising the data produced. One application, suggests Ennis, could be in agriculture, where farmers could monitor the soil temperature, moisture, and so on using sensors that feed back to a computer.
WiGig on the other hand is meant for indoor use. Its short range means that it won’t extend beyond one room. But its high data speeds point toward its use: “One of the real focused applications for that is in-room entertainment applications,” says Ennis. That could include things like streaming movies to your dumb TV, or for peripherals, such as Wi-Fi speakers and the like.
Both new standards should roll out by 2016, says Ennis, and products that work with them around the same time. As for the name? “In 1999 there was no name for this technology and we knew we needed a user-friendly name,” says Ennis. “It was a play on the word hi-fi back then. Today, 15 years later, I don’t think anybody has any idea what hi-fi is.”
Share this:

Refusing to watch the Ray Rice video sends the wrong message to victims of abuseRefusing to watch the Ray Rice video sends the wrong message to victims of abuse
Written by
Khadijah Costley White Assistant Professor, Rutgers University
September 11, 2014
Ray Rice is the one who should be apologizing to his wife. AP
SHARE
Khadijah Costley White Assistant Professor, Rutgers University
September 11, 2014
This was it. He was going to kill me.
The images circulating of football player Ray Rice beating his wife until she passed out has brought me back to memories almost two decades old.
I was 12 years old and in my stepfather’s grip. I couldn’t breathe, I couldn’t get away, but I felt something else too.
Relief? Happiness? Oddly, maybe gratification. In my weakness, I found myself pleased at the thought that if he killed me, no one could ignore what was happening in my home. I secretly hoped that my death would finally show everyone that my charming, successful, comical step-father had been a terror to me and my sister. My panicked, tearful calls to relatives had done nothing to get him away from us. We were a family, people said. Marriage was a promise to God, my pastor told my mom.
Don’t look. It’s a private family matter. It’s nobody else’s business.
Almost 20 years later, news clips showing NFL running back Ray Rice beating his wife unconscious and dropping her body on cold concrete brings me back to these feelings: relief, terror, and happiness. After months of people rationalizing, minimizing, explaining and defending the scene of Rice dragging his wife’s lifeless body out of an elevator, there was the ugly truth of domestic violence laid out in grainy video. People watched the cold indifference in his treatment of her exposed body, the controlled way he took her down. Rice’s lack of care and concern for her was horrifying. All of it undid the lies we tell about abusive men, tales of good souls swept away by wild, animal impulses and lashing out in a moment of fury.
As soon as the video was released, the NFL took swift action to protect its brand—Rice was fired from his team and suspended indefinitely from the league. And his wife responded, expressing outrage about the scene being so widely publicized:
No one knows the pain that the media and unwanted [opinions] from the public has cause my family. To make us relive a moment in our lives that we regret every day is a horrible thing. To take something away from the man I love that he has worked his ass off for all his life just to gain ratings is horrific.
This was the woman who said she “deeply regrets the role that she played the night of the incident” in which her husband hit her so hard she blacked out. This is the woman who joyfully married Rice the month after this attack, the mother of his two-year old daughter. The victim.
And so I watched as commentators took to social media to scold everyone for circulating that image. We were all revictimizing her, claimed sports journalist David Zirin. Don’t watch the Ray Rice video , wrote a Guardian columnist.
Don’t look. It’s a private family matter. It’s nobody else’s business.
Look, I’m deeply uncomfortable with the way this video is being played and shared all over the country with no regard for Janay or the potential triggers for other victims watching it. I don’t like the salacious and sensationalistic framing, or the way it feeds into notions of male dominance and female weakness. As a scholar, I am familiar with the way in which negative images of black women and men perpetuate damaging stereotypes about our worth and behavior, and the way these messages desensitize people to black suffering. I know that, ethically, those in the media should prioritize victims’ needs and safety when it comes to reporting. And as a survivor, I don’t want to watch someone get hurt.
But I also know that until this video was released, Janay’s abuse was downplayed. And that she was part of that effort. Respecting the wishes of a victim sounds right, but helping aid a woman who continues to lie and make excuses for a violent attacker also puts this request in the realm of complicity with misogynistic violence. Janay, it seems, wants us to hide the evidence, to go on with the original plan of forgetting this ever happened and pretending like it was the first time.
Simplistic readings of this situation are made all the more problematic when you consider that there’s a child in that home, growing up with a mother who married a man who nearly killed her. Children who grow up in homes with domestic violence are likely to suffer from anxiety, illness, and depression. And there is up to a 60% chance that Rice will eventually use those hands to harm that baby, too.
So do we stop circulating the video so we don’t have to deal with the horror? We avert our eyes and say we’re doing it for Janay? When has turning a blind eye ever brought about change?
Look, Janay Rice’s phone wasn’t hacked for the video of her husband harming her. There was no reasonable expectation of privacy here. Ray Rice attacked his partner in public, flaunted his dominance over her, left her laying facedown as strangers rushed to help, and he made us all witnesses. If anyone should be blamed for exposing Janay, for violating her rights, for crossing boundaries and bringing others into their lives, it’s him. There is power in laying witness. And there is a deep failure in refusing to do so.
Truth is, misogyny and violence against women thrives in darkness. I quit hiding and covering up for violence against women long ago. And I won’t do it for Janay.
You can follow Khadijah on Twitter at  @khadastrophic . We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com . 
Share this:

The Italian police just saved the world from 220 000 bottles of bad wineSomething wasn't right with all the Brunello di Montalcino bottles this year.Reuters/Stefano Rellandini
SHARE
Svati Kirsten Narula @svatikirsten
September 11, 2014
As is the case with olive oil , it appears that buying Italian-branded red wine may not be the best de facto choice for consumers—at least until fraudsters stop trying to flood the market with counterfeit bottles. Italian police this week seized 220,000 bottles of cheap wine that had been falsely labeled with the famous Brunello di Montalcino name. This is the second case of large-scale wine fraud uncovered in Italy this year.
The police are investigating a rogue oenologist who allegedly sold the wine in bulk to various local wineries, which bottled it and prepared to sell it overseas. This would have led to fake Brunello di Montalcino wines “on tables of half the restaurants in the world,” one police official told the Guardian.
Brunello di Montalcino is one of Italy’s most prestigious wines. By law it must be 100% sangiovese—made from a specific grape of that name. About 70% of it is exported, mainly to the US. The  earlier 2014 scam  also involved Brunello, in addition to Chianti Classico and Sagrantino di Montefalco. In 2008, on the heels of another scandal  to have enveloped this terroir, the US restricted imports of Brunello bottles until the Italian government agreed to certify their authenticity.
Share this:

Take back objections to forest rules: two ministers tell a thirdCopyright © The Indian Express ltd. All Rights Reserved
Powerd by Wordpress VIP

Yahoo  threatened  by authoritesWhat could 'they' know about me?
Yahoo said the US government threatened to fine it $250,000 a day if the search giant failed to hand over user data.
According to court documents, the National Security Agency (NSA) had demanded that Yahoo comply with new surveillance rules, something the company said was unconstitutional.
Yahoo failed in a court challenge on the constitutionality of the order.
But the details emerged on Thursday when a federal judge ordered the unsealing of some material about the case.
Yahoo's general counsel Ron Bell said publication of the material was "an important win for transparency".
Yahoo said that the government amended a law to demand user information from online services, prompting a court challenge. Former NSA contractor Edward Snowden disclosed the programme last year.
But the court documents reveal that the battle over surveillance between technology firms and the US government stretched back years before the Snowden revelations.
The new material about the case, first reported by the Washington Post, underscores "how we had to fight every step of the way to challenge the US government's surveillance efforts',' Mr Bell added.
"At one point, the US government threatened the imposition of $250,000 in fines per day if we refused to comply," he said.
About 1,500 pages of previously classified documents were unsealed by a federal court.
More on This Story

EU sanctions on RussiaForeign fighters on both sides
New EU sanctions against Russia have gone into force, blocking loans for five big state banks and curbing EU business with oil and defence firms.
The aim is to keep pressure on Russia over its role in the Ukraine crisis. But the measures could be eased or lifted if a ceasefire in Ukraine holds.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov accused the EU of "taking a path towards undermining the peace process".
Nato says Russia still has about 1,000 heavily armed troops in east Ukraine.
The EU sanctions will block the export of services and deep-water technology for Russia's oil industry.
Three major Russian state oil firms are targeted: Rosneft, Transneft and Gazprom Neft, the oil unit of gas giant Gazprom.
Their access to financial markets will be restricted - a serious matter for Rosneft, which last month asked the Russian government for a $42bn (£25.2bn) loan.
Big Russian state-owned banks will be barred from getting loans with a maturity longer than one month, and from getting other financial services in the EU.
'No military solution'
Mr Lavrov said Russia "will react in a calm and appropriate way, first and foremost, proceeding from the need to defend our interests".
Earlier a Russian presidential aide, Andrei Belousov, said cars imported from the EU could be targeted in retaliation, especially second-hand cars.
As the sanctions took effect Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko said "I never felt before this level of solidarity".
Speaking in English at an international conference in Kiev, he said "I feel myself a full member of the European family".
"There is not any military solution for this crisis, and we should keep Ukraine united. And for keeping united my country we should make some decentralisation of power," he said.
These Ukrainian paratroops are among new units training to tackle the rebels
Exemption for gas
Some big economic sectors are unaffected by the sanctions: Russian gas exports, the space industry and nuclear energy.
Many EU countries rely heavily on Russian deliveries of gas and nuclear technology.
The EU has also added another 24 names to a list of Russian officials and rebel leaders in Ukraine who are subject to visa bans and asset freezes .
Most of the new names are pro-Russian separatist leaders in Donetsk region and prominent Russian MPs.
Among the most influential are:  Sergei Chemezov, an ex-KGB associate of President Vladimir Putin who now runs a big arms firm, Rostec; nationalist leader and MP Vladimir Zhirinovsky; 76th Airborne Division Gen Alexei Naumets; Donetsk separatist leader Alexander Zakharchenko; Luhansk separatist leader Gennady Tsypkalov.
US President Barack Obama said his country would join the EU in imposing tougher sanctions on Russia, targeting the defence, finance and energy sectors. He said he would provide details on Friday.
The EU and US accuse the Kremlin of directly helping pro-Russian separatists in Ukraine's Donetsk and Luhansk regions by sending regular soldiers across the border, along with sophisticated weapons including tanks. Moscow denies the allegations.
Nato says Russia is still keeping about 20,000 troops near the Ukrainian border, besides those it says are inside Ukraine.
The separatists have recently made big gains in eastern Ukraine. The fighting has killed at least 3,000 people since April.
Russian warning
A statement from the EU Council says the officials targeted are people "involved in actions against Ukraine's territorial integrity, including the new leadership in Donbass, the government of Crimea as well as Russian decision-makers and oligarchs".
"This brings the total of persons subject to sanctions to 119 while 23 [Russian] entities remain under asset freeze in the EU," it said.
Russia has warned it may ban European planes flying over Russian territory
Russia already has a wide-ranging embargo on food imports from the EU, banning fruit, vegetables, meat, dairy produce and other important foods.
That year-long ban also applies to food from the US, Canada, Australia and Norway, which have imposed sanctions similar to the EU's.
The rouble fell to a new low of 37.57 to the dollar on Thursday, after news about the EU sanctions broke. It also fell against the euro.
Dual-use goods targeted
The latest EU decision followed a conference call between European leaders, including UK Prime Minister David Cameron.
For nearly a week the EU member states had delayed imposing more sanctions, because last Friday a fragile truce was agreed between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels.
But Germany, the UK and some other countries pressed for the sanctions to put be into effect.
The measures also cover dual-use goods which can be used for military purposes.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has warned that Russia might shut its airspace to European passenger planes, a move that "could drive many struggling airlines into bankruptcy".
 

BPCL Offers First Euro III Diesel Cargoes for Export-Traders: ReportAlibaba to Boost IPO Size on 'Overwhelming' Demand: Report
Singapore:
Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd (BPCL) has offered its first Euro III diesel cargoes for export, as domestic inventory stands at high levels due to weak demand, trade sources said on Friday.
The rare exports are expected to weigh on an already oversupplied diesel market in Asia as refineries expand capacity and demand slows amid weaker economies, possibly dragging down refinery margins, they added.
BPCL has only occasionally exported high sulphur gasoil, which it uses as feedstock for secondary units, when there is unit maintenance but has not exported an Indian diesel grade, traders said.
"The refinery is holding high stocks, so thought of trying this out," a source close to the matter said.
India's monsoon rains were 64 per cent above average in the week to Sept. 10, the heaviest rainfall so far seen in this year's patchy season, dampening agricultural demand for diesel to power irrigation systems which will use hydropower instead.
Diesel, a heavily subsidised fuel in India that accounts for a third of the country's fuel use, powers small to medium-sized generators to run air-conditioners and make up for low hydro power output in summer. It also is used to pump water from wells to irrigate fields in the dry season.
In its tender, BPCL offered three cargoes of 35,000 tonnes each of 350 ppm sulphur diesel for loading from Mumbai and Kochi, a tender document showed.
One cargo is to be loaded from Mumbai Oct. 10 to 12 and one from Kochi Oct. 14 to 16. The third cargo can be loaded from either Mumbai Oct. 10 to 12 or Kochi in mid-October, according to the document. The tender will close on Sept. 15 and is valid until Sept. 17.
Indian state-owned companies were regular importers of diesel until 2010 and have generally been able to meet domestic demand since then from their own capacity, unless there is any refinery maintenance.
Only private exporters Essar Oil and Reliance Industries and state-owned Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Corp export diesel on a regular basis.
It is unclear if BPCL plans to export diesel on a regular basis but the refiner is expanding the capacity of its 190,000 bpd Kochi plant and will likely have more diesel production as a result, traders said.
As of 12.17 p.m. BPCL shares traded 0.32 per cent higher at Rs 684.30 as against 0.08 per cent gain in Nifty.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

M&M to Launch EcoSport  Duster Rival Next YearYou are here: Home Corporates
M&M to Launch Compact SUV Next Year
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 12, 2014 13:12 (IST)
US-Based Gilead Licenses Hepatitis C Drug to Cipla, Ranbaxy, 5 Others
Mahindra & Mahindra will increase its range of petrol engine-powered vehicles, starting with a compact sports utility vehicle (SUV) to be launched next year.
"We are developing a 1.2-litre petrol engine, which will power the compact SUV that we will launch next year. Also, we have a 1.6-litre petrol engine available from our Korean arm Ssangyong," Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) Executive Director Pawan Goenka said.
He further said: "We can also develop a 1-litre petrol engine in quick time based on the existing platform."
The plan to have more petrol vehicles is to offset any possible decline in demand for diesel vehicles due to the reducing price difference between petrol and diesel fuels.
Mr Goenka said the company will manufacture two out of the three new platforms, which it has announced, at the Chakan plant.
Last month M&M had announced plans to invest Rs 4,000 crore at the Chakan plant to take the overall capacity to 7.5 lakh units annually when fully operational. The fresh infusion would take its total investment in Chakan to Rs 8,000 crore.
In 2013, the company had announced plans to invest Rs 10,000 crore in three years.
When asked if the Chakan plant could be used to assemble models of the company's South Korean arm Ssangyong, he said at the moment there were no such plans.
"We don't have immediate plans to assemble any Ssangyong models in India. However, considering the capacity that the
Chakan plant would have when fully operational, we can produce a wide array of vehicles there."
On whether the company would bring the X100 compact SUV that Ssangyong planned to lunch next year, Mr Goenka said: "We don't have any such plans now. Unless we assemble that in India it will not be cost competitive."
Mr Goenka said the company has initiated a feasibility study for a possible entry of Ssangyong in the US but it would take years before being finalised.
"We don't have any timeline for that study. Even after that, it would take 2-3 years after the board approves any plan, if at all, for such a move. So, it is just far away," he added.
M&M's earlier plan to launch Scorpio pick-up truck in the US hasn't fructified due to legal issues with its distributor and dealers. Commenting on the market conditions, Mr Goenka said the industry has seen a turnaround with sales picking up in the last four months.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 13:09 (IST)

Gravita India soars 10%Sep 12, 2014, 01.32 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gravita India soars 10% on export orders from US, Asia
"Jaipur-based lead metal and downstream lead products producer has bagged an export order worth Rs 230 crore from metal trader from Asian and US market," said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gravita India soars 10% on export orders from US, Asia
"Jaipur-based lead metal and downstream lead products producer has bagged an export order worth Rs 230 crore from metal trader from Asian and US market," said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Gravita India rallied as much as 10 percent intraday to touch a 52-week high of Rs 91.05 on Friday on bagging export orders from US and Asian markets.
"Jaipur-based lead metal and downstream lead products producer has bagged an export order worth Rs 230 crore from metal trader from Asian and US market," said the company in its filing.
This order will be executed within a span of next 12 months from port based manufacturing unit at Gandhidham, Gujarat.
At 13:09 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 89.60, up Rs 6.80, or 8.21 percent amid high volumes.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Oracle Financial up 10%Sep 12, 2014, 01.47 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Oracle Financial at new high, up 10% on Rs 485/sh dividend
"The board of directors of the company has declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share," said the company in its filing.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Oracle Financial at new high, up 10% on Rs 485/sh dividend
"The board of directors of the company has declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share," said the company in its filing.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors rushed to buy more shares of  Oracle Financial Services Software after it declared hefty amount of dividend on Friday. The stock rallied as much as 10.5 percent to touch a record high of Rs 4,080 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
"The board of directors of the company has declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share," said the company in its filing.
The company will distribute dividend worth Rs 4,081.3 crore to 8,41,50,904 equity shares.
For the year ended March 31, 2014, the company had reported cash and bank balances of Rs 6,672.6 crore, increased from Rs 5,471 crore in previous financial year.
Net profit of the software services provider grew by 26.9 percent sequentially (up 7.7 percent year-on-year) to Rs 394.4 crore in April-June quarter of FY14 and revenue increased by 20 percent quarter-on-quarter (up 19.3 percent on yearly basis) to Rs 1,073 crore during the same period.
Meanwhile, promoter Oracle Global Mauritius holds 74.93 percent stake in the company as of June 2014.
At 13:25 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 3,973.55, up Rs 281.05, or 7.61 percent amid huge volumes on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Some of the fuss and furoreLinda Yueh Chief business correspondent
The latest on global business and the world economy
Peter Day Global business correspondent
A sideways look at the big trends upheaving the world of work
The latest on what’s going on in and around politics
About Robert
Robert has won numerous awards for his journalism, including Journalist of the Year, Specialist Journalist of the Year and Scoop of the Year (twice) from the Royal Television Society, Performer of the Year from the Broadcasting Press Guild, and Broadcaster of the Year and Journalist of the Year from the Wincott Foundation.
Prior to joining the BBC, he was political editor and financial editor of the Financial Times, City Editor of the Sunday Telegraph and a columnist for the New Statesman and Sunday Times.
He broadcast and published a series of influential reports about the causes and consequences of the global financial crisis.
Services

Desperate hunt in Jammu and Kashmir for the missing in floodsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

SC permits Italian marine to go home for four monthsIANS |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 02:17 PM IST
SC permits Italian marine to go home for four months
The two Italian marines are accused of killing two Indian fishermen in February 2012 of the coast of Kerala
The Supreme Court Friday permitted Italian marine Massimilano Latorre to go back home to Italy for his treatment for four months.
The apex court bench headed by Chief Justice R.M. Lodha said the order would be effective only after the Italian marine has filed an "unequivocal and unambigous undertaking" on his return to India upon the completion of four months.
Latorre is accused along with another Italian marine of killing two Indian fishermen in February 2012 of the coast of Kerala, mistaking them for sea pirates.
Latorre has moved the court for permission to go back to his country after he suffered a brain stroke recently and was admitted to the Sir Ganga Ram Hospital.
 Advertisements

See Aug CPI @ 7.9%: KotakLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See Aug CPI at 7.9%, July IIP at 1.5-1.7%: Kotak Mah Bank
Both macro-economic data points will be released post market hours today
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Consumer price index (CPI) for August may soften to 7.7 percent, while the index of industrial production (IIP) for July is likely to fall to 1.7 percent, says a CNBC-TV18 poll .
Both the macro-economic data points will be released post market hours today and between, the CPI will be crucially watched even from a bond market perspective.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Indranil Pan, Chief Economist, Kotak Mahindra Bank , said he expects the August headline CPI at around 7.9 percent, almost unchanged from the previous number. Even for core, he expects the numbers to be unchanged at around 7.4 percent.
July CPI stood close to 8 percent . The estimate is 7.7 percent versus 7.96 percent, which is a still flattish figure, but lesser on a month on month basis. There are expectations of softening because of the base effect as it was 9.5 percent in August 2013 versus 9.6 percent in July 2013. So, this favourable base effect could continue till November.
“We definitely have the base effect intact but unfortunately, the previous month when the Street was expecting the number broadly at around 7.3 percent zone, there has been a sudden uptick. But the base effect is definitely there and we continue to see it acting positively on a year-on-year basis. And that should come down at least by November,” Pan said.
He expects July IIP numbers at 1.5-1.7 percent. “We do have a positive bias in terms of manufacturing sector index, if that moves up. But unfortunately for the similar month last year, base effect was relatively adverse for the segment,” he said.
The June IIP data came in at 3.4 percent against 5 percent on a month-on-month basis. The electricity sector grew at 15.7 percent, whereas the capital goods sector showed a tremendous growth at 23 percent on a month-on-month basis. The mining sector growth came in at 4.3 percent, while consumer goods contracted 10 percent versus 3.7 percent. Manufacturing came in at 1.8 percent against 4.8 percent (M-o-M).
Pan sees electricity to drop to a certain extent, at around 11.2 percent, from previous month’s growth numbers, determined by the core figure.
“Overall I think in terms of the direction for industrial production, it may actually be too early to talk about an immediate significant upswing in these numbers,” he said.
RELATED NEWS

ADB says India to become knowledge-based economyIndia has potential to become knowledge-based economy, says Asian Development Bank
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 15:27 IST
"By leveraging its strengths in human capital and ICT services, India can become a major global knowledge-based economy," said Bindu N Lohani, ADB Vice-President for Knowledge Management and Sustainable Development. (Photo for representation only. Source: Reuters)
India has the potential to become a leading knowledge-based economy with its youth population and growing information technology though it should overcome some barriers in this regard, Manila based funding agency Asian Development Bank (ADB) said in a report released on Friday.
"India, with its youthful population and thriving information and communication technology (ICT) industry, can become a leading knowledge-driven economy as long as regulatory, education, and infrastructure barriers are overcome," ADB said in its report 'Innovative Asia : Advancing the Knowledge-Based Economy'.
The report said pro-poor technologies, growing investment in ICT , advantage in audio-visual services as an outsourcing hub for animation and other skill-intensive industries are few of the promising areas for India.
"By leveraging its strengths in human capital and ICT services, India can become a major global knowledge-based economy," said Bindu N Lohani, ADB Vice-President for Knowledge Management and Sustainable Development.
However, India will need steps such as supportive laws, improved infrastructure, removal of barriers to trade and investment, up-skilling of labour force, higher spending in R&D and innovative financing for small businesses and enterprises, Lohani said.
The knowledge based economies use ICT, innovation and research, and higher education and specialised skills to create, disseminate, and apply knowledge for growth.
Currently, developing Asia ranks well below the OECD average in the World Bank's Knowledge Economy Index.
ADB said that advanced Asian economies such as Japan, Korea, Singapore, Taipei and China have successfully shifted from agriculture to manufacturing to knowledge-based industries.
China and India, have built pockets of knowledge-based growth, but have not yet translated this into a broader economic model, the report said.
Countries such as Bangladesh, Myanmar, and Lao have yet to really embark upon knowledge-based growth.
"A shift to innovation-based growth would help countries avoid the middle-income trap and also address rising income inequalities," added the report.
Established in 1966, ADB has 67 members of which 48 are from the Asian region.
It works towards reducing poverty in Asia and the Pacific through inclusive economic growth , environmentally sustainable growth and regional integration.
In 2013, ADB assistance totalled $21 billion, including co-financing of $6.6 billion.

Relations with Modi are cordial  says RajnathPrint
He is our Prime Minister and an effective Prime Minister and I am the Home Minister in his government. What else, said Singh. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:28 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 3:46 pm
Brushing aside reports of differences with Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said the relationship between the two is “cordial”.
“He is our Prime Minister and an effective Prime Minister and I am the Home Minister in his government. What else,” Singh said.
After a pause, he said, “Humare sambandh madhur they, madhur hai aur madhur rahenge (Our relations were cordial, are cordial and will always remain like that).”
Singh was asked about his relations with Modi and whether there were some problems in playing his innings.
Earlier, in his opening statement at a press conference on completion of 100 days in office, Singh drew a parallel on the working of his ministry with cricket.
“Working in the Home Ministry is neither a 20-20 nor a one-day cricket match but a test match where one has to play a long innings for which we need to have a strong opening.
“We have got that a good opening stand, I think. We aspire to play a long innings and even a second innings,” he said.

Ford to launch 4 new cars over 18-20 months:...Ford
("Within the next 18-20 months…)
NEW DELHI: Ford Motor Co plans to launch four new car models in India and is looking to increase the amount of locally-made parts to reduce the cost of its vehicles sold in the country, the head of its local unit said on Friday.
Foreign carmakers such as Ford, Volkswagen AG and General Motors Co are lining up new car models in India on hopes of a pickup in demand after sales fell for two consecutive years in a slowing economy.
Car sales in the country are expected to grow by 5-10 percent this fiscal year. Also, India is expected to become the world's third-largest passenger car market by 2018, moving up from sixth place today, according to IHS Automotive.
"Within the next 18-20 months we plan to launch four new models in India," Nigel Harris , president of Ford India , told Reuters in an interview.
While Harris declined to give details, Ford had showcased a compact version of its Figo car, already sold in India, at the Delhi auto show earlier this year and he said there is "a pretty strong indication that it is the right product."
Ford's sales in India have increased 9.5 percent to 84,469 vehicles in the fiscal year that ended on March 31, pushing up its market share to 3.4 percent from 2.9 percent a year ago, industry data showed.
The U.S. carmaker had said in 2010 it would launch 8 vehicle models, based on its global car platforms, in India by the end of 2015, a target the company is unlikely to meet due to the economic slowdown and sluggish car sales.
"We will be close to that, but a couple of the models will be deferred by a couple of years," said Harris.
Ford continues to increase the sourcing of components from India in cars that will help reduce the vehicle cost, he said.
The company exports a third of the cars it makes in India, and aims to push that to almost half over the next five years. It currently exports to 37 countries from India and plans to increase that to 50 over the same period, Harris added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

McFarlane to replace Walker as Barclays chai...Barclays bank appoints John McFarlane as new chairman, David Walker to step down next year
Reuters Sep 12, 2014, 03.08PM IST
Tags:
Aviva
(John McFarlane, chairman…)
LONDON: Barclays has appointed banking and insurance veteran John McFarlane as its new chairman to oversee the British bank's efforts to stamp out wrongdoing and improve performance.
McFarlane, a Scot, will step down as chairman of British insurer Aviva and take the Barclays hot seat in April.
Aviva said Adrian Montague would take over as its chairman, also in April. He has previously been chairman of UK life insurer Friends Provident and British Energy.
Barclays has been searching for a strong replacement for David Walker , who is 74 and been chairman since November 2012. With Chief Executive Antony Jenkins he has tried to improve culture after a series of scandals - including the mis-selling of loan insurance and the attempted manipulation of Libor interest rates - raised concern about lax standards.
McFarlane, 67, was chief executive of Australia and New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ) for 10 years until 2007 and has been Aviva's chairman since July 2012, making some tough decisions to turn around an underperforming business.
He took over the full-time running of the insurer in May 2012 after an investor revolt saw off CEO Andrew Moss.
McFarlane delivered a damning assessment of Moss's five years in charge and vowed "to regain the respect of shareholders by eliminating the discount in our share price". He appointed Mark Wilson as chief executive, who has overseen an improvement in the insurer's performance.
"My perception is he's down to earth and a pretty tough operator with a lot of international experience. It looks like a good choice," said Mike Trippitt, analyst at Numis Securities.
Barclays is in the midst of its own turnaround, as CEO Jenkins tries to improve profitability by shrinking the bank to slash costs and axe underperforming units and reduce its reliance on investment banking.
McFarlane last year told Reuters there were not many people who could run a big British bank due to the increased regulatory demands on the role.
"There are probably less than a dozen individuals globally that have the right experience to do it. I do think that a chairman of a bank should ideally have relevant banking experience because of the complexity involved," he said.
Barclays shares were up 1.4 percent by 0920 GMT, outperforming a flat European bank index. Aviva shares were down 0.8 percent.
BANKING PAST
Most of McFarlane's career has been in banking; he joined ANZ from Standard Chartered, where he was an executive director from 1993 to 1997. He worked for Citigroup and its predecessor firms for 18 years until 1993, including as head of its UK and Ireland business for three years.
He began his career in manufacturing with Ford in Britain, after studying at the University of Edinburgh and the Cranfield School of Management in Bedford.
McFarlane will also step down as chairman of transport firm FirstGroup. He was also a non-executive director at Royal Bank of Scotland after its bailout in October 2008 until 2012.
He will be paid 800,000 pounds a year as Barclays chairman, including 100,000 in its shares, and is not eligible for any bonus. He is expected to work the equivalent of four days a week.
Montague, 66, has been on Aviva's board since January 2013. He is a qualified solicitor and formerly partner at Linklaters & Paines.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blade Runner  Pistorius guilty of  negligent  killing of girlfriendJudge finds Pistorius guilty of culpable homicide
AFP
New Delhi, September 12, 2014
First Published: 14:00 IST(12/9/2014)
print
South African Judge Thokozile Masipa on Friday extended Oscar Pistorius's bail and set a date of October 13 for sentencing on a charge of culpable homicide.
"I have used my discretion in favour of the accused, I grant (the) application to extend the bail," Masipa said.
Pistorius was found guilty on Friday of culpable homicide in shooting dead his glamorous girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, a conviction that could result in a lengthy jail term.
A day after acquitting Pistorius of a more serious charge of murder, South African Judge Thokozile Masipa said that Pistorius had acted "negligently" when firing four hollow point rounds into a locked toilet door in the early hours of Valentine's Day 2013.
On the charge of murder, Masipa said: "the accused is found not guilty and is discharged, instead he is found guilty of culpable homicide."
Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius listens to the verdict in his trial at the high court in Pretoria. (AFP photo)
"A reasonable person," Masipa continued, "would have foreseen that possibility that whoever was behind the door might be killed by the shots and would have taken steps to avoid the consequences and the accused in this matter failed to take those consequences."
The "Blade Runner" stared straight ahead as the conviction was read, showing little emotion.
From the gallery there was a sound of sniffles and shallow breaths of 29-year-old Steenkamp's friends crying, including Desi Myers whose lip trembled in anguish.
Read: Oscar Pistorius found not guilty of murder
Steenkamp's father Barry ran his hand over his head while her mother June pursed her lips and shook her head.
The judge is expected to sentence Pistorius a few weeks from now and with no mandatory sentence for culpable homicide, Masipa will have a great deal of discretion over the punishment.
Shock and relief
Legal experts had earlier voiced surprise that Pistorius was found not guilty of murder, and predicted the case would likely not rest with the verdict.
Wits University criminal law professor James Grant said the state could appeal if they believe there has been an legal error.
"Everyone is a little surprised," said lawyer Audrey Berndt, zeroing in Masipa's finding that Pistorius could not have known that firing four hollow point bullets through the bathroom door would have killed someone.
Paralympian Oscar Pistorius at the High Court in Pretoria during the judgment in his trial. (AFP photo)
"She should have explained her reasoning a little more" said Berndt.
Masipa -- whose career has taken her from a childhood in a poor Johannesburg township to the country's high court -- had described Pistorius as a "very poor witness" who was "evasive" when questioned.
In pics: Oscar Pistorius on Judgment Day
Pistorius was also convicted of one of three gun charges.
Masipa said Pistorius was guilty of negligently handling a gun in restaurant, but acquitted him on two other firearm charges.
Pistorius was found guilty of asking to see a gun in Tasha's restaurant and while handling it under the table the firearm went off.
Watch: Judge announces Pistorius guilty of 'culpable homicide'
"He may not have intentionally pulled the trigger... that does not absolve him of the crime of negligently handling a firearm," said Masipa.
Pistorius, who had remained emotionless the whole morning, started clenching his jaw during the ruling.
Masipa had however cleared Pistorius on charges of illegally possessing ammunition, which the sprinter said belonged to his father.
She also said there was not enough evidence to suggest he was guilty of another count of shooting a gun through a car sunroof.
The trial, which has gripped South Africans and much of the world for half a year, has cast a harsh spotlight on the fallen hero's private life.
Full of high drama, the trial has fed intense media interest worldwide, with live broadcasts veering into the realm of TV reality.
During proceedings Pistorius has broken down, weeping and at times vomiting as he heard how his law graduate and model girlfriend's head "exploded" like a watermelon under the impact of his hollow-point bullets.

PM to Railway Ministry: Prepare comprehensive plan for facilitating FDIThe Hindu Narendra Modi
New Delhi, Sept 12:  
The Prime Minister Narendra Modi has asked the Railway Ministry to come up with a comprehensive plan on Foreign Direct Investment (FDI). He has also called for a solar power corridor along the India-Pakistan border.
These issues were deliberated in a review meeting of eight major infrastructure sectors chaired by Modi. These sectors include civil aviation, ports and inland waterways, railways, roads, telecom, power, coal, and new and renewable energy. This is part of a review meeting, after targets set on July 26 for the current fiscal year. Now, it has been decided that there will be review meetings every month.
According to a statement issued by the Prime Minister’s Office, Modi said the Railways has been granted clearance for 100 per cent FDI and, therefore, the Railways should come up with a comprehensive plan for facilitating FDI in the sector. The Department of Industrial Policy & Promotion (DIPP) has already notified norms for FDI in the Railways.
Reiterating his emphasis on renewable energy, Modi said two pilot projects of 5 Megawatts will be initiated to develop a solar-powered corridor along the India-Pakistan border, in the desert regions of Rajasthan and Gujarat. On the port sector, he said the Sagarmala project should lead to port-led development and become a major link element for his ‘Make in India’ vision, which envisages a quantum jump in India's global trade.
Talking about road projects, he highlighted the need for developing a world-class utility facility along new road projects. This will help not just in the clean India project, but will also bring about a paradigm shift in India’s global perception. Referring to his vision for solid waste management and waste water management in 500 towns through the PPP model, the Prime Minister said bio-energy would be a vital element of this vision.
Monitoring
He emphasised the importance of monitoring the progress of infrastructure development through efficiency parameters which have been identified for each of the sectors. He said Ministries should monitor them on electronic reporting formats. He also asked the Ministries to take note of initiatives undertaken by the State Governments as well as public sector undertakings and various other countries while monitoring the progress of infrastructure sectors.
According to the statement, all the infrastructure sectors had reported significant improvement in performance over the last four months, as compared to the previous year.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

UPA s housing schemes to merge; Govt for more private sector roleBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

What s driving the  runaway inflation  fear ...You are here: Home > Collections > Economist
What's driving the 'runaway inflation' fear in US?
New York Times Sep 12, 2014, 03.57PM IST
Tags:
(The persistence of the inflation…)
By Paul Krugman
Wish I'd said that! Earlier this week, Jesse Eisinger of ProPublica, writing on The Times' DealBook blog, compared people who keep predicting runaway inflation to "true believers whose faith in a predicted apocalypse persists even after it fails to materialize." Indeed.
Economic forecasters are often wrong. Me, too! If an economist never makes an incorrect prediction, he or she isn't taking enough risks. But it's less common for supposed experts to keep making the same wrong prediction year after year, never admitting or trying to explain their past errors. And the remarkable thing is that these always-wrong, never-in-doubt pundits continue to have large public and political influence.
There's something happening here. What it is ain't exactly clear. But as regular readers know, I've been trying to figure it out, because I think it's important to understand the persistence and power of the inflation cult.
Whom are we talking about? Not just the shouting heads on CNBC, although they're certainly part of it. Rick Santelli, famous for his 2009 Tea Party rant, also spent much of that year yelling that runaway inflation was coming. It wasn't, but his line never changed. Just two months ago, he told viewers that the Federal Reserve is "preparing for hyperinflation."
You might dismiss the likes of Santelli, saying that they're basically in the entertainment business. But many investors didn't get that memo. I've had money managers - that is, professional investors - tell me that the quiescence of inflation surprised them, because "all the experts" predicted that it would surge.
And it's not as easy to dismiss the phenomenon of obsessive attachment to a failed economic doctrine when you see it in major political figures. In 2009, Rep. Paul Ryan warned about "inflation's looming shadow." Did he reconsider when inflation stayed low? No, he kept warning, year after year, about the coming "debasement" of the dollar.
Wait, there's more: You find the same Groundhog Day story when you look at the pronouncements of seemingly reputable economists. In May 2009, Allan Meltzer, a well-known monetary economist and historian of the Federal Reserve, had an Op-Ed article published in The Times warning that a sharp rise in inflation was imminent unless the Fed changed course. Over the next five years, Meltzer's preferred measure of prices rose at an annual rate of only 1.6 percent, and his response was published in another op-ed article, this time in The Wall Street Journal. The title? "How the Fed Fuels the Coming Inflation."
So what's going on here?
I've written before about how the wealthy tend to oppose easy money, perceiving it as being against their interests. But that doesn't explain the broad appeal of prophets whose prophecies keep failing.
  Part of that appeal is clearly political; there's a reason why Santelli yells about both inflation and how President Barack Obama is giving money away to "losers," why Ryan warns about both a debased currency and a government that redistributes from "makers" to "takers." Inflation cultists almost always link the Fed's policies to complaints about government spending. They're completely wrong about the details - no, the Fed isn't printing money to cover the budget deficit - but it's true that governments whose debt is denominated in a currency they can issue have more fiscal flexibility, and hence more ability to maintain aid to those in need, than governments that don't.
And anger against "takers" - anger that is very much tied up with ethnic and cultural divisions - runs deep. Many people, therefore, feel an affinity with those who rant about looming inflation; Santelli is their kind of guy. In an important sense, I'd argue, the persistence of the inflation cult is an example of the "affinity fraud" crucial to many swindles, in which investors trust a con man because he seems to be part of their tribe. In this case, the con men may be conning themselves as well as their followers, but that hardly matters.
This tribal interpretation of the inflation cult helps explain the sheer rage you encounter when pointing out that the promised hyperinflation is nowhere to be seen. It's comparable to the reaction you get when pointing out that Obamacare seems to be working, and probably has the same roots.
But what about the economists who go along with the cult? They're all conservatives, but aren't they also professionals who put evidence above political convenience? Apparently not.
The persistence of the inflation cult is, therefore, an indicator of just how polarized our society has become, of how everything is political, even among those who are supposed to rise above such things. And that reality, unlike the supposed risk of runaway inflation, is something that should scare you.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fund managers bullish on stocks but wary of  hot moneySep 12, 2014, 03.40 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Fund managers bullish on stocks but wary of 'hot money'
Stocks are currently finding favour with investors but if the performance sustains for several years, investors would do well to exercise caution, the country's top mutual fund managers -- wary of seeing a 2008 repeat -- say.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fund managers bullish on stocks but wary of 'hot money'
Stocks are currently finding favour with investors but if the performance sustains for several years, investors would do well to exercise caution, the country's top mutual fund managers -- wary of seeing a 2008 repeat -- say.
Post your opinion here
Nazim Khan
moneycontrol.com
Many of the country’s top fund managers believe the recent strong performance seen in Indian stocks is set to go a long way -- but some of them want it to go only so much.
At a summit organized by mutual fund-information website Cafemutual for fund distributors, speakers said the mood for business in general as well as for stocks had turned after the formation of a stable, perceived-as-decisive central government in May this year.
This has reflected in the sharp movement seen in Indian shares, which have risen close to 30 percent year-to-date (as measured by the benchmark Sensex), outpacing several major markets around the world.
“We believe we will get back to 7 percent GDP growth by fiscal year 2015-16,” S Naganath, president and chief investment officer at DSP BlackRock Asset Management Company, which manages about Rs 34,000 crore in assets, said.
This he said would result from the restarting of stalled projects that had sputtered to a halt during the economic downturn that had set in over the past two years, in which the country grew at below 5 percent.
“Inflation too will gradually stabilize around 7 percent by 2015 while the Reserve Bank of India may cut interest rates by first or second quarter next year,” he said, adding that all of this would result in corporate earnings, which grew at about 10 percent in FY14, to improve to 15 percent this fiscal and 20 percent in the FY16 and FY17.
As a result, the Sensex could reach about 45,000 levels in three years, the DSP chief said, assuming the Indian market commands a price-to-earnings multiple of 20 times. (Sensex earnings-per-share should grow from Rs 1,300 in FY14 to Rs 2,150 by FY17, according to Naganath’s earnings expectations.)
Given the rally in equities is expected to be backed more by earnings growth than pure PE expansion, it would also be sustainable, Anoop Bhaskar, head of equity at UTI AMC, the country’s fifth-largest asset manager, said.
Be wary of behaviour biases
But as retail investors, who had largely given mutual funds the cold shoulder after stocks plummeted in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, start plowing in greater amounts of money into them, fund managers will keep a closer eye on valuations, having learnt from that experience, according to Sankaran Naren, chief investment officer of ICICI Prudential AMC.
“We are cautiously bullish on the markets as valuations are closer to the average currently,” he said. “[Despite the recent run] we are not in bubble territory.”
But he urged the audience, comprising of distributors and financial advisors, to not let their clients stray from their asset-allocation principles, which decide how much an investor should split their investments between higher- and lower-risk asset classes.
“If the current run continues, there could be a time a few years from now -- I don’t know when that will be -- when it will be a good time to become cautious on equities even if it means risking short-term underperformance,” he said. “There will be a year like 2007 when you should be willing to look like a fool.”
Naren said the signs of such a bubble would be when equities continue to give outsized returns for several years, when valuations become disconnected with earnings and when “hot themes” (such as IT stocks in 1999 or infrastructure stocks in 2007) emerge.
The country’s biggest and one of the finest fund managers, HDFC’s Prashant Jain, lamented the way stock and mutual fund investors had failed to make money even as the index had performed well over the long term.
Jain cited the example of HDFC Prudence (a balanced fund), which has grown 45 times since its inception in 1994, compared to seven times for the Sensex.
“We looked up the data for the average holding period. Only 3 percent of investors invested in the fund stayed on for more than 10 years, 23 percent for more than five years while 50 percent of investors put in money for less than three years,” Jain said.
“Out of roughly 70,000 investors in the fund, only 25 have stayed on since its inception. These 25 investors may have either forgotten about their investment or passed away,” he chuckled.
An advocate of low-PE investing, Jain said investors’ force of habit to come back into stocks only after a sustained period of outperformance has always caught them on the wrong foot.
“In 2003 [when a long-term bull market was about to take off], inflows into the country’s mutual funds were Rs 118 crore. In 2007 [when the rally came to an end], investors poured in Rs 50,0000 crore.”
“The discipline to buy when there is apathy for stocks and not go overboard when they start performing well always pays off,” Jain said, pointing to his 2012 presentation wherein he exhorted investors to buy stocks when they had fallen hard amid a quagmire of bad economic news and as mutual fund investors continued to redeem their investments.
“Today, the European crisis is not talked about anymore. India’s current account deficit and inflation are under control [but stock prices have run up considerably since then].”
RELATED NEWS

Kashmir floods: Come hail or rain  Army won t stop until the job is doneComments
From helicopter sorties to building bridges to tugging makeshift boats through muddied waters.  Our jawans have done it all  over the last one week to save tens of thousands marooned by the floods in Jammu and Kashmir. 
The jawans from the Indian Army, the Air Force and the National Disaster Relief Force braved hostile conditions to pull out 1.3 lakh survivors so far, while the state administration took a backseat. There are nearly four lakh more trapped by the waters in different areas, and the task is still by no means over.
We take a look at some amazing pictures of the daring rescue operations. 
 
Flood-affected Kashmiri residents ride on an Indian Army raft in Srinagar. AFP Photo
Flood victims board an Indian Air Force (IAF) helicopter after being rescued from a flooded area in Srinagar.  REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Srinagar: An Army jawan carrying a young boy to a relief camp after he was rescued. PTI Photo by Atul Yadav
Indian Army soldiers rescue a Kashmiri girl from her flooded house in Srinagar. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Tourists wait to be evacuated by Indian Air Force helicopters during rescue and relief operations following flooding in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
71 seriously ill persons airlifted. Indian Army has been conducting over 120 sorties everyday for rescue purposes. (Photo Credits: Army Directorate General of Public Information)
Handout photograph released by Ministry of Defence - a National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) team rescues stranded civilians in the flood affected part of Srinagar. AFP Photo/MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Member of the Indian Air Force's Garud Commando Force are lowered from a helicopter during a rescue operation for flood-affected people stranded on rooftops in Srinagar. REUTERS/ Ministry of Defence
An Army soldier carries relief packages for the flood Victims in Srinagar. PTI Photo
People being rescued by the Indian Army and local people after the flood at Tangpura in Srinagar. Raj k Raj/Hindustan Times
Indian Army personnel construct a bridge over the Poonch River to reconnect the Jammu-Poonch National Highway following flooding in Poonch. AFP Photo/MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Indian Army soldiers and civilians rescue an elderly flood victim in Srinagar. AP Photo/Altaf Qadri
Indian Army soldiers carry a seriously ill tourist towards a waiting Indian Air Force helicopter after he was rescued from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar.  AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Handout photograph released by Ministry of Defence - Indian Army personnel construct a bridge over the Poonch River to reconnect the Jammu-Poonch National Highway following flooding in Poonch. AFP Photo/MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Armed forces personnel offload relief material from an aircraft to distribute to flood affected people, at the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Indian Army soldiers carry a seriously ill tourist towards a waiting Indian Air Force helicopter after he was rescued from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
People being rescued by the Army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. Raj K Raj/HT Photo
The Army Cantt in Badami Bagh is submerged: yet the Army's commitment to the people of Srinagar continues. (Photo Credits: Army Directorate General of Public Information)
 
An Indian tourist cries as she is airlifted by a chopper in Srinagar. AP Photo
Sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik creates a sand sculpture dedicated to the Army, Air force, Navy and NDRF for their rescue operations in Jammu and Kashmir, at Puri beach. PTI Photo

No differences with Modi  relations cordial  says RajnathComments
Union home minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said his relations with Narendra Modi “were cordial, are cordial and will remain cordial”, days after threatening to quit politics over rumours of the PM allegedly summoning Singh’s son to reprimand him for some misconduct.
File photo: BJP's prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi is garlanded along with party president Rajnath Singh at the Vijay Sankalp rally in Ranchi. (PTI Photo)
When asked by HT to define his relations with Modi, Singh said, “He is our PM and an effective PM and I am the home minister in his government. What else.”
After a pause, he added, “Humare sambandh madhur they, madhur hai aur madhur rahenge (Our relations were cordial, are cordial and will always remain like that).” Singh was speaking at a press conference — his first after becoming home minister — to mark 100 days of being in office.
An anguished Singh had threatened to quit a couple of weeks ago if any charges of misconduct were proven against him or his family members. The PMO had also rejected the rumours while the Opposition called the episode as a sign of a power struggle at the highest levels of the government.

Pakistan arrests 3 navy officials for Taliban attack on dockyardPak arrests 3 navy officials for attack on dockyard
PTI
print
Three Pakistani navy personnel allegedly involved in the Taliban attack on Karachi's naval dockyard over the weekend have been arrested while they were attempting to flee to Afghanistan, officials said on Friday.
The arrests were made from the Lak Pass area of Quetta earlier this week when the three were trying to flee to Afghanistan, intensifying the probe to identify the insiders involved in the attack.
Read: Militants attack Pakistan navy dockyard
The three were shifted to Karachi for investigation, an official said.
Security forces had killed two militants and arrested another four when they attacked the key warship and submarine repair facility on Saturday.
A navy official said that the interrogation of the arrested militants had provided clues for further arrests and raids.
The Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) had claimed responsibility for the attack, saying they had inside help.
The recently announced South Asia wing of al-Qaeda also claimed that the dockyard attack was its handiwork.
The group also said that it received help from officials who had deserted the armed forces.
Al-Qaeda chief Ayman Al-Zawahiri last week announced the group's new branch to focus on South Asia and appointed Maulana Asim Umar, a Punjabi militant, as its chief.
Al-Qaeda also said that the group had planned to strike the US fleet in the nearby region after taking over the ship PNS Zulfiqar at the naval dockyard in Karachi.
The group claimed its fighters were "given the task of taking over PNS Zulfiqar and use its missile systems to target a US fleet".
However, the veracity of the claim could not be independently verified.
A retired security official said that the idea of taking over a naval warship and using its arsenal was "far-fetched".
"The militants are trying to make tall claims to impress their audience. In reality it is not possible because they couldn't even penetrate the dockyard, so how could they take over a ship," he said on condition of anonymity.
At least six militants aided by some Pakistan Navy personnel tried to storm the dockyard last Saturday but the attempt was foiled by marine and army commandos who killed two militants, including a former navy officer who had left the service a few months ago, and captured four others.

Yahoo says the US governmentWhat could 'they' know about me?
Yahoo said the US government threatened to fine it $250,000 a day if the search giant failed to hand over user data.
According to court documents, the National Security Agency (NSA) had demanded that Yahoo comply with new surveillance rules, something the company said was unconstitutional.
Yahoo failed in a court challenge on the constitutionality of the order.
But the details emerged on Thursday when a federal judge ordered the unsealing of some material about the case.
Yahoo's general counsel Ron Bell said publication of the material was "an important win for transparency".
Yahoo said that the government amended a law to demand user information from online services, prompting a court challenge. Former NSA contractor Edward Snowden disclosed the programme last year.
But the court documents reveal that the battle over surveillance between technology firms and the US government stretched back years before the Snowden revelations.
The new material about the case, first reported by the Washington Post, underscores "how we had to fight every step of the way to challenge the US government's surveillance efforts',' Mr Bell added.
"At one point, the US government threatened the imposition of $250,000 in fines per day if we refused to comply," he said.
About 1,500 pages of previously classified documents were unsealed by a federal court.
More on This Story

Markets remain directionless ahead of IIP & CPI dataMarkets remain directionless ahead of IIP & CPI data
Govt plans to merge existing state sponsored urban housing projectsGovt plans to merge existing state sponsored urban housing projects
Acceptable gas pricing key to further investments: NikoKalpana Pathak |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 04:38 PM IST
Acceptable gas pricing key to further investments: Niko
Niko Resources, in its annual general meeting presentation stated that "planned development projects in India dependent on acceptable gas pricing
Niko Resources, in its annual general meeting presentation stated that "planned development projects in India dependent on acceptable gas pricing.
In addition to its Krishna Godavari basin KG-D6 block, RIL and its partners are slated to invest in NEC-25 off the Odisha coast, R-series and satellite discoveries and other blocks.
Niko said final investment decisions to develop R-Series gas fields as well as satellite discoveries in KG-D6 block is "waiting on favourable resolution of gas price."
On Thursday, Sashi Mukundan, Regional President and Head of Country (India), BP Group said: "We are ready to go ahead with our first project which is probably a $4 billion project. We are getting ready to potentially move that forward (but) are waiting for the gas price decision. So is that frustration, yes because it was decided last June 2013."
BP said at the current current $4.2 per mmBtu gas rate, investment is unviable. This May RIL and its partners had field an arbitration seeking market pricing as per terms of D6 Block PSC.
While the previous UPA government had in June 2013, approved a new gas pricing formula, which would have doubled the natural gas rates to $8.4 per million British thermal unit on its implementation from April, 2014, the present government is reviewing it.
A four member panel of secretaries has been formed by the government to suggest a new gas pricing mechanism. The report of the committee is expected in next few days.
 Advertisements

Manappuram announces NCD issueBS Reporter |  Kochi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 04:30 PM IST
Manappuram announces NCD issue
KOCHI 12 SEPTEMBER     Manappuram Finance Limited, a  leading gold financing company, announced  its public issue of  non-convertible debentures (NCDs) of facevalue of Rs. 1,000 each, aggregating to Rs. 150 Crore  (with an option to retain over-subscription upto Rs.150/- Crore). The debentures will have a tenure ranging from 400 days to 75months and will have an effective yield up to 12.13 per cent  per annum. Addressing a press conference here today V.P.Nandakumar, MD and CEO of the company sai
Manappuram Finance Limited, a leading gold financing company, announced its public issue of non-convertible debentures (NCDs) of face value of Rs 1,000 each, aggregating to Rs 150 crore (with an option to retain over-subscription up to Rs 150 crore).
The debentures will have a tenure ranging from 400 days to 75 months and will have an effective yield up to 12.13% per annum.
Addressing a press conference here today V P Nandakumar, MD and CEO of the company said that there is a clear revival in the gold loan business in recent months and Manappuram Finance is well positioned to regain the momentum. The funds raised by this issue will help to drive growth and capitalize on the improving sentiments.
ICICI Securities Limited and AK Capital Services Limited are the lead managers to the Issue which opens on 15 September, and closes on 8 October. The debentures will be listed on BSE. Existing bondholders and shareholders of the company will be eligible for additional interest of 0.25% on investments in NCDs of 36 months tenure, he said.
Manappuram reported a net profit after tax of Rs 226.01 crore for FY 14 and a net worth of Rs. 2,492 crores as on March 31, 2014. The Company has a capital adequacy of 27.68% as of March 31, 2014 and has a long term credit rating of A+/Stable from CRISIL for the current issue.
The company 3,293 branches across 22 states and 4 UTs with Assets under management (AUM) of Rs.81.63 billion.
 Advertisements

Goldman Sachs cuts JP Associates target price by over 55%BS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 04:10 PM IST
Goldman Sachs cuts JP Associates target price by over 55%
Foreign brokerage Goldman Sachs has cut the target price for JP Associates by about 55% on near-term concerns over coal supply and slow growth in cement volumes
Foreign brokerage Goldman Sachs has cut the target price for JP Associates by about 55% on near-term concerns over coal supply and slow growth in cement volumes.
The brokerage has brought its 12-month target price for JP Associates to Rs 37 from Rs 84 earlier, it said in a note to clients.
The trigger for the cut-down in the target price was the sharp fall in the stock price after a 1.45% stake-sale by the group company Jaypee Infra Ventures through block trades between September 1 and 3.
Since September 1, the stock has fallen by 26%. The stock is currently trading down about 3% from Thursday's close at Rs 35.50. 
"Uncertainty also exists on fuel for its cement and power businesses pending the Supreme Court's decision on coal block allocation," said the note authored by analysts Pulkit Patni and Mohit Soni.
Goldman had upgraded the company's stock earlier this year in June. But since the upgrade on June 20, the share price of JP Associates has fallen by 49% while the benchmark Sensex has risen 9%.
Although the stock is trading at 0.6 times the FY16E price-to-book value, the brokerage said that the 2.2% return on equity expected offers little upside for the stock.
"We cut our FY16/17E standalone EPS by 31%/38% (FY15E remains at a loss) on lower cement EBITDA and higher interest expense as we incorporate the higher debt from the FY14 annual report," said the note.
According to the broking firm, the potential upside for the stock could be a sooner-than-expected improvement in the domestic capex cycle and potential asset sales at attractive valuations.
On the other hand, downside risks involve an unfavourable verdict on coal block allocations and potential asset sales at unattractive valuations.
 Advertisements

LIVE: Election Commission announces poll dates for Haryana MaharashtraV S Sampath said the Commission was watching the situation in flood hit J&K closely, and would take a decision after “things come back to some shape. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 4:59 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 10:24 pm
Voting to elect new assemblies in Maharashtra and Haryana will be held on October 15, and votes will be counted on October 19, the Election Commission announced on Friday.
The Commission made no announcement on elections that are due soon in two other states, Jammu and Kashmir and Jharkhand.
Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath said the Commission was watching the situation in flood hit J&K closely, and would take a decision after “things come back to some shape”.
The terms of the assemblies in both states end in January 2015.  The Model Code of Conduct has come into effect simultaneously with the announcement of elections. “All the provisions of the Model Code will apply to the whole of poll-going states and will be applicable to all candidates, political parties, and the state governments of Haryana and Maharashtra. The Model Code of Conduct shall be applicable to the union government for the states concerned,” the Commission said.
Asked if the Narendra Modi government’s announcements on its achievements in the first 100 days of its tenure would be under the Code’s purview, Sampath told reporters, “Any decision which is in the nature of influencing the voter behaviour… will be covered.”
The term of the Haryana assembly expires on October 27; that of Maharashtra’s on November 8. Of the 288 seats in Maharashtra, 29 are reserved for Scheduled Castes and 25 for Scheduled Tribes. In Haryana, out of the total 90 seats, 17 are reserved for SCs.
By elections for five assembly seats — one each in Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Nagaland, Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat — and for two Lok Sabha constituencies — Beed in Maharashtra and Kandhamal in Orissa — will also be held on the same day. Counting too will be held on October 19.
A total 8.25 crore people in Maharashtra will vote at 90,403 polling stations; 1.61 crore will vote at 16,244 polling stations in Haryana. The entire electorate in Haryana is covered by Photo Electoral Rolls and Elector’s Photo Identity Cards (EPICs); in Maharashtra, 91.3 per cent of voters are on Photo Electoral Rolls and 92.4 per cent have EPICs.
The Election Commission will use a Voter Verifiable Paper Audit Trail (VVPAT) at 3,942 polling stations in 13 constituencies in Maharashtra, and at 959 polling stations in 6 constituencies in Haryana, the CEC said.

Bhupinder Singh Hooda announces Rs 10 cr assistance to flood-hitJ&KPress Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: September 12, 2014 4:47 pm
Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Friday announced an assistance of Rs 10 crore for the flood-affected people of Jammu and Kashmir.
Hooda flagged off seven trucks for the flood-affected state, carrying relief material including 50,000 blankets, 10,000 nylon plastic sheets, medicines and food items, an official spokesman said.
He said the Haryana government was with the affected people of the Jammu and Kashmir in this hour of crisis and assured the state all necessary assistance in relief operation.
“The people of J&K have been struck with natural calamity of unprecedented magnitude, something which one has never seen or heard before,” Hooda said, while flagging off the trucks from his Delhi residence.
Noting that the situation in J&K was grim, Hooda appealed to people to make contributions for the people of the flood-affected state.
He appreciated the efforts of the Army, Air Force and other agencies engaged in relief and rescue operations in J&K and said their efforts had helped in saving several lives.
The state government has also appointed Principal Secretary, Social Justice and Empowerment Department P K Das as the Nodal Officer for efficient handling of relief assistance.

Cabinet nod to be seeked to bring 52% stake ...You are here: Home > Collections
Finance Ministry to seek Cabinet nod to bring stake in banks to upto 52 per cent
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 05.04PM IST
Tags:
Arun Jaitley
(At present, government shareholding in…)
NEW DELHI: The Finance Ministry is finalising the draft Cabinet note on reducing government stake in PSU banks to up to 52 per cent as part of recapitalisation drive.
In 2010, the then Cabinet had approved a proposal to keep the minimum shareholding of government to 58 per cent in the public sector banks in order to provide buffer for the future.
A draft note is now being finalised for taking blanket approval from the Cabinet to bring down government the minimum stake in state-owned banks from 58 per cent to up to 52 per cent as and when required. It would soon be circulated to different ministries for their feedback, sources said.
As per law, government holding at any moment must not come below 51 per cent to maintain the public sector character of PSU banks.
At present, government shareholding in various banks varies between 56.26 per cent ( Bank of Baroda ) and 88.63 per cent ( Central Bank of India ).
Public sector banks require equity capital of Rs 2.4 lakh crore by 2018 to meet Basel III norms. For the current fiscal, the government has allocated Rs 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation.
The government has infused an amount of Rs 58,600 crore between 2011 to 2014.
During the current fiscal, sources said, SBI and PNB may be among the first banks to tap capital market this financial year to raise funds to meet global risk norms Basel III.
State Bank of India (SBI) is the country's largest bank and government holds 58.60 per cent stake. Punjab National Bank is the second largest PSU bank, in which government holding is 58.87 per cent.
The capital would be raised through various instruments and at different times depending on the best valuation, they said. It will be done through a combination of FPO and QIP. Besides, banks could raise through bonds and selling assets.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget speech had said that "to be in line with Basel-III norms there is a requirement to infuse Rs 2,40,000 crore as equity by 2018 in our banks. To meet this huge capital requirement we need to raise additional resources to fulfil this obligation".
While preserving the public ownership, the capital of these banks will be raised by increasing the shareholding of the people in a phased manner through the sale of shares largely through retail to common citizens of this country, the minister had said.
"Thus, while the government will continue to have majority shareholding, the citizens of India will also get direct shareholding in these banks, which currently they hold indirectly," he had said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What if Lok Sabha debates Scotland  asks UK MP during J-K discussion in House of CommonsComments
A heated debate in the House of Commons on Thursday on Jammu and Kashmir saw several British MPs uphold India’s position, with one MP questioning whether it was right for the house to hold such a debate, citing a hypothetical situation of the Lok Sabha debating Scotland.
 
Barry Gardiner, Labour MP from Brent North – a constituency with a large minority of people of Indian origin – said: “In exactly a week’s time, the people of Scotland will go to the polls in a referendum to decide the future of our country”.
 
“The debate has been hotly contested and not without its ill temper; but imagine the outrage on both sides of that debate if the Indian Parliament, the Lok Sabha, were today debating the merits or demerits of Scottish independence and passing judgement upon what we in the United Kingdom see as a matter for us, and us alone, to decide,” he said.
 
Conservative MP Bob Blackman called for Pakistan security forces to vacate Pak-Occupied Kashmir, while others highlighted the plight of Kashmiri Pandits driven out of their homeland, and the incidents of terrorism and infiltration emanating from across the border.
 
Blackman said: “Far from wanting secession, either to Pakistan or as a separate state, the vast majority of people in the state (Jammu & Kashmir) want it to remain part of India. I have a solution to the problem, which is that the Pakistani forces illegally occupying part of Kashmir should leave and unite Jammu and Kashmir as one state under the auspices of India, and then it should be decided what is to happen”.
 
The debate saw the British government reiterate its known position that “It is not for the UK to prescribe a solution or to mediate in finding one”.
 
Foreign Office minister Tobias Ellwood said he agreed with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent statement that any meaningful dialogue between India and Pakistan ‘necessarily requires an environment that is free from terrorism and violence’.
 
Ellwood said: “The long-standing position of the UK is that it is for India and Pakistan to find a lasting resolution to the situation in Kashmir, one which takes into account…the wishes of the Kashmiri people”.
 
This was the second debate on Jammu & Kashmir in the House of Commons in three years.
 
Unlike the debate in September 2011, which evoked much concern in official Indian circles, this time the response was less evocative, which partly reflected a globally more confident India’s reset world-view that focusses more on countries such as Russia, Japan and the United States.
 
To suggestions by some MPs that Britain had a role to play in Jammu & Kashmir, Conservative MP Gregory Barker said: “Given Britain’s legacy in India, I have to say that I find the assumption—presumption, rather—that we somehow have a role to play slightly offensive”.
 
He added: “It smacks of neo-imperialism, it is arrogant and we should respect the extraordinary achievements of India since 1947. Britain would have a role to play only if and when our advice or assistance were sought. Clearly, in this case, it is not”.
 
Of ther 18 MPs who participated in the debate, two were of Indian origin: Paul Uppal (Conservative) and Virendra Sharma (Labour). The debate was secured by David Ward, Liberal Democrats MP from Bradford East, a constituency with a large minority of Pakistan origin.

SC allows Italian marine to go home for treatmentSC allows Italian marine to go home for treatment
Agencies  New Delhi, September 12, 2014
First Published: 15:34 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:24 IST(12/9/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court ruled on Friday that one of the Italian marines detained for the 2012 killing of two fishermen can go home for medical treatment.
The court said it had agreed to allow Massimiliano Latorre to spend four months at home after the Italian ambassador undertook to ensure that he returned to India to stand trial.
"In the face of no objection from union of India, we let the marine travel to Italy," said Chief Justice RM Lodha
Latorre wants to return to Italy to recuperate after he was hospitalised in New Delhi with ischaemia -- a restricted blood supply that can lead to a stroke.
The court asked Latorre to give an unequivocal and unambiguous undertaking about his date of departure and arrival back in India.
The 47-year-old was discharged from hospital on Sunday and is not thought to be in any immediate danger, but Italy's foreign minister Federica Mogherini insisted that his chances of a full recovery would be increased by being allowed home.
Latorre and fellow marine Salvatore Girone are accused of shooting the fishermen while serving as part of an anti-piracy mission on an Italian-flagged oil tanker, the Enrica Lexie, off the coast of Kerala.
 
The Italian sailors say they mistook the fishing boat for a pirate vessel and fired what were intended to be warning shots.They have been living at Italy's embassy pending a possible trial and were not allowed to leave India.
 
Italy says the pair should be tried on home soil since the shootings involved an Italian-flagged vessel in what Rome insists were international waters.
India, however, asserts the killings took place in waters under its jurisdiction.

Amit International: Outcome of board meetingSep 12, 2014, 05.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Amit International: Outcome of board meeting
Amit International has board meeting held on September 01, 2014, has approved the following: 1. Company has decided to have e-voting arrangement with CDSL. 2. The audit committee is being reconstituted. 3. Board has taken note of the declaration received from Independent Directors.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Amit International: Outcome of board meeting
Amit International has board meeting held on September 01, 2014, has approved the following: 1. Company has decided to have e-voting arrangement with CDSL. 2. The audit committee is being reconstituted. 3. Board has taken note of the declaration received from Independent Directors.
Post your opinion here
 
Amit International Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 01, 2014, inter alia, has approved the following:1. Company has decided to have e-voting arrangement with CDSL.2. The audit committee is being reconstituted.3. Board has taken note of the declaration received from Independent Directors.Source : BSE

Excel Crop Care: Outcome of AGMSep 12, 2014, 05.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Excel Crop Care: Outcome of AGM
Excel Crop Care has informed that the 50th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 10, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Excel Crop Care: Outcome of AGM
Excel Crop Care has informed that the 50th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 10, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Excel Crop Care Ltd has informed BSE that the 50th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 10, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

DB Realty: AGM on Sept 27  2014Sep 12, 2014, 05.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
DB Realty: AGM on Sept 27, 2014
D B Realty has informed that the 8th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
DB Realty: AGM on Sept 27, 2014
D B Realty has informed that the 8th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
D B Realty Ltd has informed BSE that the 8th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Friday s Top 6 News Storiesfriday s top 6 news stories
Nifty ends higher; blue chips leadNifty ends higher; blue chips lead
Gravita India climbs on new export orderGravita India climbs on new export order
Ingersoll-Rand (India) hits record highIngersoll-Rand (India) hits record high
Coal scam: SC refuses to hear pleas of companiesCoal scam: SC refuses to hear pleas of companies
Mudit Finlease: Board recommends dividendSep 12, 2014, 05.13 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mudit Finlease: Board recommends dividend
Mudit Finlease has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on May 29, 2014, has recommended a dividend of 4% (Rs. 0.40 per equity share of Rs. 10 each) for the financial year 2013-14.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mudit Finlease: Board recommends dividend
Mudit Finlease has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on May 29, 2014, has recommended a dividend of 4% (Rs. 0.40 per equity share of Rs. 10 each) for the financial year 2013-14.
Post your opinion here
 
Mudit Finlease Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on May 29, 2014, inter alia, has recommended a dividend of 4% (Rs. 0.40 per equity share of Rs. 10 each) for the financial year 2013-14.Source : BSE

Soma Textiles & Industries: Outcome of board meetingSep 12, 2014, 05.12 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Soma Textiles & Industries: Outcome of board meeting
Soma Textiles & Industries has informed regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on August 14, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Soma Textiles & Industries: Outcome of board meeting
Soma Textiles & Industries has informed regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on August 14, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Soma Textiles & Industries Ltd has informed BSE regarding Outcome of Board Meeting held on August 14, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Meat Scandal Is Just Killing McDonald s Salesreddit
Ronald McDonald is having a second helping, and not the good kind.
McDonald’s reported Tuesday that global sales at stores open more than a year dropped 3.7 percent in August . That was the company’s worst month for what are known as "same-store sales," a key retail metric, since the Spring of 2003, according to Mark Kalinowski, a managing director at Janney Capital Markets. This is the second month in a row that McDonald’s has reported global same-store sales that set 10-year marks for awfulness.
“It is challenging out there,” Kalinowski said. “Even McDonald’s realizes that this is unlikely to be a quick fix here.”
The Golden Arches’ global performance was dragged down largely by what it calls its Asia/Pacific, Middle East and Africa region, where same-store sales plunged 14.5 percent . McDonald’s is still recovering after a video surfaced showing workers at one of its meat suppliers in China engaging in unhygienic practices, including picking up meat off the floor and putting it back in a processing machine. McDonald’s was forced to pull meat off menus in many China outlets after the scandal came to light.
McDonald's “is in the process of undertaking recovery strategies in order to restore customers' trust and confidence” in the region, the company said in a press release .
McDonald’s is also struggling at home. The economic downturn and slow recovery means that low-income diners aren't spending as much on fast food. Those who can afford to spend are heading to chains like Chipotle or Shake Shack , which emphasize a commitment to quality, fresh food and treating employees well.
At McDonald's, U.S. same-store sales fell 2.8 percent . And in August McDonald's captured its second smallest share of the fast-food market since 2011, according to an analyst note from Kalinowski. The company named a new U.S. president last month , signaling it may be looking for a way to turn around its struggling performance.
Compounding these issues is the fact that McDonald’s has become a focal point in protests demanding higher pay and better working conditions in the fast-food industry. Hundreds of demonstrators were arrested last week -- some in McDonald’s uniforms -- protesting in cities across the country.
More:

Shes shifted gears  and howUpdated: September 10, 2014 20:34 IST
She’s shifted gears — and how
PRINCE FREDERICK
THE VROOM QUEENS Alisha Abdullah
THE VROOM QUEENS Chithra Priya
TOPICS
human interest
Endurance biking and motor racing as careers for women. A radical idea? Not quite
Lining up on the track for a 110 cc bike race, a very young Alisha Abdullah received a withering look. It came from her competitors, all of them boys. It seemed to say: “Pay a little attention to the fact that you are a girl.” She did. She paid as little attention as possible to it and finished second.
She did not stop with the triumph, content she had made her point. She went on to show a woman can live by the wheel. As much as a man can. She has ridden bikes and cars on the race track. With podium finishes and wider visibility, came the rewards. She has been brand ambassador for products connected with automobiles, motor racing and rarely, those absolutely unrelated to either of them.
Another one to have proved wheels can power a woman’s life is Chithra Priya. In a totally different way, though. An endurance biker, she goes on long rides racing against the clock. The rides are meticulously planned and more importantly, backed by sponsors.
The sponsor comes on board because he is assured of publicity. “First, there is publicity during the course of the entire ride, which sometimes stretches across the country,” says Chithra. Recently, she rode from Kanyakumari to Kashmir in six days, accompanied by another woman biker, Sukhmani Gill from Chandigarh, who works as a data analyst in Chennai.
“I create video blogs of such rides and upload them in real time. These rides are also promoted across social media,” explains Chithra. And then, she invariably attempts to create records through these rides, a factor that helps create a buzz about them.
As a poster girl for long-distance biking, she is also invited to test, review and endorse automobile products.
For both the girls, achieving such visibility took hard work. Real hard work, as Alisha would put it. To be noticed, Alisha had to first race against men on the track. Which automatically meant she had to spend countless hours at the gym.
“Being super fit is necessary when you are competing with men,” says Alisha. With childlike glee, she narrates how she beat a guy hands down in push-ups. “In a 2013 training camp for motor racers, organised by JK Tyre in Delhi, I did 55 push-ups in a minute.”
Great fitness is just as essential if you are competing with women racers from other parts of the world. Something she found out recently. In the Toyota Vios Cup, a five-podium street car racing event, conducted recently in Thailand, she finished fifth. She was amazed at the abilities of the women she raced against. “In many other countries, a woman racer is not a novelty. Given the encouragement, they are naturally good. Even the women racers from Asia drive considerably fast. Faster than many men in racing. It’s not surprising. They have breakfast, lunch and dinner on the track,” says Alisha.
In India, a woman motor racer is often something to be gawked at, in disbelief. Alisha warns young women against unrealistic expectations from motor racing. It can be an exciting career, but one fraught with challenges.
Which include, firstly, the fuddy-duddies who’ll frown at the possibility that a woman can belong to the track. It takes some deft emotional footwork to take such attitude in one’s stride. Alisha coped with it, because her father R.A. Abdullah is a great bike racer of yesteryears. Secondly, sponsorships.
They are hard to come by for anyone who is starting out. More so, for a fledgling woman racer. Here again, her father’s support proved invaluable to Alisha, especially in the early part of her 12-year career.
Thirdly, sign-ups to promote brands happen only if a woman racer hoofs it to the podium regularly. “Nobody is a fool. Unless you do consistently well, they are not going to take a second look at you,” says the 25-year-old, whose looks and racing popularity are getting noticed in tinsel town.
She played a guest role as a biker in the film Irumbu Kuthirai. She is playing a more significant role in another film, under production. Her dream is to figure in a film that is entirely about motor racing.
“I want to use the medium to bring greater visibility to motor racing,” says the girl, who plans to start an academy to train women in bike racing techniques. Alisha has a masters degree from the Loyola Institute of Business Administration.
Chithra’s challenges are way different. She often rides solo. On an endurance ride, she has to deal with quizzical looks and a laundry list of questions, while checking into a hotel at midnight. There is also the question of safety on the road. Is it worth the trouble? She says it is.
Chithra, 30, turned professional biker in 2010. In the process, she turned the taillight on many possibly great careers. She has a degree in visual communication. A masters in film making. And an MBA degree to crown it all. “Touring is a highly rewarding sport and career. You get to travel to many places. You get to meet many people.”
She says the overall attitude towards women in endurance biking is positive. The community of male bikers is particularly supportive. And she believes she is in a career that is set on the long road.
“For many, long distance biking is a great retirement plan. I have met bikers, who are in their sixties,” says Chithra. For her though, it is a career without any retirement plans.

Five Reasons Why India s Rating May be UpgradedYou are here: Home Economy
Rating Upgrade Around the Corner for India, Says Bank of America
NDTV | Written By: Varun Sinha | Updated On: September 11, 2014 15:10 (IST)
Inflation Drops to Five-Year Low on Fall in Fuel, Food Prices
A strong government, stable currency and signs of faster economic growth mean India is back in favour as an attractive investment destination. India's share markets are already booming with the benchmark Sensex and Nifty hitting a series of record highs over the past several months mainly on the back of nearly $14 billion investment by foreign investors year-to-date.
A likely ratings upgrade in the coming months will be an icing on the cake, but that might not be far away according to a Bank of America Merrill Lynch analysis. Global ratings agencies Standard & Poor's and Fitch had cut their outlook on India to negative in 2012, warning the country of a possible rating downgrade to "junk".
But, BoA economists Indranil Sen Gupta and Abhishek Gupta say the negative outlook could soon be upgraded because of the following reasons,
1) Rebound in growth: India's growth is bottoming out far higher than Brazil or Russia, the investment bank says. It expects growth to rebound to 7.5 per cent by 2018, while agreeing with Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan's analysis that economic growth could reach 6.5 per cent by next year. A recovery in the US, sharp fall in Brent crude prices, stability in the rupee and the Modi regime's reform push could aid economic recovery, the investment bank added.
2) Drivers of inflation are fading: BoA economists say inflation is peaking and expect CPI inflation to come off to 6 per cent in 2016 in line with the RBI's forecast. Normal rains, lower oil prices and a stable currency will help bring down inflation, the economists say.
3) Risks from twin deficits have proven to be overdone: High fiscal deficit, in simple terms a worsening of public finances, was one of the big reasons for India's ratings downgrade in April 2012. The downgrade forced former Finance Minister P Chidambaram to come out with aggressive targets to maintain fiscal discipline. Current Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has vowed to narrow India's fiscal deficit to 4.1 per cent of GDP. BoA says there are risks to Mr Jaitley's target because tax projections are ambitious and some expenditure from the previous fiscal year has been deferred to the current year. But, the government is likely to stick to its net borrowing target (nearly Rs 5 lakh crore), which is a positive, it adds. Besides, India has managed to narrow its current account deficit sharply, thanks to the steps (like raising duty on gold) taken by the previous UPA government and the RBI. The Modi government seems to be in no hurry to overturn the previous regime's measures as far as gold duty is concerned.
4) Stability in rupee: BoA expects the rupee to stabilise in the 58-62 per dollar range. It expects Governor Rajan will continue to buy dollars till forex reserves are adequate for an eight-month import cover. The forex reserve will help to guard against contagion, the investment bank says.
5) Interest rate cuts around the corner: Over the last three years, interest rates in India have continued to be at elevated levels leading corporates to postpone investment decisions. But, with inflation easing, the RBI is likely to start reducing interest rates from February 2015, BoA says. This will boost economic growth and productivity. BoA economists expect India to emerge as the second-largest emerging market after China by 2019.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 12:27 (IST)

US pays tributes and remembers victims on 9/11 anniversarypicture  others
US pays tributes and remembers victims on 9/11 anniversary
Yachiyo Kuge, mother of Toshiya Kuge who was a passenger on Flight 93, places origami birds near his name, at the Wall of Names at the Flight 93 National Memorial in Shanksville.
Thursday marks the 13th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terror attacks.
The Tribute in Light rises behind the Brooklyn Bridge and buildings adjacent to the World Trade Center complex in New York. The tribute, an art installation of 88 searchlights aiming skyward in two columns, is a remembrance of the September 11, 2001, attacks.
The Tribute in Light rises behind buildings adjacent to the World Trade Center in New York. The art installation consists of 88 searchlights aiming skyward in two columns, in memory of the former twin towers. Four World Trade Center is at left. Thirteen years after 9/11 forever changed the New York skyline, officials say developments at the World Trade Center are on track and on budget.
In this June 10, 2014 file photo provided by Carol Orazem, shows a pair of boots with melted soles that Orazem wore while working at the World Trade Center after the terrorist attacks of 2001.
Orazem was a New York City police detective when the towers were destroyed. She donated the boots she wore while working at the World Trade Center rescue/recovery operation to the National September 11 Memorial and Museum.
In this July 29, 2014 file photo provided by the National September 11 Memorial and Museum, shows a pair of high-heel shoes worn by JoAnne 'JoJo' Capestro while descending 87 floors of stairs to escape a World Trade center tower on Sept. 11, 2001.
The shoes are among the clothes, wallets, helmets, and other personal effects donated to the museum by survivors and those who worked at the site in the attacks’ aftermath. (Source: AP)
In this September 11, 2013, file photo, President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama stand for a moment of silence on the South Lawn at the White House in Washington, as they mark the 12th anniversary of the September 11 terror attacks. Five times, Obama has come before the American people to reckon with the legacy of the 9/11 terrorist attacks on the anniversary of that awful day. Each time, he has tailored his message to the moment, at different points stressing themes of service, resilience, tolerance, reconciliation. (Source: AP)
In this September 11, 2001 file photo, people run from a collapsing World Trade Center tower in New York. For over a decade after the autumn of 2001, America, with its allies, has been at war against factions of Islamist militants and terrorists, including the Taliban and al-Qaida, as well as offshoots in Yemen, Somalia and elsewhere.
In this November 13, 2013 file photo, World Trade Center, center, is viewed from the 62nd floor of Four World Trade Center in New York. On the thirteenth anniversary of the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, 1 World Trade Center will soon open to its first tenants and Four World Trade Center is open.
This September 8, 2008 file photo shows the early stages of reconstruction starting at the World Trade Center site in New York.
Thirteen years after 9/11 forever changed the New York skyline, officials say developments at the World Trade Center are on track and on budget.
In this September 10, 2013 file photo, the Tribute in Light rises above buildings during a test in New York.
While the plaza at the National September 11 Memorial and Museum will be closed to the public, during the September 11 commemoration ceremony and much of the rest of the day, it will be open from 6 p.m. to midnight for those who want to pay respects and view one of the anniversary's most evocative traditions, the twin beams called the Tribute in Light.

PSU Banks may be ready for an up move if market remains stable: Sukhani11 September 2014
Thursday
Choppy markets conditions are likely tomorrow, when large cap as well as mid caps may remain without much direction
Bank Nifty has seen a false breakout today. Prices remained below the resistance zone near 16200 – 16220. PSU Banks are outperforming the banking sector. Correction continues in CNX IT. A possible trading range is now visible in IT Index.
We have ZINC in METAL SECTION. Trend is sideways as prices are trading inside a range. Wait for a clear direction in this instrument. We have FMCG in Sector Focus. Prices are consolidating and at the verge of breakout. We may get a buying in outperforming FMCG Stocks. Stock in focus includes ASIANPAINTS, BANKBARODA, HINDPETRO and JUBLFOOD. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss USD INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

Oscar Pistorius VerdictOscar Pistorius' Marathon Trial Marked by Screams, Tears, Vomit, Anger
When sentencing proceedings start, the state will call witnesses to testify in support of aggravation of a sentence while the defense will call witnesses to testify in support of mitigation of sentence. After witnesses are called on both sides, the state and defense will deliver closing arguments.
A culpable homicide charge could send Pistorius to prison for up to 15 years, although a non-custodial sentence could also be imposed. Mitigating factors, such as his emotional state, anxiety levels and disability could result in a lesser sentence.
The firearms charges Pistorius faces each carry as many as five years in prison. The judge has the discretion to order that any or all of the sentences should run concurrently or separately.
While Pistorius' trial seemed lengthy, the appeals process to South Africa's Supreme Court of Appeal would likely take years, meaning that if he's sentenced to prison time, Pistorius likely would not serve it any time soon.
If Pistorius is found not guilty, it's possible the legal drama could still drag on for the athlete. The state could appeal if it thinks the judge made an error in her interpretation of the law.
Related Topics: Oscar Pistorius , South Africa
Join the Discussion
You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer. Please click here to upgrade your browser in order to comment.

Jammu and Kashmir floods: "I had no government " says Omar AbdullahBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

RBI not keen on raising inter-bank ATM usage feeNupur Anand |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 11:50 PM IST
RBI not keen on raising inter-bank ATM usage fee
Currently, the fee is Rs 15 per financial transaction. This has been recommended to be revised to Rs 16.50, plus service tax (12%), taking the amount to Rs 18.48
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is reportedly not keen on accepting banks’ demand to increase the interchange fee, the amount one bank charges another if its consumer uses the ATM of the non-home bank.
“There is already  a cap on ATM transactions. If we increase the fee further and based on it the banks also make changes on the amount they want to be passed on to the customer, it can hurt the customer further. As a result, the regulator is not very comfortable in revising the rates currently,” said a banker.
Currently, the fee is Rs 15 per financial transaction. This has been recommended to be revised to Rs 16.50, plus service tax (12 per cent), taking the amount to Rs 18.48. This is a fee the customer’s bank pays to the one that maintains the ATM. The first three transactions at other ATMs are free and after this, the bank can choose to pass on the cost to the consumer. But by RBI order,  banks cannot charge consumers more than Rs 20.
Last month, RBI had permitted banks to charge customers for using home-bank ATMs for more than five transactions a month. Till now, banks were only allowed to charge customers if they transacted in non-home bank ATMs more than five times in a month. That cap has also been reduced to three in the six big cities of Mumbai, Delhi, Chennai, Kolkata, Bangalore and Hyderabad.
Bankers said public sector lenders have been working to keep the interchange fee low; private sector banks had been lobbying for an increase. This is because state-run banks are generally the issuer ones (which issue the card) and the private banks in most cases are the acquirer bank (the non-home bank ATM the consumer uses).
Another person familiar with the development said public sector lenders especially feel more changes should not be made in terms of fee revision. “If more banks decide to pass on the increased cost to consumers, it might lead to more branch visits, something we fear might also happen after the changes made in the number of free transactions. This, in turn, will increase the costs to banks,” said another banker.
The demand for a rise in interchange fee started after banks came under pressure to strengthen security at ATMs after the attack on a woman in a Bangalore one last year. Lenders complain the increased security will translate into increased cost and to stay profitable, the interchange fee should be increased.
HOLD ON... NOT NOW
Interchange fee: The amount a bank charges the other bank, if the latter’s consumer/customer uses the ATM of the former, a non-home bank
 
Rs 15: The fee per transaction banks are charged by another bank for use of the latter’s ATM facilities by the former’s customers
 
Rs 16.50: The recommended revised interchange fee
 
It is learnt RBI is not comfortable in revising the interchange fee soon
 
The demand for a increase in interchange fee begun after banks came under pressure to beef up security at ATMs, after the brutal attack on a woman in a Bangalore ATM last year
 Advertisements

Hertz to Add 3 Icahn Candidates to BoardPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Alliance Data to Buy Conversant for $2.3 BillionPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

ComEd: We want customers to control their energy data4
Consumer data advocates who are pushing for greater access would like to see Illinois improve on a model called “Green Button” that's being used in California at Pacific Gas and Electric and San Diego Gas & Electric. With a simple login, customers can move data in a standard format, to whomever they like.
Jensen said the company looked at the California utilities as a potential model, but found that creating a back-end platform that can automatically authenticate that a third party is secure and authorized to receive a customer’s data has been “more complicated than we thought it would be when we started.”
Part of the issue is money, Jensen said. There is a cost to set up such a platform and in order to justify such an investment for consumers, ComEd would need clarity from the Illinois Commerce Commission. Specifically, ComEd needs to know where its responsibilities end and a consumer’s begin.
Consumer advocate groups have asked the ICC to lay out a consumer bill of rights by spring.
Thursday’s story told the tale of a building manager who attempted to contract with an outside company to create a “dashboard” for her building’s tenants. The idea was to show tenants their energy consumption in real time to encourage energy efficiency. But she said ComEd couldn’t  provide authorization forms because they didn’t exist.
“There is no ‘form’ to do this,” Jensen said Thursday. “This has never really been a process before. So we’re working out through the (Illinois Commerce Commission) what the process is for authorizing third-party access to data.”
Jensen said the kind of situation the building manager outlined is being handled on a case by case basis. The data is accessible, he said. Aggregated data for an entire building, he said, has always been easy to access. But breaking it down to the individual tenant level triggers privacy issues.
“We can’t just hand over customer data,” he said. “They need to be able to authorize us to hand over their data,’’ Jensen said. “And right now that’s not the simplest process.”
jwernau@tribune.com

Yahoo wins battle in secretive intel courtYahoo wins battle in secretive surveillance court
By Gregory Wallace  @gregorywallace September 12, 2014: 7:21 AM ET
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The public is getting a broader glimpse at the still-secretive world of government data collection.
Yahoo ( YHOO , Tech30 ) said Thursday it won release of 1,500 pages of documents filed in a secretive surveillance court. It said the documents stem from an unsuccessful lawsuit it brought in 2008 challenging the government's right to demand user information.
The company won a victory last year when portions of previously-closed documents were ordered public. As it noted Thursday, disclosures from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court are "extremely rare."
The documents are a public relations victory for Yahoo: They show it resisting orders to comply with the surveillance programs.
"Yahoo has not complied with the directives because of concerns that the directives require Yahoo to assist in conducting warrantless surveillance that is likely to capture private communications of United States citizens located in the U.S. and abroad," Yahoo wrote in a legal document, arguing the orders violated "the privacy of U.S. citizens."
The government put great pressure on Yahoo to comply with its order, the company said.
"At one point, the U.S. Government threatened the imposition of $250,000 in fines per day if we refused to comply," read the announcement from Ron Bell, Yahoo's lawyer.
Related: Americans' baby photos and resumes among NSA spy haul
But the documents also contain new information that may fuel the public debate over the programs.
Among them is "a mostly unredacted" surveillance order from the federal government and the surveillance court ruling from the 2008 lawsuit. Yahoo was initially blocked from publicly releasing the decision.
Then began a months-long process of declassifying the documents, and the secretive court ruled Thursday the documents were ready for release. The documents were posted online on the Director of National Intelligence's Web site .
 
Who gets caught in the NSA's net?
Surveillance laws require Yahoo and other companies to collect information from users and are prohibited from telling the users about the collection.
Yahoo and other tech companies -- Google ( GOOG ), Facebook ( FB , Tech30 ), Microsoft ( MSFT , Tech30 ) and LinkedIn ( LNKD , Tech30 ) -- have been allowed to disclose broad numbers about how many surveillance requests they receive from federal authorities, and have called on the government to allow further releases.
--Chris Isidore contributed to this report.
First Published: September 11, 2014: 7:41 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Rupee Recovers After Sliding Past 61/DollarYou are here: Home Market
Rupee Recovers After Sliding Past 61/Dollar
Agencies | Updated On: September 12, 2014 13:00 (IST)
The rupee recovered to 60.78/79 per dollar versus Thursday's close of 60.9250/9350 after hitting a day low of 61.03 per dollar in early trade.
Traders say custodian banks were seen selling dollars which helped the surge in rupee.
Traders also monitored domestic shares for cues on fund flows. The Nifty was largely trading flat ahead of key data
Consumer inflation data due post-market will be crucial for near term direction of rupee.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 13:00 (IST)

Experts likely to recommend raising minimum age for smoking to 25BSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Kashmir floods are a kind of national calamity: Rajnath SinghBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Coal scam: SC refuses to hear pleas of cos | "What s the hurry to close this case"coal blocks
(Bench headed by CJI R M Lodha…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday refused to give any further hearing on the pleas of companies which were illegally allocated coal blocks by the government.
A bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha turned down the pleas of power generating companies that they should be re-heard in case the apex court decides to cancel the allotments.
The bench has already reserved its order on the fate of 218 coal blocks allocations which were declared by it as illegal and arbitrary.
The apex court had on September 9 reserved its order after the Centre advocated their cancellation while the allotees blamed the government for irregularities and demanded setting up of a committee to go into each of the allocations.
The Coal Producers Association, Sponge Iron Manufacturers Association and Independent Power Producers Association of India and some private entities had opposed the stand of the government for not favouring the constitution of any committee to look into consequences of the August 25 judgement of apex court.
They had deprecated the Centre's stand that "cancellation of coal block allocation is a natural consequence of the judgement" by saying that it would lead to total disaster and ultimate suffering for the man on street and rural population, already facing power crisis.
The bench had, however, said, "Government is only articulating its position" and it would "not be a fair way" of dealing with the matter as "screening committee meetings speak for themselves that no procedure was followed". PTI AAC RKS MNL SC 09121331 NNNN
FEATURED ARTICLES

Margins to scale up to 20% by FY15-end: Dishman PharmaWe provide much better quality, which is to be ingested by the humans and we can charge a premium on those products that we send out in the market
Arpit Vyas
MD
Dishman Pharma
Dishman Pharma  expects margins to scale up to 20 percent by the end of FY15. The company is focusing on contract manufacturing to boost its margins over volumes in its Vitamin D business, says MD Arpit Vyas.
The company is now concentrating on high margins and high value business in Netherlands and expects a sizable improvement by the end of the year.
The company expects revenues for the Netherlands businessto be around 30-35 million and PAT to be around 12-13 percent going ahead. 
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: You will be concentrating more on the margins as opposed to revenues, can you give us an update on that?
A: That is correct. In vitamin D business, we are now concentrating on the margins and not on the volumes and you can see from Q1 that it has worked very well and Netherlands has posted a profit after tax (PAT) of almost around 20-21 percent. It will not be feasible to maintain the PAT margins at those levels throughout the year but we expect a sizeable improvement by the end of the financial year.
Q: What would the revenues look like for the Netherlands business and by how much can you scale up your margins there?
A: The revenues would be around 30-35 million at the low level if I am being conservative and the PAT would be around 12-13 percent.
Q: Why are you concentrating more on your margins and not on your revenue, can you give us a reason for that? Is it just to build up your EBITDA?
A: It is not to build up our EBITDA. It is a simple strategy that the entire market demand - the world demand for vitamin D is 400,000 metric tonnes. Right now, some of the Chinese companies are flooding the market.
We provide much better quality, which is to be ingested by the humans and we can charge a premium on those products that we send out in the market.
Hence, we are controlling the market and not make it a commodity product but a profitable product.
Q: Give us one word on what is happening in China? What will the revenues look like and would it be a loss for you in China? If yes, could you quantify the amount?
A: In China, from what we have seen in this fiscal year, there might be a minimal loss. We are trying for a breakeven this year. If not, there will be a minimal loss of around Rs 2-4 crore and not like last year.
We have one product, which is going in and the value will be around 4 million with 1 million of margin. We expect that to finish within this fiscal year and that should get us breakeven.
Dishman Pharma stock price
On September 15, 2014, Dishman Pharmaceuticals & Chemicals closed at Rs 176.60, up Rs 6.25, or 3.67 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 179.10 and the 52-week low was Rs 44.30.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 10.94 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 16.14. The latest book value of the company is Rs 98.77 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.79.
RELATED NEWS

Govt to roll out Rs 2 lakh cr infra projs this yr: GadkariSep 12, 2014, 03.23 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt to roll out Rs 2 lakh cr infra projs this yr: Gadkari
There is no dearth of money to fund the projects and the Ministry if need be can garner more funds through securitisation of toll revenue which amounted to about Rs 1.8 lakh crore in 15 years besides raising funds through infrastructure bonds worth Rs 10,000 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt to roll out Rs 2 lakh cr infra projs this yr: Gadkari
There is no dearth of money to fund the projects and the Ministry if need be can garner more funds through securitisation of toll revenue which amounted to about Rs 1.8 lakh crore in 15 years besides raising funds through infrastructure bonds worth Rs 10,000 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
After launching highway projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore that were stuck on account of various regulatory hurdles, the government is all set to roll out Rs 2 lakh crore worth of infrastructure projects this year, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadari said today.
"We have cleared bottlenecks. It is easy to construct express highways but difficult to get environment clearance. However, we are removing hurdles. We have cleared projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore. Now this year we will launch projects worth Rs 2 lakh crore," Gadkari said addressing the annual convention of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers here.
Gadkari said his Ministry was also looking to build two lakh Km of roads under public-private-partnership (PPP) mode which includes widening of existing one lakh km of highways.
"We are fast-tracking the decision making and weeding out corruption and red-tapism from government functioning besides introducing innovation," he said.
There is no dearth of money to fund the projects and the Ministry if need be can garner more funds through securitisation of toll revenue which amounted to about Rs 1.8 lakh crore in 15 years besides raising funds through infrastructure bonds worth Rs 10,000 crore.
A number of steps, he said, has been initiated to bring in wide reforms in the highways sector including launch of 350 electronic toll plazas by December and building amenities for drivers and commuters on every 50 km stretch for which bids have already been floated for consultancy and design of 270 such facilities.
He said the draft for the new Motor Vehicles legislation expected to be passed in the upcoming Winter Session will be launched on Website by tomorrow seeking suggestions from stakeholders.
"The present Motor Vehicles Act has turned obsolete and the new draft has been prepared incorporating the best practises in six advanced nations - US, Japan, Germany, UK, Singapore and Australia," he said.
He also appealed to SIAM on the need for introducing ethanol-friendly engines to cut on the huge Rs 6 lakh crore annual bills on import of crude in the country to which SIAM leaders expressed concern and said "there was not enough ethanol available at present."
Gadkari said government was also focusing on boosting waterways for transportation of cargo and planned introducing sea-planes, airport-like terminals on Ganga besides shipment of cargo through waterway which was much cost-friendly.
Also, a new policy for shipbuilding was on the anvil besides promotion of cruise shipping including that of the Kochi to Andaman & Nicobar islands.
RELATED NEWS

Rai s claims on 2G: Chacko defends Manmohan as pressure piles up on Cong2G scam
('Former PM was not involved…)
NEW DELHI: Defending Manmohan Singh, Congress leader PC Chacko on Friday said, "Former PM was not involved in sale of spectrum. Vinod Rai is only misguiding people." "It is not proved on record that the PM knew about A Raja's plans," Chacko said.
In an interview to Times Now, former CAG Vinod Rai has said that records indicated that the then telecom minister A Raja had kept prime minister Manmohan Singh in the loop on the course of action he planned to pursue in allocating 2G spectrum and that the PM's reluctance to chart a different course could be construed as "dereliction of duty".
Attacking Rai's claim, Chacko said, "A Raja did some gadbad in the 2G spectrum allocation. There were irregularities for which A Raja was in jail. PM didn't protect Raja." "UPA government followed policy which previous NDA government used," Chacko added.
Rai also told Time Now that he was approached by three Congress MPs - former Law minister Ashwani Kumar who had to resign for allegedly pressuring the CBI to dilute PMO's role in the Coalgate scam, Sanjay Nirupam and Sandeep Dikshit - to drop the name of the Prime Minister from the CAG report on 2G spectrum allocation.
Commenting on this, Chacko said, "There was no occasion for Vinod Rai to name PM." "If MPs approached him to drop PM's name, why will he succumb to such pressure?" asked Chacko. "Former CAG is just giving his view and it stands no test to the facts," Chacko added.
Adding political fire to former CAG's claims in the 2G case, Kamal Nath affirmed Rai's statement that the Congress leader had cautioned Dr Manmohan Singh against 2G allocations.
"I wrote to the Prime Minister and I spoke to him. I wrote to him saying that there are certain matters of concern and that a committee should be appointed. I do not remember exactly what I wrote, but I did write to him," Nath told Times Now.
PC Chacko also hit out at Kamal Nath saying, "Kamal Nath can't question a policy through a letter." Chacko was the chairman of the JPC report on 2G scam.
Startling allegations from the former CAG in the 2G scam have stirred a political fight, with Congress leaders threatening to take Vinod Rai to court.
Congress' Sanjay Nirupam said, "Vinod Rai should retract from statement, else I will drag him to court." Rejecting the charge, Nirupam said, "Rai has told an outright lie. I never talked to him. I challenge his memory and want to remind him that I never met him."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Futures flat before data; indexes set for lower weekWall St. flat, but energy shares lower
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Reuters
Financial Markets
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened little changed on Monday as traders gauged the effect of tumbling crude oil prices, with the energy sector falling but bullish outlooks for retail and other consumer stocks.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 6.29 points, or 0.04 percent, to 16,993.8, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 0.26 points, or 0.01 percent, to 1,985.28 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 0.84 points, or 0.02 percent, to 4,566.76.

Jewellery and cash worth over Rs 2 cr lootedJewellery and cash worth over Rs 2 cr looted
Poland resumes gas supplies to UkrainePoland resumes gas supplies to Ukraine
Snowman Logistics can do well with a long term perspective: Neeraj DeewanSnowman Logistics can do well with a long term perspective: Neeraj Deewan
Vodafone to open 1 150 stores in India in 12 monthsVodafone to open 1,150 stores in India in 12 months
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Sept 12:  
Vodafone on Friday said it would open 150 stores and 1,000 mini-stores across India by March 2015 to market its services.
Kavita Nair, Senior Vice-President, Retail and Digital, Vodafone India, said here the company’s 1,000th retail outlet was launched with the unveiling of a Global Design Store in Ahmedabad on Friday.
Vodafone now has outlets in three formats and, as the largest telecom network in Gujarat, has 1.78 crore customers in the State. It covers 94 per cent of the population in Gujarat and has a 37.64 per cent market share in revenues.
Six angel stores of Vodafone in Gujarat are wholly operated by women, said Brajesh Bajpai, Business Head, Gujarat.
Vodafone owns 9,000 retail touch-points across India, including 1,000 in Gujarat.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Infibeam ties up with Saudi company to offer e-com solutions  servicesInfibeam ties up with Saudi company to offer e-com solutions, services
Virendra Pandit
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Sept 12:  
Saudi Arabia-based Thrive, a leading technology consultant company, on Friday announced a collaboration with Indian e-commerce technology company Infibeam to offer e-commerce platform services to SMEs and enterprises in the desert kingdom and the UAE.
The partnership will help Thrive and Infibeam leverage each other’s strengths to explore market opportunities and address the digital need for online commerce of retail brands in the region.
West Asia is an emerging e-commerce market and this partnership aims to offer an integrated e-commerce technology platform, which will help merchants transform their business capability online.
Thrive, with network capabilities of more than 20 years, will be able to market on Infibeam’s e-commerce technology platform with a better understanding of retailers’ needs in West Asia. With Infibeam’s platform solutions, Thrive will be able to address various industry e-commerce requirements, including digital marketing, analytics and marketing and distribution channels.
Ali Behzaad, Chief Executive Officer, Thrive, said Saudi Arabia offers a tremendous market opportunity in the digital space. Its enterprises were keen on technology convergence to advance their long-term goals. “With Infibeam we have a strong technology partner that delivers scalable and robust platforms across a spectrum of industries.”
Manu Midha, Vice-President, Strategy and Planning, Infibeam, said Saudi Arabia is seen as a large and growing market for e-commerce, both products and services.
Thrive SA is a market-oriented, multi-disciplinary company that provides solutions across a spectrum of businesses with a focus on the digital space. It operates in India, the UAE and Saudi Arabia. It is Infibeam’s channel partner and Build-a-Bazaar in Saudi Arabia, and offers e-commerce solutions for SMEs and enterprises alike.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Narendra Ambwani elected ASCI ChairmanNarendra Ambwani elected ASCI Chairman
Alka Kshirsagar
Tweet
Pune, Sept 12:  
Narendra Ambwani, Director, Agro Tech Foods Ltd, has been elected as Chairman of the Advertising Standards Council of India (ASCI).
He has been a member of the board of governors for seven years and provided active support to self-regulation in the advertising market.
Benoy Roy Chawdhuri was elected as Vice-Chairman, while Shashidhar Sinha was appointed Honorary Treasurer.
During 2013-14, the Consumer Complaints Council (CCC) met 41 times and considered complaints against 1,937 advertisements.
Of these, complaints against 1,520 advertisements were upheld, while 414 were not upheld and three were considered non-issues. In over 90 per cent of cases, where a complaint against the advertisement was upheld, the advertisements have been voluntarily withdrawn or modified as per the CCC’s decisions, a statement said.
Partha Rakshit, the outgoing Chairman of ASCI, said, “Last year has been a very eventful and successful year for us. ASCI’s effective action towards reducing the complaint processing turnaround time to just 12 days has led ASCI to win the EASA Gold Award for Best Practices. In a noteworthy achievement, ASCI issued guidelines on skin lightening & fairness products which ensured that these advertisements do not depict people with dark skin as somehow inferior to those who are fairer. Also recently, the Government took notice of ASCI’s efforts to curb teleshopping ads that violate ASCI Code and ensured a strict compliance of the advertising code in the Cable Television Networks Act (CTN).”
Ambwani, the incoming Chairman said, “There has been tremendous change in ASCI’s approach towards advertising content and adherence to the ASCI’s guidelines by the advertisers. Earlier, we acted primarily on complaint received from the public or the industry body. In the coming year, we hope to promote ASCI’s guidelines more vigorously among advertisers and creative agencies, so that new ads meet ASCI’s standards at the creative stage itself. We also hope to collaborate strongly with the regulators and consumer groups to ensure fairness and responsibility in advertising.”
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

S&P BSE Midcap index crosses 10 000-mark after six yearsDeepak Korgaonkar |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 01:41 PM IST
S&P BSE Midcap index crosses 10,000-mark after six years
Symphony, PI Industries, Ajanta Pharma, TTK Presitage, Kajaria Ceramics and Astral Poly Technik rose over ten-fold during the period.
Shares of mid-sized companies continued their upward march with the Bombay Stock Exchange’s S&P BSE Midcap index crossing the 10,000 mark after a gap of more than six years. The S&P BSE Midcap index hit a high 10,019 during intra-day trade today.
The index had breached this mark for the first time ever on January 2, 2008 and is just 227 points shy of its record high of 10,246 touched in intra–day trade on January 8, 2008.
Out of 193 actively traded stocks from the midcap index, 80 stocks have more than doubled. However, 73 stocks are still trading below their 2008 level. There are total 238 companies in the mid-cap index, of which 45 got listed after January 2008.
“Though we cannot generalise this for the entire lot, but a lot of the mid – cap companies do have good prospects. Also consider the fact that mid – cap companies are still quoting at an attractive valuation as compared to some of the companies among the large-caps. So certainly there is headroom available,” said Deven Choksey, managing director and chief executive officer, K R Choksey Shares and Securities.
Among individual stocks, Symphony, PI Industries, Ajanta Pharma, TTK Presitage, Kajaria Ceramics, Astral Poly Technik, Page Industries, Kaveri Seed Company, Hatsun Agro Products, Vakrangee, Responsive Industries and Gruh Finance  have seen over ten–fold rise in their market value from January 2008 levels.
Stock strategy
 
Despite the run up, analysts recommend that investors should stay invested in this segment and there is more steam left in this rally. However, one needs to be selective, they suggest.
“Alembic Pharma, Bharat Forge, Dhanuka Agritech, Finolex Cables, Greaves Cotton, Indiabulls Housing Finance, JK Lakshmi Cement, Jyoti Structures, Kirloskar Oil Engines, LG Balakrishnan, Magma Fincorp, PTC India Financial Services and SREI Infrastructure Finance are some mid–cap stocks that have potential to double in two years,” points out Amar Ambani, head of research of India Infoline Group in a recent report.
Meanwhile, MMTC, Unitech, Suzlon Energy, Indiabulls Real Estate, Jaiprakash Power Ventures, Network18 Media and Investment, HDIL, TV18 Broadcast, Aban Offshore, Hindustan Copper, Jet Airways, Reliance Capital, Videocon Industries and GMR Infrastructure are among the notable stocks that are still available 75 – 96% below their 2008 price.
 

Chhattisgarh to give 10 000 solar lamps for J-K floodvictimsPrint
Flood triggered by heavy rain in Jammu and Kashmir has claimed over 200 lives so far and left thousands homeless.
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 5:04 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 5:06 pm
Chhattisgarh government will send 10,000 solar lamps, electric transformers and other equipments to help flood-affected people of Jammu and Kashmir.
“Today in the meeting of Chhattisgarh State Renewal Energy Development Agency, State government has decided to send 10,000 solar lamps for flood relief operations in J-K,” Chief Minister Raman Singh said.
CREDA has been constituted under the Department of Energy, Chhattisgarh to implement various schemes pertaining to renewable energy sources and energy conservation activities.
The government has also decided to send electric transformers and other electrical equipments, he said in his tweets. “I urge all to come forward for helping flood affected in J-K,” Singh said. The chief minister has also decided to send rice worth Rs five crore for the flood affected people from the state, known for high production of the crop. He has also given Rs five crore towards Chief Minister Relief Fund to help the calamity-hit people.
Singh also announced to donate his one-day salary to the relief fund and appealed all govt officers and employees to donate their one day salary to J-K relief fund.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had on Monday announced Rs five crore assistance to the flood affected people of Jammu and Kashmir.
“I appeal to all citizens of MP to come forward and contribute to the relief effort in J-K. As countrymen we shall stand firmly together,” Chouhan had said on twitter.
Flood triggered by heavy rain in Jammu and Kashmir has claimed over 200 lives so far and left thousands homeless. The flood has also caused extensive damage to road, rail and telecommunication infrastructure in the state.

LIC Housing Finance targets Rs 33k-cr biz in...Financial Year
(Noting that there has been…)
CHENNAI: LIC Housing Finance has set a target of generating total business of Rs 33,000 crore in the current financial year , up by 22 per cent over the same period last year, a top official said today.
"Our business growth compared to last year has been quite healthy. We are expecting target business of Rs 33,000 crore during the current financial year," LIC Housing Finance Ltd., Managing Director and CEO Sunita Sharma told reporters after inaugurating the 17th edition of annual expo on housing finance -- 'Ungal Illam (Your House)' here.
In the last fiscal, total business volume stood at Rs 27,000 crore, while the loan portfolio grew by 18 per cent, she said.
Noting that there has been a "pick up" in the real estate financing in 2014-15, she said the target growth of loan portfolio was 20 per cent.
Attributing major growth of business to the individual segment, she said her company would focus on Loan Against Property ( LAP ) generating more business. "LAP Share is four per cent. We have targeted five per cent this year," she said.
Ninety-five per cent of business was contributed from the affordable housing segment, while 85 per cent of customers contribute the middle income group, she said.
On the three-day exhibition inaugurated by her, she said over 90 builders with more than 300 projects are on display.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India seeks resolute global action against t...You are here: Home > Collections > Swaraj
India seeks resolute global action against terror
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 04.56PM IST
("In this context, we are…)
DUSHANBE (TAJIKISTAN): India today sought resolute and comprehensive global action against terror infrastructure, saying the challenge must be taken seriously as different "theatres" are getting interconnected through terror networks as well as globalisation of the "supply chain of ideology".
In her address at the annual summit of the Shanghai Corporation Organisation (SCO), External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj said India has long been a victim of terrorism and called upon member countries of the powerful grouping to join hands to combat the menace.
"We are acutely aware of the threat that its perpetrators pose to our people, as also to our common region. We are seeing different theaters getting interconnected through terror networks and a globalisation of the supply chain of ideology, radicalisation, recruitment, training and financing of terrorism," she said.
Russian President Vladimir Putin, Chinese President Xi Jinping, Afghan President Hamid Karzai, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani were among a host of heads of states who participated in the summit that laid heavy focus on regional security ahead of the planned drawdown of foreign forces in Afghanistan by end of the year.
Swaraj said "a resolute and more comprehensive response" was required from the international community and India was of the firm view that only multilateral efforts and integrated actions can help effectively counter these negative forces including the related evils of drug trafficking and small arms proliferation.
"In this context, we are keen to deepen our security- related cooperation with the SCO in general and with the Regional Counter Terrorism Structure, in particular," Swaraj said.
The summit of the SCO, a China-dominated security grouping, has also decided to set the ball rolling to grant India, Pakistan and Iran membership of the bloc as it seeks to expand reach in combating challenges of terrorism.
Delving on situation in Afghanistan, she said India was concerned about the security challenges which may emanate from the developing situation in the trouble-torn country.
"India strongly believes that Afghanistan can successfully complete the security, political and economic transitions and regain its historical place as a hub for regional trade and transit routes," the Minister said.
"However, at this time of delicate transition, the international community must stand united to support Afghanistan to preserve the progress it has made in the last decade against terrorism and related threats to its national well-being," she said.
Swaraj's comments on the need of global action to combat terrorism came a day after she met Tajik President and host of the SCO Summit Emomali Rahmon during which the two sides discussed counter terrorism and mentioned that they have a common enemy in Islamic fundamentalism.
FEATURED ARTICLES

If retail sales ring up gains  so can stocksIf retail sales ring up gains, so can stocks
By: Adam Shell September 12, 2014 7:46 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Sept. 2, 2014. (Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 510385307 ORIG FILE ID: 454498262
If retailers ring up bigger-than-expected August sales gains, it could propel the stock market back up to the high end of its recent trading range, giving it a shot at breaking out to new highs and beyond 2000 for the S&P 500, a Wall Street strategist says.
After a flat reading in July, Wall Street is forecasting retail sales to jump 0.6% in August from the prior month, with sales expected to be up just 0.3% if you back out auto sales, which hit an eight-year high last month. The report is released at 8:30 a.m. ET today.
That’s more than doable, says JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade.
“Retail sales could come in better than expected,” he says.
(BREAKING NEWS: August retail sales were up 0.6% vs. last month, in line with market expectations. Ex-autos, sales were up 0.3%, also inline with forecasts. On a bullish note, the July retails sales reading was revised up to plus 0.3%, from a flat reading. Despite the better-than-expected retails sales numbers, the S&P 500 stock index was down 1.5 points in pre-market futures trading.)
Kinahan’s optimism is derived by the robust vehicle sales, as well as signs that better jobs, what he dubs “career jobs,” in sectors such as health care and construction, are being created despite a less-than-stellar August employment report.
“In the near term, retail sales are by far the most important thing for market participants to watch,” says Kinahan.
While a retail sales “beat” may not be the catalyst that triggers an upside breakout for the Standard & Poor’s 500 index beyond its recent 1900 to 2010 trading range, it could be enough to push the market back up near its record. It also puts the stock index in position to break out next week if Wall Street gets an investor-friendly message on interest rates from the Federal Reserve. “We need to break (free) and above the 2000 level,” Kinahan says. Thursday’s S&P close: 1997.45.

CIA: Islamic State group has up to 31 500 fightersCIA: Islamic State group has up to 31 500 fighters
Oscar Pistorius due back in court for culpable homicide rulingOscar Pistorius due back in court for culpable homicide ruling
We expect auto components sector to grow 5-6% in FY15: Harish LakshmanSanjeeb Mukherjee |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 05:05 PM IST
We expect auto components sector to grow 5-6% in FY15: Harish Lakshman
Through the past two years, automobile and auto component manufacturers have battled slow sales, undertaking a series of cost-cutting measures
Through the past two years, automobile and auto component manufacturers have battled slow sales, undertaking a series of cost-cutting measures.
Even as sales in the domestic market have started improving through the last three months, outgoing ACMA President Harish Lakshman tells Sharmistha Mukherjee stakeholders in the sector are focusing more on global markets to offset business risks. Edited excerpts:
Automobile sales have seen an uptick through the past few months. What is the outlook for the auto component manufacturers?
The sentiment has definitely improved through the past three months. Two-wheelers continue to show positive growth, a very good sign. As far as passenger vehicles are concerned, sales have started picking up after a gap of two years. But only certain manufacturers are seeing a rise; the recovery isn’t across the board.
In the commercial vehicles segment, a revival is expected in the third quarter. This financial year, there will be moderate growth in sales, but FY16 should be very good for the automobile and ancillary sectors.
Given the optimism, what are your projections for the auto components sector?
Last financial year, the turnover of the auto components sector declined two% to $35 billion. In FY15, we expect the sector to grow five-six%. That said, we hope our turnover will increase threefold to touch the $110-billion mark by 2020.
Through the past two years, auto component makers have been focusing more on exports to offset the slowdown in India. How have component exports fared?
The US market has stabilised. Europe, too, has seen some improvement. We have been able to penetrate new markets in South America and Africa. The exchange rate has been favourable.
If the rupee stays at the 58/dollar mark, Indian auto component manufacturers can compete effectively with China and Korea.
Last financial year, our exports grew about six% to $10.2 billion. Today, exports account for 29% of our component production. By 2020, we expect revenue from exports to grow fourfold to about $40 billion.
Europe and the US will continue to be our largest markets, but growth will be faster in emerging geographies-- the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, Latin America and North Africa. This financial year, we expect exports to increase 9-10%. One of the automobile sector’s concerns is the fact that while exports have increased, component imports have grown at a faster pace.
Through the past two years, the gap between component exports and imports has narrowed. While exports increased to $10.2 billion from $9.7 billion in FY13, imports declined 6.3% -- from $13.7 billion to $12.8 billion. With the Indian automobile market expanding, all manufacturers have focused on increasing localisation.
What kind of investment is being made to increase localisation?
The level of investment research & development (R&D) capability has been a concern. Traditionally, Indian component manufacturers do not spend significant amounts on R&D. In Europe, four-five% of net sales are ploughed back into R&D; in India, this stands at less than 1%.
As an industry body, we have been encouraging manufacturers to invest in R&D; else, we will lose in the long term. We have been working to increase awareness about this. Also, we have requested the government for an interest subvention scheme to encourage investment in this area.
What is the capital expenditure the component sector is set to see?
On an average, we see capital expenditure of about $1.5 billion a year. Last year, it was about $800 million. This year, it will be comparatively higher, but usual levels won’t be touched before FY16. On an average, capacity utilisation across the chain is about 75%. It will take about a year or two to fill the capacity available.
What were ACMA’s major focus areas last financial year?
The sector has gone through difficult times. It was a challenge keeping motivation levels high. Through last year, we engaged more with the membership. We also visited automobile clusters in Ahmedabad, Coimbatore, Jamshedpur, etc, to give them confidence.
At a sector level, we increased the number of training programmes for employees. We undertook a number of trips to the US, Dubai, Indonesia, China, etc, to gauge and tap into opportunities available globally.
We have been engaging with the government to help evolve favourable trade and tax policies. As a sector, we have also examined and worked on opportunities to diversify into other sectors where synergies exist, such as aerospace, defence and railways, to offset business risks.
 Advertisements

Automotive Mission Plan  16 targets to be mi...You are here: Home > Collections
Automotive Mission Plan 2016 targets to be missed by up to 25%
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 05.28PM IST
Tags:
AMP
(The economic slowdown in…)
NEW DELHI: The economic slowdown in the last three years that resulted in a demand slump will force the Indian auto industry to miss by up to 25 per cent of the targets set in ambitious Automotive Mission Plan (AMP) 2016.
The auto industry had set an ambitious target under the AMP 2006-2016 to take its annual turnover to $145 billion with special emphasis on export of small cars, MUVs, two and three wheelers and auto components.
"Based on the expected growth rate for the remaining period of AMP 2016, the overall performance of the industry will be short of the targets by around 20 to 25 per cent," according to the review of AMP 2006-2016.
The review was conducted by ACMA and SIAM's independent knowledge partner ICRA Management Consulting Services ( IMaCS ).
Explaining the reasons for falling short of targets, it said: "The sluggish macro-economic factors during the last three years have led to a significant slowdown, which is amongst the worst that the India automotive industry has witnessed."
This has impacted the pace and growth resulting in under-achievement of some of the targets envisaged in AMP 2016, while a few more are on course to be achieved by end of 2016.
"However, this shortfall can be reduced to around 13 to 17 per cent if the government supports demand through a few interventions," it added.
The review called for continuation of current excise duty rates for cars, two-wheelers, commercial vehicles and lowering of excise duty on key components. It also highlighted the importance of fleet modernisation scheme, quick roll out of next phase of JNNURM , ban of overloading and strict enforcement of the same, to help achieve the AMP 2016 target.
The review further said the government must also facilitate affordable vehicle finance and provide support for exports of automobiles through dedicated promotion schemes.
As per the AMP 2006-2016 announced in 2006, a goal was set for India to become the "destination of choice in the world for the design and manufacture of automobiles and auto components with output reaching a level of YSD145 billion accounting for more than 10 per cent of GDP and providing additional employment to 25 million people by 2016".
The review said already the government has already started working on the next phase of AMP 2016-26 so as to address the unfinished agenda and new target initiatives keeping in mind the current expected market dynamics.
"While the last decade was predominantly driven by domestic demand, going forward industry geared up to meet both domestic and global demand," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IOC plans to automate 7 500 retail outlets i...B Ashok
(Union Minister of State…)
BHUBANESWAR: State-run Indian Oil Corporation plans to automate 7,500 outlets by 2014-15, its chairman B Ashok said today.
Union Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas Dharmendra Pradhan today inaugurated the automation facility simultaneously at all Indian Oil retail outlets here by remote control.
"Indian Oil, which has automated more than 6,200 retail outlets till August, 2014, also plans to automate 7,500 outlets by 2014-15 fiscal and more than 10,000 retail outlets by 2015-16," IOC chairman said.
In Odisha , Indian Oil has automated 192 retail outlets and has planned to increase it to a total of 230 outlets in the financial year 2014-15, he said.
Stating that the concept of 100 per cent City Retail Outlet Automation is a key initiative launched by Indian Oil, Ashok said in the current financial year, the company plans to automate more than 20 cities in the country.
Today's automation has made the Odisha's state capital first fully automated retail outlet city in Eastern India.
"The automation will dispel the doubts in the minds of the petroleum consumer and bring benefit to all. The best practices of customer care and services would be implemented in Odisha," Pradhan said addressing a gathering on this occasion at Nuagaon Chowk IOC retail outlet here.
Stating that profit is not the prime motive, but customer satisfaction is the need of the hour, Pradhan said automated system would help quick and effective customer grievance redressal due to availability of record for each transaction.
The Union Petroleum Minister announced that a toll free The Union Petroleum Minister announced that a toll free helpline in Odia language will be launched soon. Any consumer dissatisfied with the services of a retail outlet or any other petroleum outlet will be able to lodge his complaint in the Odia language based toll free helpline.
Pradhan also urged the consumers and general public to use facebook and twitter handle to communicate freely with the state-run oil utilities to vent their grievances.
Ashok said that the company has launched the initiative of automation of retail outlets to foster a lifetime relationship with their customers with a vision to maximize customer satisfaction and transparency in operations. The automation system will go a long way in bettering the service standards.
The concept of 100 per cent City Retail Outlet Automation is a key initiative launched by Indian Oil. In the current financial year, India Oil plans to automate more than 20 cities in the country, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

JSW may conclude Lucchini takeover in a monthJSW Steel may conclude takeover of Lucchini in a month
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 05.25PM IST
Tags:
JSW Steel
(Sajjan Jindal-owned JSW…)
KOLKATA: Sajjan Jindal-owned JSW Steel is in the final stages of negotiations to buy 'part' of bankrupt Italian steelmaker Lucchini.
"We are at an advanced stage of negotiations. We hope to close the deal in a month's time or so," JSW Senior VP (Global Sales), Sharad Mahendra said at 'Steel Round Table' organised by The Bengal Chamber here today.
Lucchini is also reported to have received a binding offer from JSW Steel for its core assets in Piombino and is considering the offer.
Mahendra said JSW is only keen to take over assets of one-million tonne steel rolling mill of the Italian company for steel processing and not the steel making facility.
The Piombino plant on the Tuscan coast includes a blast furnace, a steel mill, a coke plant, three re-rolling mills and facilities at the port.
According to foreign media reports, the leading labour union has expressed opposition to any 'piecemeal' sale.
Asked about investment in the takeover, Mahendra said, "There will be no major upfront investment. Most capital requirement would be for working capital."
He said the Italian government is keen on the transaction for sake of employment and value added products.
The deal will give JSW access to European steel market and export opportunity for semi processed steel to Europe.
"We want to export our Indian semi-steel products like billets for processing and selling in Italian and other European markets," Mahendra said.
Meanwhile, speaking about the iron-ore issue, Mahendra said supply constraints from domestic sources has forced JSW to import iron-ore from markets like Canada, South Africa and Brazil.
"We are already importing and total import of iron-ore would be 6-7 million tonne on an annual basis as things stand now," he said.
It was nil last year and most of the imports would be meant for 10 million tonne Karnataka plant, capacity of which would get ramped up to 12 million tonnes by December.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Siddharth Bhamre positive on PSU banksLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Siddharth Bhamre positive on PSU banks
Siddharth Bhamre of Angel Broking has a positive view on PSU banks.
Post your opinion here
02:30 pm
Siddharth Bhamre of Angel Broking told CNBC-TV18, "Seven to eight trading sessions before, there were two trading sessions when PSU banks did very well and people started talking about the stocks doing well. All of sudden there was a news about the Supreme Court ruling on the coal allocation and then people started talking about the exposure of PSU banks in metal companies and these stocks again started coming down."
"When the impact has come down again we are seeing PSU banks starting doing well. So, I would be very positive on PSU banks for next four to five trading sessions or probably for next week be it State Bank of India  (SBI), Punjab National Bank  (PNB) or some of the names like Union Bank of India , Bank of India , Oriental Bank of Commerce  and some of the smaller names which may not be in our preferred list but probably would do well like UCO Bank . So, that is where I would like to be long next week or initial part of the next week," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Quartz Daily BriefAmericas editionPistorius guilty verdict  Uber carpooling illegal  Scotland No leads  camel leSeptember 12, 2014
What to watch for today
More sanctions against Russia.  The US will join the EU in imposing  a new set of measures to punish Moscow  for its provocative actions in Ukraine. The US sanctions are expected to target Russia’s financial, energy, and defense industries, and the EU’s measures—previously approved, but now actually enacted—focus on curbing  Russian oil production and exploration .
Double data from the US. Retail sales could see a boost thanks to the  back-to-school shopping season , after falling flat in recent months. Consumer sentiment figures  could also climb .
Olive Garden’s earnings. Parent company Darden Restaurants will report first-quarter results  (paywall) before markets open in the US. Activist investor Starboard Value LP is pushing for a total overhaul of the company’s board.
A big solar flare hits Earth. Power grids and satellite transmissions may experience irregularities, but there will be an upside: the aurora borealis will expand . Residents of northern New England, Canada, and the Pacific Northwest should have a good view.
While you were sleeping
Oscar Pistorius was found guilty of culpable homicide. A judge ruled that the South African sprinter known as “Bladerunner”  killed his girlfriend accidentally, but acted negligently : “A reasonable person, with a similar disability, would have foreseen that the person behind the door would be killed, and the accused failed to take action to avoid this.”
Uber and Lyft’s carpooling scheme was ruled illegal in California. The state’s public utilities commission ruled that the start-ups can’t charge individuals for a shared ride under the complicated laws regulating car services . As Recode notes, the bitter rivals are known for acting first and dealing with regulations later .
Scotland swung back toward a “No” vote. A new YouGov poll showed supporters of maintaining the union  have regained a 52-48% lead .
Russia’s central bank left its benchmark interest rate untouched. The need to support the stagnant economy trumped pressure to stem rising inflation , which has been caused in part by Russia’s ban on Western food imports.
Hewlett-Packard bought into the cloud. The world’s second-largest seller of server computers will pay “less than $100 million” for California-based Eucalyptus Systems, according to Bloomberg .
A prisoner exchange in Ukraine. Government and rebel forces gave up  more than a dozen prisoners  each as part of a tenuous ceasefire agreement. Rocket fire was heard from Donetsk soon after the swap had ended, putting the truce in doubt.
Big donations for Ebola research. Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen committed $9 million to fight against the disease that’s ravaging West Africa. Earlier this week fellow co-founder Bill Gates  pledged $50 million to beat the disease.
Quartz obsession interlude
Leo Mirani on how the internet is getting too big for just one kind of Wi-Fi. “Wi-Fi has come a long way from its first tentative steps in the 1990s. Over the years, as new specifications have come along, the speed at which data can be transferred over the air has increased more than 1,000-fold. It now blankets universities, Starbucks coffee shops and, in some cases, entire cities. But it needs to evolve to as the Internet evolves.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
Banks should offer lottery tickets. “Prize-linked accounts” encourage the poor to save more .
Thursday nights could make or break TV. It’s the evening that advertisers will pay the most for , in order to drive weekend box office sales.
Obama’s plan for IS is a spectacular failure… His attempts to destroy the militant group will only make it stronger .
…So is China’s global mining strategy. Beijing’s  attempt to secure natural resources  (paywall) has had a measly 20% success rate.
The US should let Russia take over eastern Ukraine. It could learn from the pragmatic choices the British Empire made in the 19th century .
Surprising discoveries
Russian smugglers are evading Putin’s Western food ban. Introducing “ Parmigiano-Belorussiano ” cheese.
Grandmaster Flash seems to be dominating Facebook. It’s actually grandmas failing to comprehend auto-tag suggestions .
You can do just fine with half your neurons missing. A Chinese woman is  one of just nine known people  born without a cerebellum.
There’s a jetpack for runners. It’s designed to help soldiers run a four-minute mile .
For the camel who has everything: a form-fitting leotard. A company is developing the garment to help prized animals  race faster and stand taller .
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, Grandmaster Flash likes, and camel apparel designs to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:
Top News

Modi is bringing New Yorks Times Square to Mumbai  in the middle of a heritage zoneSorry Mumbai, no naked cowboy.Reuters/Darren Ornitz
SHARE
Devjyot Ghoshal @DevjyotGhoshal
September 12, 2014
Just weeks before prime minister Narendra Modi arrives in the United States, his government has given Mumbai, India’s commercial capital, an unlikely gift—New York’s Times Square.
India’s tourism minister Sripad Naik today announced plans to model Mumbai’s Kala Ghoda into a “hub of heritage and culture, mostly open air, the equivalent of Times Square, New York.” And the government seems quite serious about its intention to honestly replicate the American landmark.
So, it is planning to erect massive electronic billboards—perhaps not as big as those on Times Square—that will provide local building owners with additional income, and also entertain visitors.
But unlike skyscraper dominated midtown Manhattan, south Mumbai’s Kala Ghoda is an artsy cultural district, surrounded by museums, galleries and some of the city’s oldest cafes. It also hosts the acclaimed Kala Ghoda Art Festival every year. Visually, it’s all heritage and art deco buildings from the city’s colonial era.
Amid such a setting, the new blueprint proposes a well-lit 15-foot-high Indian flag made of unspecified “hard transparent materials” that’ll provide a glitzy backdrop for tourist photos, presumably similar to the ‘Stars and Stripes’ installation in Times Square, which also doubles up as an U.S. Army recruitment station.
There will also be wide steps—made of transparent plastic and steel—where visitors are expected to sit, while high-resolution video cameras photograph them and project the images on giant screens and a live stream on the Internet.
And of course, there will be costumed characters “preferably from the cinemas of India and cartoons by Indian cartoonists” who will strut around the square in Mumbai’s tropical humidity. They’ll be paid a salary, the tourism ministry explains, so tips will be voluntary.
For all this, the government will initially spend Rs 5 crore (about $800,000), with similar amounts promised for subsequent phases.
The tourism ministry said that the discussions to create this “cultural hub” were held last month between the ministry, Maharashtra’s tourism department and the Mumbai Traffic Police. It remains unclear whether local residents and organisations were consulted.
The Kala Ghoda Association, which undertakes architectural conservation and arranges the art festivals, said the government hadn’t sought its opinion. “We feel that it requires a lot of consideration,” the Association’s chairman Maneck Davar told Quartz. “You can’t deface heritage buildings with sign boards.”
In any case, diehard Times Square aficionados may well be disappointed. For all the government’s intent to replicate the original location, one quintessential feature is likely to be missing in Mumbai’s version— The Naked Cowboy .
Share this:
Top News

Ingersoll-Rand (India) to upgrade Naroda manufacturing facilityIngersoll-Rand (India) to upgrade Naroda manufacturing facility
Modi May Seek China s Help to Induct High-Speed Trains  Modernise StationsModi May Seek China s Help to Induct High-Speed Trains  Modernise Stations
India Topples China as World Leader in This AreaIndia Topples China as World Leader in This Area
Forbes & Company: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 12, 2014, 05.39 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Forbes & Company: Updates on outcome of AGM
Forbes & Company has submitted a copy of the proceedings of the 95th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 06, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Forbes & Company: Updates on outcome of AGM
Forbes & Company has submitted a copy of the proceedings of the 95th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 06, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Forbes & Company Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 95th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on August 06, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

UV Boards: Outcome of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 12, 2014, 05.39 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
UV Boards: Outcome of AGM (Clause 35A)
UV Boards has informed that the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 11, 2014, under Clause 35A
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
UV Boards: Outcome of AGM (Clause 35A)
UV Boards has informed that the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 11, 2014, under Clause 35A
Post your opinion here
 
UV Boards Ltd has informed BSE that the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 11, 2014, under Clause 35ASource : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Buy United Spirits; target of Rs 2950: ICICIdirectLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy United Spirits; target of Rs 2950: ICICIdirect
ICICIdirect.com is bullish on United Spirits and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 2950, in its research report dated September 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
ICICIdirect.com's report on  United Spirits
 
Net revenue for Q4FY14 stood at Rs 1943.3 crore, posting growth of ~4% YoY against Rs 1871.4 crore in Q4FY13. Volume for FY14 stood at 120.7 million cases vs. 123.7 million cases in FY13. Sales for the company’s Prestige & above segment grew 15% YoY to 33 million cases vs. 28.7 million cases in FY13
EBITDA for the quarter stood at Rs 116.6 crore registering de-growth of 46% YoY. The decline in EBITDA was on account of a contraction in the EBITDA margin by ~548 bps YoY to 6.1%
United Spirits (USL) reported a net loss of Rs 5380.1 crore in Q4FY14 vs. profit of Rs 56 crore in Q4FY13. The loss of ~Rs 4321.6 crore was due to discontinuing of operations of Whyte & Mackay along with provisions for doubtful debts/advances to the tune of Rs 1012.8 crore
"With Diageo at the helm, we believe USL will go through a significant transformation and shift from volume to value growth at a more rapid pace. Also, its strategy of premiumisation and de-leveraging of the balance sheet remains firmly in place. Consequently, we have segregated DCF into three phases to capture the transformation and subsequent accrued benefits of transition. We arrive at a fair price of Rs 2950 for USL and maintain BUY recommendation on the stock", says ICICIdirect.com research report.
For all recommendations, click here
 
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
 
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Ingersoll Rand to invest Rs 100-cr to modernise Naroda plantPress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 05:06 PM IST
Ingersoll Rand to invest Rs 100-cr to modernise Naroda plant
Industrial products and solutions provider Ingersoll Rand today said it will invest Rs 100 crore to upgrade its manufacturing facility in Naroda in Gujarat.
Industrial products and solutions provider Ingersoll Rand today said it will invest Rs 100 crore to upgrade its manufacturing facility in Naroda in Gujarat.
This investment will support production of complete range of compressors in reciprocating, rotary and centrifugal ranging from 0.75 to 4500 kW, a release issued here said.
"The strategic investment of Rs 100 crore in the facility reinforces our overall growth strategy in India that is focused on driving innovation, technology and product development and is a reflection of our long standing commitment to the country," Ingersoll Rand Chairman and President Venkatesh Valluri said.
Products and solutions manufactured at the Naroda plant will be distributed across both, domestic as well as global markets, the release said.
Technologies for air treatment, filtration solutions, storage solutions, energy saving control solutions, remote monitoring as well as energy saving modular solutions for compressed air that increases the overall efficiency of an entire manufacturing and operating system will be enhanced at this plant.
In addition to these, the facility will add new product lines with high level of innovation, it said.
"Over the past few years we have been strongly focused on innovation from emerging economies and India has been at the forefront of this initiative.
"As the country moves into a new era of economic realignment that will be focused on manufacturing, we are upgrading the facility by introducing new flexible production techniques, enhanced process efficiency methods and new technologies," he said.
The modernisation will not only increase the safety practices and allow the company to deliver very cost competitive products for India and global markets, but also enhance its customers' energy efficiency, productivity and operational efficiency, Valluri said.
Spread over 14 acres, the facility caters to markets such as industrial efficiency, transportation, food security, logistics, process, pharmaceutical, health care, cement, mining, defence and others.
The planned transformation will provide the manufacturing facility with several benefits, including reduction in energy and resource consumption, the release said.
 Advertisements

StartupWave for entrepreneurs in smaller citiesBS Reporter |  Pune Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 08:58 PM IST
StartupWave for entrepreneurs in smaller cities
Virtual incubation platform StartupWave has been adopted by close to 190 entrepreneurs
For entrepreneurs from smaller cities who complain of not getting  access to mentors and angel funding, there is good news. India’s first free-to-use virtual incubation platform StartupWave that was launched in April this year has been adopted by close to 190 entrepreneurs.
StartupWave is a virtual incubation platform that has been built as an infrastructure for the Indian start-up incubation eco-system, conceptualized by Intellecap in partnership with Government of UK’s Department for International Development in India and GIZ on behalf of the German Ministry of Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ).
Ipshita Sinha - Manager, Intellecap; currently developing the StartupWave platform said that the platform was in the making since early 2013, but the thought process had started in 2012. “We had conducted a survey in 2012 and found that the rejection rate of entrepreneurs was about 90 per cent and most of these came from tier II and III cities. We found that they do not get access to mentoring or access to funds and hence, felt that there was a need to fill in this gap,” she added.
The 190 entreprenueurs that have joined belong to cities like Jaipur, Bhubaneshwar, Ahmedabad among others. Intellecap also found that incubation process or incubators at present were concentrated in metros and Tier I cities. Also lot of startups find it difficult to travel long distance to connect with mentors during scale up times.
StartupWave is a virtual incubation platform that has been built as an infrastructure for the Indian start-up incubation eco-system. “This platform will give access to mentors online. Startups now just need to have internet connection. Of course they can always connect offline as well. Secondly, they can now access capacity building module online,” said Sinha. As a collaborative platform, it aims to “democratise incubation” and is a one-stop service, providing a blend of virtual and in-person support to take start-up enterprises from idea to investment stage. This platform is designed in consultation with and is being used by incubators, corporates, funds and start-ups.
Stefanie Bauer, Project Manager, Private Sector Development at Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH, who is a founding partner of this initiative said, “StartupWave has the potential to bring startup support providers on a common stage. We believe that we can help young entrepreneurs in a better way through collaboration in the eco-system and cooperation between incubators, investors, corporates and other support organisations.
StartupWave does not only make it easier for the entrepreneur to find the right support, it also helps incubators and investors to build a good pipeline for entrepreneurs.”
This platform is designed in consultation with, and is being used by, incubators, corporates, funds and start-ups. Though at present the focus is pre-incubation wherein entrepreneurs can connect via the platform and fine-tune their business plan before they are connected to mentors, Intellecap also plans to extend this to investment ready stage. The platform has 20 mentors and a network of 25 partner incubators, five of which are from low income states such as Jharkhand, Rajasthan etc.
According to Intellecap, India’s yearly job creation requirement over the next decade is predicted to be 10-15 million per year, which can be addressed by boosting Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs). While there has been a steady growth of such enterprises, over 21 per cent of them failed in early years due to roadblocks to scale.
Nisha Dutt, Executive Director at Intellecap says, "We believe incubation support needs to be more democratic, and available to anyone with a business idea regardless of whether they are in Delhi or Ranchi or Imphal. StartupWave is still in early stages of working towards this vision; but given that it is an online platform, we think we will be able to scale it rapidly."
 Advertisements

LIC Housing Finance targets Rs 33 000 crore business in 2014-15Press Trust of India |  Chennai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 04:40 PM IST
LIC Housing Finance targets Rs 33,000 crore business in 2014-15
LIC Housing Finance has set a target of generating total business of Rs 33,000 crore in the current financial year, up by 22 per cent over the same period last year, a top official said today.
LIC Housing Finance has set a target of generating total business of Rs 33,000 crore in the current financial year, up by 22% over the same period last year, a top official said today.
"Our business growth compared to last year has been quite healthy. We are expecting target business of Rs 33,000 crore during the current financial year," LIC Housing Finance Ltd., Managing Director and CEO Sunita Sharma told reporters after inaugurating the 17th edition of annual expo on housing finance -- 'Ungal Illam (Your House)' here.
In the last fiscal, total business volume stood at Rs 27,000 crore, while the loan portfolio grew by 18%, she said.
Noting that there has been a "pick up" in the real estate financing in 2014-15, she said the target growth of loan portfolio was 20%.
Attributing major growth of business to the individual segment, she said her company would focus on Loan Against Property (LAP) generating more business. "LAP Share is 4%. We have targeted 5% this year," she said.
Ninety-five percent of business was contributed from the affordable housing segment, while 85% of customers contribute the middle income group, she said.
 Advertisements

Portable PF A/c number likely this monthEPFO may launch portable PF A/c number this month
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 6, 2014  | 11:12 IST
Retirement fund manager EPFO' s ambitious project to provide portable universal PF account numbers (UAN) to its subscribers is likely to be launched this month.
The UAN project is likely to be launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. However, no date for the formal launch has been fixed as yet.
The Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) and the Labour Ministry are in touch with the Prime Minister's Office for the purpose, a senior official said.
EPFO completed seeding of 2.5 crore portable PF accounts with KYC details by August end, the official said , adding that the PF body is aiming to seed 1 crore UANs till September 15.
UAN will give the facility of collation of accounts, viewing of updated accounts as well as downloading the same and collation of pensionable service.
The universal number will be portable throughout the working career of members and can be used anywhere in India.
Thus, workers in organised sector would not need apply for transfer of PF account claim on changing jobs.
The body had issued 4.17 crore UANs in last week of July and had asked its field staff to complete the seeding of portable PF account number with KYCs like Aadhaar, bank account and PAN by September 15.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in his budget speech had said that UAN would be allotted to EPFO subscribers. The Labour Ministry had said that the seeding of KYCs to the UAN number would be completed by October 15.
Meanwhile, EPFO in a statement said that it has settled 53.94 lakh claims this fiscal till August end. Out of total claims, about 68 per cent were settled within 10 days.
It said that 4,700 firms used online facility for registration and got their PF codes online in the months of July and August.
Besides, now employers can deposit PF dues online through 56 banks other than State Bank of India. Earlier, firms were allowed to deposit PF contributions online through SBI only.
The Social Security agreement of EPFO with the Czech has been notified on September 1. This will enable workers to avoid double contribution towards social security schemes while on foreign assignments.

How Apple s iPhone Has Evolved Over the YearsPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Betting on a Royal Baby Name 500-to-1 odds on  Macbethcomment
EPA
Guessing what the newly announced royal baby's name or hair color might be isn't just a fun diversion. In Britain, it's a way to make money.
The Brits bet on everything. Soccer matches. The weather. And a popular fundraising game for schools and charities called "Ferret Bingo."
Last year, more than $24 million in bets were placed on baby George and the gamblers were quick to get in on the action with Will and Kate's latest scion.
“If there's one thing that baby George taught us it's that the British public love a punt on a Royal offspring and we're bracing ourselves for another baby betting bonanza,” British betmaker Paddy Power said in a statement. "Money is already pouring in by the ‘pram load’ and we expect this to be the biggest novelty betting market of the year."
For Derek Hornby, the inspiration to bet on the new royal baby came in a dream. But it wasn't his.
"Me daughter, she had a dream three months ago," said the 63-year-old flower deliverer from Wigan, about 20 miles west of Manchester.
"'I think there's going to be a royal baby," he recalled her saying.
Video: The prince opens up about the big news that his wife, the Duchess of Cambridge, is expecting their second child. NBC’s Kelly Cobiella reports.
After the official announcement Monday, he started to pay attention to another dream she'd been having. It was of the name, "Alice." So he went down to the local William Hill bookmaking office, past all the other "punters" betting on soccer matches, and placed a bet. 
The odds are currently 25-1 on "Alice." If his daughter is again right, he'll make back 50 pounds, about $80, on his original bet of 2 pounds, about $3.25.
PaddyPower
But others have different names in mind.
PaddyPower is offering 10-1 odds on "Elizabeth" being the new royal baby name. "Victoria" is another strong contender and Charles has 12-1 odds. Bookmakers also offer longshot markets for the sporting, as well as those who simply want a laugh. 
Currently "Macbeth" has 500-1 odds. It's slightly better chances for "Joffrey," a cheeky Game of Thrones reference, with 250-1 odds.
In America, laws regarding gambling have been reserved for the states and only Nevada has made it legal. 
"Americans used to do a lot more on things, like betting on presidential elections," said David Schwartz, director of the Center for Gaming Research at the University of Nevada in Las Vegas. Then a series of laws signed by President John F. Kennedy in 1961 designed to thwart racketeering made certain kinds of betting illegal. Nowadays betting is much more limited.
“There's always possibility of some kind of federal action; [Nevada bookies] always figure, ‘Let’s keep this as clean as possible’ and only allow betting on sporting events where no one knows the outcome," said Schwartz.
But bookmaking in all its forms is a legal and thriving business in Britain. Some of the largest bookmaking companies are listed on the stock exchanges, making a business out of taking bets on everything from sports games to when the world might end, and oh, yes, even "Ferret Bingo." In that game, a ferret is set loose inside a cage with seven numbered exits and you place bets on which tube the furry little guy will pop his head out of.
Hornby says he says he's not much of a betting man himself, having lost the few times he placed bets on soccer matches. But he's feeling good about the new royal baby. After placing the bet Monday, he went in again Tuesday, "just to charm it up," he said, and placed another.
Tags:

Apple iPhone 6  Watch and Wallet: All Your Questions AnsweredPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Tweet peek: the Chicago tech community responds to new Apple productsSee more galleries
Apple on Tuesday unveiled its new Apple Watch, along with the iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and Apple Pay system. Chicago's tech and startup communities responded on Twitter with a mix of comments ranging from jokes to excitement over the company's new offerings. Here's a sample. By Kenny Reiter, Blue Sky Reporter
This photo gallery is featured in these articles:

More to life than liveable citiesSeptember 10, 2014 3:10 pm
More to life than liveable cities
By Michael Skapinker
The rankings have their uses but more important is what people expect
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e3e2330c-3813-11e4-b69d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Reduce M&M on falling market share: KotakBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

To survive  the eurozone must embrace an all for one  one for all mindsetTo be fair to Mr Davies, the concept of "risk appetite" is still in a state of flux, esp. when it has more commonly been used in the investing and financial markets, rather than the more holistic area …
FT's latest comment and analysis news

PSU Banks may be ready for an upmove if market remains stable11 September 2014
Thursday
Choppy markets conditions are likely tomorrow, when large cap as well as mid caps may remain without much direction
Bank Nifty has seen a false breakout today. Prices remained below the resistance zone near 16200 – 16220. PSU Banks are outperforming the banking sector. Correction continues in CNX IT. A possible trading range is now visible in IT Index.
We have ZINC in METAL SECTION. Trend is sideways as prices are trading inside a range. Wait for a clear direction in this instrument. We have FMCG in Sector Focus. Prices are consolidating and at the verge of breakout. We may get a buying in outperforming FMCG Stocks. Stock in focus includes ASIANPAINTS, BANKBARODA, HINDPETRO and JUBLFOOD. For each of these stocks, we analyses their technical picture; identify trades with stop loss and targets. At the end we will discuss USD INR in Currency Tracker.
You are not a registered subscriber of Game Changers. To read the full report  
We believe that market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis
and it provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or
experienced, to make money. The trick is timely and reliable guidance. All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
Our Vision
To be able to identify and share concrete and consistent trading & investing opportunities in Financial Markets based on Solid Research & Reliable self-developed systems.
Our Belief
Market moves can be predicted with the use of Technical Analysis.
Market provides opportunities for the technical trader & investor, new or experienced, to make money.
The trick is timely and reliable guidance.All this combines to form our Daily Newsletter.
The newsletter contains the market wisdom of Sudarshan Sukhani, India’s renowned and admired technical analyst.
It includes detailed stock, market analysis & recommendations.
We rely exclusively on Technical Analysis for our actual trading decisions.
Our Backbone: Charting software
It is critical to have the right charting software to take the right trades. We use the ‘Trend Analyzer’, a professional charting and analysis software that comes with state-of-the-art tools. It helps determine:
Trend, Momentum, Buy, Sell, Stop loss, Target points for stocks, futures, commodities, and NSE Currency trading.
Recognize consistent opportunities in:
Equities, Futures, Options, Metals, Currencies
“The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.”
-Khalil Gibran
Chairman and Managing Director
s2analytics.com
Sudarshan Sukhani is one of India’s best known technical analysts. He is a Certified Financial Technician, a recognition given by the International Federation of Technical Analysts, USA and is also the President of The Association of Technical Analysts (ATA) of India.
He is a constant presence as a  market analyst  on moneycontrol.com, CNBC-TV18 and other prominent platforms . He is a qualified chartist and has conducted over fifty seminars on technical analysis. He is also the author of “Trading the Markets”, a top-selling book on actionable stock trading ideas.   A full time stock trader since 1993, Mr Sukhani’s research includes hundreds of books,courses& trading methods. In 1996, he was one of the first users of automated technical analysis in India, and continues to follow the path of systematic trading.
To get access to mailers on a real time basis on you mobile, log on to http://m.moneycontrol.com/gamechangers/
If you are not 100% satisfied with Sudarshan Sukhani, simply notify us within 7 days and the full subscription amount will be refunded. Even later if you change your mind, you will receive a pro-rated refund  for the remainder of your subscription term.
Mailer tariff

India Inc invests $1.25 bn overseas in August  down 49%India Inc invests $1.25 bn overseas in August, down 49%
PTI  Mumbai, September 11, 2014
First Published: 20:26 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:30 IST(11/9/2014)
Comments
Overseas direct investments by Indian firms declined 49% year-on-year to USD 1.25 billion in last month, as per RBI data. Investments abroad had amounted to USD 2.47 billion in August 2013.
As for month-on-month, in July this year the Indian companies had spent USD 1.12 billion in overseas markets.
The investments were a mix of issuance of guarantees (USD 742.80 million), loans (USD 303.48 million) and of equity (USD 207.39 million).
Reliance Industries, Whiteline Consultancy Services, IL&FS Transportation Networks, JSW Steel Ltd, Strides Acrolab Ltd, United Spirits, Manipal Health Enterprises, Cox&Kings.
Sunteck Realty Ltd and Bombay Dyeing were among the major investors who invested their money overseas in August.
Reliance Industries made an investment of USD 70 million in a wholly owned subsidiary (WOS) in the UAE, IL&FS Transportation Networks invested USD 68.69 million in its joint venture in Spain and Strides Acrolab invested a total of USD 63 million in two separate tranches in its wholly owned units in Cyprus and Singapore.
JSW Steel made an investment of USD 54 million in a joint venture (JV) in the US, Whiteline Consultancy USD 66.46 million in a JV in France and Manipal Health Enterprises made commitment of USD 33.12 million in a WOS in Singapore.
Among other major companies, Cox & Kings made a total investment of USD 39.95 million in four different WOS situated in Hong Kong, Singapore and the UK.
United Spirits invested USD 25.36 million in its WOS in British Virgin Islands, Sunteck Realty USD 24.75 million in its WOS in UAE and Bombay Dyeing made an investment of USD 13.86 million in a JV in Indonesia.

Apple Watch Has  Millions  of Versions  Designer SaysJony Ive, the Man Behind Apple Watch Design, Says Device Has ‘Millions’ of Versions
 
Follow on Twitter
Sep 9, 2014 8:06pm
The Apple Watch, which was unveiled today in Cupertino, California, has “millions” of different versions, Apple Senior Vice President of Design Jony Ive told ABC News’ David Muir in an exclusive interview.
“When you actually do the calculations, it’s millions and millions,” Ive said. “We’ve always tried to make products that people don’t begrudgingly use but want to use, and I think that the bar for that is very high when it’s something that you wear and it’s something that you’re going to wear all day, every day.”
RELATED: ABC News’ David Muir’s One-on-One with Tim Cook: ‘I Think Steve Jobs Is Smiling Right Now’
It was Ive’s voice that narrated the pre-recorded video demonstration for the smartwatch during today’s big unveiling at the Flint Center in Cupertino.
The watches, Ive said, come in three collections and a range of faces, which can differentiate between a touch and a press.
“The way that we treated this from a design point of view was that you had hardware and then software,” Ive said. “Our experience as customers, as users, is they’re the same. They’re one and the same. So in terms of this, we designed the user interface, gave people multiple choices.”
The watch is also customizable. Users can choose watch faces that include minute and second hands, digital time and more options for personalization. For people who don’t wish to wear a large device, Apple developed a smaller watch, 38 mm in height compared with the 42 mm option, with matching smaller straps.
“We worked extremely hard to make it an object that would, one, be desirable but to be personal because we don’t want to wear the same watch,” Ive said. “One of the reasons it takes us a long time [is] because, I think, people are very discerned. A lot of people don’t wear a watch, at the moment.”
(Marcio Jose Sanchez/AP Photo)
ABC News’ Alyssa Newcomb contributed to this report
Editor’s note: A previous version of this story incorrectly framed the meaning of Jony Ive’s quote to say that the Apple Watch went through “millions” of different versions before it was unveiled, when in fact, Ive was saying that the Apple Watch has “millions” of different looks and combinations.

Rep. John Dingell s Hilarious Hospital TweetsPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Angel Investing:  Back to Schoolreddit
By Carol Curley, Managing Director at Golden Seeds
As a parent, Septembers were always filled with the chores of "back to school" -- books to be purchased, sharp pencils, the search for that perfect lunchbox..... As an angel investor, September also puts me in a "back to school" frame of mind. At Golden Seeds , I have the privilege of overseeing The Knowledge Institute, which houses our Investor Training Series. Our fall sessions in New York begin in September when members are back from summer vacations. In preparation for our training sessions, I am constantly looking for new resources, books, etc. to continue to enhance or improve our training materials.
Although by no means an exhaustive list, here are some resources that I have found to be quite helpful:
Angel Resource Institute : The ARI provides great education programs through its Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation 's Power of Angel Investing series of seminars and workshops.
Angel Capital Association : The ACA is the professional and trade association supporting the success of angel investors. Check out their Webinar Series which covers topics from the Jobs Act to building a portfolio. In addition the ACA runs a series of events which provide great sources of information. Consider attending the upcoming Leadership Workshop in Ohio and the Annual Summit next Spring in San Diego .
Pipeline Fellowship : Pipeline is an angel investing bootcamp for women that works to increase diversity in the U.S. angel investing community and create capital for women social entrepreneurs
From my Bookshelf:
Newly released Angel Investing - The Gust Guide to Making Money & Having Fun Investing in Startups by David S. Rose , CEO of Gust and Founder of New York Angels . This is a great read from a true pioneer in the angel investing scene.
What Every Angel Investor Wants You to Know by Brian S. Cohen , Chairman of New York Angels, and John Kador. Written in the first person and filled with anecdotes, war stories and wisdom gained from Brian's many years of angel investing, this book is both a fun and insightful read.
Term Sheets and Valuations by Alex Wilmerding. A very helpful resource on the nuances of Term Sheets.
Early Exits by Basil Peters .  This is a very informative read on exits from the perspective of the angel investor.
In a recent post, I compared Angel Investing to Brain Fuel , as it provides the opportunity to be in a constant state of learning. Please add to the comment section below any resources that you have found to be helpful in the never-ending process of learning.
Follow Ellevate on Twitter: www.twitter.com/EllevateNtwk
More:

Common services centres fail to draw insurance firmsM Saraswathy |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 12:23 AM IST
Common services centres fail to draw insurance firms
Irda's licence to CSCs is valid for three years, after which it can be renewed for another three years
In 2013, the Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority (Irda) allowed insurance companies to use common services centres (CSCs) as a distribution network to sell life and general insurance policies in rural areas. However, a year down the line, this channel remains untapped, as insurers are yet to launch specific products to sell through this channel and there is a lack of trained personnel to sell these products.
“Insurance agents need to undergo specific training. The CSC channels have just begun operations and it is difficult to get personnel who are aware of insurance products. Hence, insurance companies are not in a rush to tie-up,” said the head of distribution of private life insurance firm.
CSCs, set up under the National e-Governance Plan, seek to facilitate a platform for government and private-sector organisations to take the benefits of information and communication tools to rural India.
On September 12, 2013, Irda gave e-Governance Services India Limited, a CSC, the licence to operate as an authorised intermediary to market specifically-approved insurance products and services.
According to Irda regulations, CSCs that want to sell insurance products should appoint rural authorised persons (RAPs), who have undergone 20 hours of theoretical training from a recognised institution and, subsequently, cleared an examination. This is because RAPs are supposed to assist customers in selecting policies according to their needs.
Irda’s licences to CSCs is valid for three years, after which these can be renewed for another three years.
Insurance companies wanting to sell through the CSC channel should file specific products, approved by Irda. According to the company executives, while basic general insurance products such as simple health plans and simple motor third-party plans can be offered through this channel, endowment and investment type products will be difficult to sell.
“While the regulator has made it clear there will be separate products for this channel, companies are still analysing with their actuaries which products would work for this market,” said the head of actuary at a mid-sized life insurance company.
“Though the regulator has encouraged us to take advantage of this new distribution channel, we are going slow on this channel. We are yet to formally tie-up,” said an official of a  state-owned insurance company.
Insurers are also concerned about anti-money laundering norms, as CSCs will largely deal with cash. “Before entering into any tie-ups, we need to be doubly sure of how the anti-money laundering practices are being standardised in the CSCs,” said the chief financial officer of a private general insurance company.
According to Irda’s guidelines, these products cannot have a sum assured exceeding Rs 2 lakh (except motor insurance), per life or risk.
The Centre plans to roll out about 100,000 CSCs across the country, with a focus on rural areas. The CSCs will offer web-enabled e-governance services in rural areas. These can offer application forms, certificates, and utility payments such as electricity, telephone, and water bills.
 Advertisements

This new washer is an energy-saving wonderA more affordable WaterWall dishwasher
7.6
It's about pushing the right buttons.
7.3
This Elite has trouble standing out.
6.8
Even a compact can be Elite
7.4
The newest superzoom from Olympus has its sight set on you.
9.4
Sony's flagship APS-C camera is best in class.
8.4
With great performance and a low price, Samsung's latest smart camera is a smart buy.
8.8
It's small, it's powerful, it's a new compact powerhouse.
9.4
A niche camera in a family of niche cameras
6.8
Samsung's Android-based camera experiment continues, but fundamental issues persist.
4.9
Fear of a Blue Planet
5.4
This is not the mid-range LG you're looking for.
7.8
Ahead of the curve in more ways than one
6.5
A 50-inch deal with an emphasis on simplicity
7.5
A winning combination of classic performance and cutting-edge features
3.4
Avoid this television at all costs, even very low costs.
8.7
What might've been a fantastic value tablet is undone by a fatal flaw.
9.3
Samsung's flagship tablet tries to fix what isn't broken.
9.8
The third time's the charm for Microsoft's Surface.
8.5
The newest bargain tablet from Amazon offers a lot under the hood.
8.6
Amazon falls short with the Kindle Fire HDX 7".
9.3
We dissect Samsung's best tablet yet.
5.3
Highly comfortable on-ears for listeners on the run
6.3
Noise cancellation, wireless, detailed audio—is there anything these Samsungs can't do?
6.6
Indestructible—and they don't sound half-bad, either
7.3
Grado's new SR80e open-backed headphones are an outstanding buy.
7.6
Loads of performance for a reasonable price
3.8
The belle of the bargain bin
9.5
Get ready to empty your wallet because this expensive Zenbook is worth every penny.
10.0
Can you get by with integrated graphics alone? If it's an Iris Pro, you can.
9.7
With juiced-up guts and a beautiful display, the MacBook Pro returns to the throne.
7.5
Redmond's latest hybrid takes aim at the MacBook Air—and lands a solid right hook.
4.9
A more affordable Yoga for a less flexible budget.
8.2

Crowdfunding Site Excludes Huge Group Of Womenreddit
A crowdfunding site touted as "Kickstarter for the rest of us" has decided that the rest of us doesn't include people who are pro-abortion rights.
GoFundMe, a site that allows people to solicit money online for personal causes like medical bills, house repairs and scholarship funds, is coming under fire after it censored fundraisers related to abortion. On Tuesday, the company issued an update to its guidelines saying it wouldn’t fund projects linked to “termination of life,” “weapons & violence,” “adult material” and other topics.
On GoFundMe's Facebook page , several people responded in outrage:
The company will now review projects to make sure that hosting a campaign is best for the GoFundMe “brand and community,” a spokeswoman wrote in an email statement. “GoFundMe makes no distinction and places no restrictions on a pro-life or pro-choice group’s ability to fundraise for rallies or protests,” she said.
But as Salon points out , the projects that come up when you type “abortion” into the site’s search bar include several pro-life campaigns and no pro-choice or abortion-related projects.
GoFundMe is a private San Diego-based company that bills itself as "the world's #1 personal fundraising website." Unlike rivals Kickstarter or Indiegogo, which startups and creative types use to raise money to fund businesses or projects, GoFundMe is focused on more personal needs. Some of the most popular projects currently on the site include a page asking for money to cover medical bills for a woman who was recently assaulted in her home and a page soliciting money to pay for a newlywed couple's new car after their old one was destroyed. The company makes money by collecting a 5 percent fee on each donation.
The company has 34 employees including its co-CEOs, according to its website, and claims to have helped users raise $440 million since it was founded in 2010. It declined to share revenue information.
The controversy over GoFundMe’s curating tactics started after the site pulled a campaign created by Bailey , a 23-year-old woman who posted a campaign in hopes of funding her abortion. As of Thursday,  Kickstarter and Indiegogo still featured pro-choice pages like “ The Abortion Diary Podcast Tour ” and “ ShareWithThree : A Website for Women and Partners to Share Their Abortion Experiences.”
Projects on Kickstarter under the search term "abortion":
Projects on Indiegogo under the search term "abortion":
As crowdfunding has gained popularity, sites like these have had to walk a fine line between offering a platform to the masses and curating (and sometimes censoring) content to ensure credibility. Typically, the sites rely on users to self-police and avoid funding campaigns that look questionable. GoFundMe noticeably let a fund for Darren Wilson , the police officer who killed Michael Brown, stay on its site, despite the controversy surrounding the shooting. Still, it’s not unprecedented for the companies to step in -- though in most cases it’s been over non-political issues.
Kickstarter apologized last year for not acting fast enough to pull a page asking for funding for a “seduction guide,” which featured material advocating violence against women. The site also pulled a campaign for Kobe beef jerky last year after determining it was a scam. The Washington Post reported that GoFundMe also took down a fundraiser for Raffaele Sollecito, who was convicted with Amanda Knox of murdering Meredith Kercher in 2007. The page had been up since 2013 and had raised more than $40,000.
Determining when to step in ends up “being a very difficult decision for these platforms,” said Ethan Mollick, a management professor at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business.
“There is this ongoing battle among the various crowdfunding sites about how much to curate and how much not to,” said Mollick, who researches crowdfunding. “There is probably some combination of curation or censoring that is optimal, and nobody knows quite what that is.”
One benefit of the more open platform is that it tends to be friendlier to women. Mollick co-authored a study last month which found that projects with female founders are more likely to reach their fundraising goals than projects with male founders. That’s the opposite of what happens in the non-virtual fundraising world, where much women are less likely to get funding from venture capitalists , banks and other traditional sources.
“The old ways of raising money are dominated by networks that are mostly male. And as a result, in order to get funding, there are a lot of ways that create issues for women,” Mollick said. “[Crowdfunding] allows people to be activists about supporting groups of people that they believe are underrepresented.”
More:

Crocs trying to monopolize marketplace  competitor saysCrocs trying to monopolize marketplace, competitor says
Crocs on display
Tom Van Dyke, Chicago Tribune
Colorful footwear on display at the Crocs store at 123 S. State Street in October 2008.
Colorful footwear on display at the Crocs store at 123 S. State Street in October 2008. (Tom Van Dyke, Chicago Tribune)
By Andrew Chung, Reuters
Patents, Copyrights and Trademarks Courts and the Judiciary CVS Health
(Reuters) - A family-owned, Nevada-based shoe company is taking on the giant shoe maker Crocs, accusing it of creating a monopoly by suing smaller competitors and putting them out of business.
In a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in federal court in Nevada, USA Dawgs said Crocs Incwas using "sham" patent lawsuits in order to "litigate its competition out of the market."
"Crocs has managed to put everybody out of business," said Brian Elliott, the Las Vegas company's in-house attorney. "We're the last one standing from their original round of lawsuits and it's been a struggle with the weight of a billion dollar company that keeps filing lawsuits against you."
Crocs is by far the biggest manufacturer of the springy-soled clogs, made from ethyl vinyl acetate, a plastic. Although profits have declined recently, it reached $1 billion in annual sales in 2011 and has cornered more than 90 percent of the market, according to the complaint.
A representatives for Crocs, which is based in Colorado, said the company does not comment on pending litigation.

Coal scam: What s the hurry in filing closure report against Kumar Mangalam Birla  court asks CBICoal scam: What's the hurry in filing closure report against Kumar Mangalam Birla, court asks CBI
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 12 2014, 13:10  IST
Sep 12 2014, 13:10  IST
 

EC order against Ashok Chavan set asideNew Delhi, September 12, 2014
Updated: September 12, 2014 13:32 IST
EC order against Ashok Chavan set aside
PTI
The Hindu Former Maharashtra Chief Minister Ashok Chavan
TOPICS
state politics
The Delhi High Court on Friday set aside the Election Commission’s (EC) order holding former Maharashtra Chief Minister Ashok Chavan guilty of filing incorrect expenses for the 2009 Assembly elections.
The EC in its July 13 order had also issued a show cause notice to Mr. Chavan seeking his response within 20 days on why he should not be disqualified for the same.
“Election Commission’s July 13, 2014, order is set aside,” Justice Suresh Kait said.
In its show cause notice, the poll panel had asked Mr. Chavan why he should not be disqualified for failing to give his true and correct expenses incurred in last Assembly polls.
But the High Court had on July 28 stayed the Commission’s show cause notice to Mr. Chavan.
Mr. Chavan had won the 2009 Assembly polls from Bhokar in Maharashtra’s Nanded Lok Sabha constituency.
Independent candidate Madhavrao Kinhalkar, who had filed the complaint against Mr. Chavan with the Commission, had submitted before the Supreme Court that “prima facie the High Court has not given reasons for staying the EC order”.
On July 24, Mr. Chavan had moved the High Court against EC’s July 13 order seeking that it be set aside to the extent that it holds that he had failed to lodge the poll expense account in the time and manner required under the law. He had also sought quashing of the show cause notice.

India needs more investments in human capital: ADBBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Hero MotoCorp to launch 3 new models early next yearSep 12, 2014, 04.27 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Hero MotoCorp to launch 3 new models early next year
When asked about the sales projections during the festive season, Munjal said: "I am bullish about the festival season. Sentiments have improved and the market will improve further. We expect to do better than the last year."
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hero MotoCorp to launch 3 new models early next year
When asked about the sales projections during the festive season, Munjal said: "I am bullish about the festival season. Sentiments have improved and the market will improve further. We expect to do better than the last year."
Post your opinion here
 
Country's largest two-wheeler maker  Hero MotoCorp plans to launch three new models including two new scooters early next year. Besides, it plans to begin the construction of its Gujarat plant soon and operationalise the facility by third quarter of next financial year.
"During the early part of next year we will start rolling out new scooters. Two new scooters and one motorcycle model are on the anvil right now," Hero MotoCorp Vice Chairman and Managing Director Pawan Munjal told reporters here on the sidelines of SIAM annual convention.
During the upcoming festive season the company plans to introduce 12 refreshed versions of the existing models, he added. "These 12 variants have improved features including engines. All of them would be introduced during the festive season."
When asked about the sales projections during the festive season, Munjal said: "I am bullish about the festival season. Sentiments have improved and the market will improve further. We expect to do better than the last year."
The company had sold 6 lakh units during the last year's festival season.
On the company's upcoming Gujarat plant, Munjal said: "We will start construction soon and will launch the facility in the third quarter of next fiscal."
The plant will have an installed capacity of 1.8 million units per annum. The company's current production capacity is 7.65 million units.
Commenting on the proposed plant in South India, Munjal said the company is yet to finalise the site for the facility. On whether the company is looking at hiking prices, he said: "There is pressure on pricing for sure so there will be
some price corrections off and on."
He however did not provide specific details.
Talking about its overseas plans, Munjal said: "We are seriously considering Argentina... Team is going there and doing due diligence. We are sure we will soon find a partner and start operations."
He added that the company will start operations in Brazil in 2016 and is currently working on ethanol powered engines for the market.
On launching products in the US market, Munjal said product homologation process is going on and the entry of the company in the country would happen in 2016 summer. It would set up distribution in the US but is still to finalise the branding part, he added.
Hero Motocorp stock price
On September 15, 2014, Hero Motocorp closed at Rs 2800.95, up Rs 44.05, or 1.60 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 2842.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 1907.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 106.33 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 26.34. The latest book value of the company is Rs 280.43 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 9.99.
RELATED NEWS

Coal scam: Supreme Court refuses to hear pleas of companiesCoal scam: Supreme Court refuses to hear pleas of companies
3% quota must for disabled in all govt jobs including IAS: SupremeCourtPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 5:44 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 9:59 pm
The Supreme Court on Friday ruled in favour of three per cent reservation for differently-abled candidates in civil services, not only at the stage of their appointments but also for departmental promotions.
Giving a level-playing field to more than four crore people with disabilities in India, the apex court held that the Centre, states and Union Territories were obligated to implement the rules of reservation for this class in the matters of appointment, selection, direct recruitment, deputation and also for promotions. It asked the Centre to show a big heart and give the differently-abled people their due in all central and state government jobs.
A bench led by Chief Justice of India R M Lodha reiterated its earlier verdict that the principle of not exceeding 50 per cent reservation would not be applicable while granting quota for differently-abled people.
The bench expressed its displeasure at the government seeking to adopt a hyper-technical approach, as its counsel pressed that three per cent reservation could be given only at the stage of appointment but not for promotion. The Persons With Disabilities Act provides for three per cent quota for the differently-abled people.
“Appointment will include promotion. You are frustrating the very reservation policy for the disabled — the class for which this beneficial piece of legislation was enacted, by arguing against it,” the bench, also comprising Justices Kurian Joseph and Rohinton F Nariman, told Additional Solicitor General Pinky Anand.
Anand sought to point out that the reservation at the stage of promotion may lead to huge resentment, especially among employees in Group A and Group B categories, since many beneficiaries may get ahead of their seniors.
She was placing an appeal against the Bombay High Court order, directing the government to implement three per cent reservation for the differently-abled in civil services recruitment, besides granting the benefit in the matter of promotion too. This order was issued on a PIL filed by the National Confederation for Development of Disabled, which was represented by senior advocate R S Suri and Arpit Bhargava in the apex court.
The bench, however, told the Additional Solicitor General that the objective of the reservation policy, as envisaged by Parliament, was unequivocal that the differently-abled people must get the benefits without technical impediments.
“Once Parliament prescribes for reservation in appointments, it will cover direct recruitment, promotion and even deputation. Our experience tells us that it is one legislation that has never been effectively implemented. In any case, it is a beneficial legislation and you should interpret in a manner so that they get the benefits,” said the bench.
At this, the Additional Solicitor General agreed with the bench and conceded not to press the appeal any further. The court then dismissed the appeal.
The three per cent reservation, as clarified by the apex court in its last year’s judgment, is to the extent of one per cent each for the blind, hearing and speech impaired, and persons suffering from locomotor disability or cerebral palsy.
The Supreme Court had in October last ruled in favour of a minimum three per continued…

Scientists capture the sound of anatomPress Trust of India | London | Posted: September 12, 2014 5:23 pm
For the first time, scientists have used sound to ‘talk’ to an artificial atom, demonstrating a curious phenomenon in quantum physics that sees sound waves take on the role of light.
The interaction between atoms and light is well known and has been studied extensively in the field of quantum optics.
However, to achieve the same kind of interaction with sound waves has been a more challenging undertaking.
The researchers at the Chalmers University of Technology in Sweden have now succeeded in making acoustic waves couple to an artificial atom.
“We have opened a new door into the quantum world by talking and listening to atoms,” said Per Delsing, head of the experimental research group.
“Our long term goal is to harness quantum physics so that we can benefit from its laws, for example in extremely fast computers. We do this by making electrical circuits which obey quantum laws, that we can control and study,” said Delsing.
An artificial atom is an example of such a quantum electrical circuit. Just like a regular atom, it can be charged up with energy which it subsequently emits in the form of a particle.
This is usually a particle of light, but the atom in the Chalmers experiment is instead designed to both emit and absorb energy in the form of sound.
“According to the theory, the sound from the atom is divided into quantum particles,” said Martin Gustafsson, the research article’s first author.
“Such a particle is the weakest sound that can be detected,” said Gustafsson.
Since sound moves much slower than light, the acoustic atom opens entire new possibilities for taking control over quantum phenomena.
“Due to the slow speed of sound, we will have time to control the quantum particles while they travel. This is difficult to achieve with light, which moves 100,000 times more quickly,” said Gustafsson.
The low speed of sound also implies that it has a short wavelength compared to light. An atom that interacts with light waves is always much smaller than the wavelength.
However, compared to the wavelength of sound, the atom can be much larger, which means that its properties can be better controlled, researchers said.
For example, one can design the atom to couple only to certain acoustic frequencies or make the interaction with the sound extremely strong.
The frequency used in the experiment is 4.8 gigahertz, close to the microwave frequencies common in modern wireless networks.
In musical terms, this corresponds approximately to about 20 octaves above the highest note on a grand piano.
The study appears in the journal Science.

Kashmir floods: Come hell  or rain  Army won t stop until last man rescuedComments
From helicopter sorties to building bridges to tugging makeshift boats through muddied waters.  Our jawans have done it all  over the last one week to save tens of thousands marooned by the floods in Jammu and Kashmir. 
The jawans from the Indian Army, the Air Force and the National Disaster Relief Force braved hostile conditions to pull out 1.3 lakh survivors so far, while the state administration took a backseat. There are nearly four lakh more trapped by the waters in different areas, and the task is still by no means over.
We take a look at some amazing pictures of the daring rescue operations. 
 
Flood-affected Kashmiri residents ride on an Indian Army raft in Srinagar. AFP Photo
Flood victims board an Indian Air Force (IAF) helicopter after being rescued from a flooded area in Srinagar.  REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Srinagar: An Army jawan carrying a young boy to a relief camp after he was rescued. PTI Photo by Atul Yadav
Indian Army soldiers rescue a Kashmiri girl from her flooded house in Srinagar. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Tourists wait to be evacuated by Indian Air Force helicopters during rescue and relief operations following flooding in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
71 seriously ill persons airlifted. Indian Army has been conducting over 120 sorties everyday for rescue purposes. (Photo Credits: Army Directorate General of Public Information)
Handout photograph released by Ministry of Defence - a National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) team rescues stranded civilians in the flood affected part of Srinagar. AFP Photo/MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Member of the Indian Air Force's Garud Commando Force are lowered from a helicopter during a rescue operation for flood-affected people stranded on rooftops in Srinagar. REUTERS/ Ministry of Defence
An Army soldier carries relief packages for the flood Victims in Srinagar. PTI Photo
People being rescued by the Indian Army and local people after the flood at Tangpura in Srinagar. Raj k Raj/Hindustan Times
Indian Army personnel construct a bridge over the Poonch River to reconnect the Jammu-Poonch National Highway following flooding in Poonch. AFP Photo/MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Indian Army soldiers and civilians rescue an elderly flood victim in Srinagar. AP Photo/Altaf Qadri
Indian Army soldiers carry a seriously ill tourist towards a waiting Indian Air Force helicopter after he was rescued from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar.  AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Handout photograph released by Ministry of Defence - Indian Army personnel construct a bridge over the Poonch River to reconnect the Jammu-Poonch National Highway following flooding in Poonch. AFP Photo/MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Armed forces personnel offload relief material from an aircraft to distribute to flood affected people, at the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Indian Army soldiers carry a seriously ill tourist towards a waiting Indian Air Force helicopter after he was rescued from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
People being rescued by the Army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. Raj K Raj/HT Photo
The Army Cantt in Badami Bagh is submerged: yet the Army's commitment to the people of Srinagar continues. (Photo Credits: Army Directorate General of Public Information)
 
An Indian tourist cries as she is airlifted by a chopper in Srinagar. AP Photo
Sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik creates a sand sculpture dedicated to the Army, Air force, Navy and NDRF for their rescue operations in Jammu and Kashmir, at Puri beach. PTI Photo

What if LS debates Scotland  asks UK MP during J-K discussion in House of CommonsComments
A heated debate in the House of Commons on Thursday on Jammu and Kashmir saw several British MPs uphold India’s position, with one MP questioning whether it was right for the house to hold such a debate, citing a hypothetical situation of the Lok Sabha debating Scotland.
 
Barry Gardiner, Labour MP from Brent North – a constituency with a large minority of people of Indian origin – said: “In exactly a week’s time, the people of Scotland will go to the polls in a referendum to decide the future of our country”.
 
“The debate has been hotly contested and not without its ill temper; but imagine the outrage on both sides of that debate if the Indian Parliament, the Lok Sabha, were today debating the merits or demerits of Scottish independence and passing judgement upon what we in the United Kingdom see as a matter for us, and us alone, to decide,” he said.
 
Conservative MP Bob Blackman called for Pakistan security forces to vacate Pak-Occupied Kashmir, while others highlighted the plight of Kashmiri Pandits driven out of their homeland, and the incidents of terrorism and infiltration emanating from across the border.
 
Blackman said: “Far from wanting secession, either to Pakistan or as a separate state, the vast majority of people in the state (Jammu & Kashmir) want it to remain part of India. I have a solution to the problem, which is that the Pakistani forces illegally occupying part of Kashmir should leave and unite Jammu and Kashmir as one state under the auspices of India, and then it should be decided what is to happen”.
 
The debate saw the British government reiterate its known position that “It is not for the UK to prescribe a solution or to mediate in finding one”.
 
Foreign Office minister Tobias Ellwood said he agreed with Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s recent statement that any meaningful dialogue between India and Pakistan ‘necessarily requires an environment that is free from terrorism and violence’.
 
Ellwood said: “The long-standing position of the UK is that it is for India and Pakistan to find a lasting resolution to the situation in Kashmir, one which takes into account…the wishes of the Kashmiri people”.
 
This was the second debate on Jammu & Kashmir in the House of Commons in three years.
 
Unlike the debate in September 2011, which evoked much concern in official Indian circles, this time the response was less evocative, which partly reflected a globally more confident India’s reset world-view that focusses more on countries such as Russia, Japan and the United States.
 
To suggestions by some MPs that Britain had a role to play in Jammu & Kashmir, Conservative MP Gregory Barker said: “Given Britain’s legacy in India, I have to say that I find the assumption—presumption, rather—that we somehow have a role to play slightly offensive”.
 
He added: “It smacks of neo-imperialism, it is arrogant and we should respect the extraordinary achievements of India since 1947. Britain would have a role to play only if and when our advice or assistance were sought. Clearly, in this case, it is not”.
 
Of ther 18 MPs who participated in the debate, two were of Indian origin: Paul Uppal (Conservative) and Virendra Sharma (Labour). The debate was secured by David Ward, Liberal Democrats MP from Bradford East, a constituency with a large minority of Pakistan origin.

Maharashtra  Haryana polls on October 15; results on 19thComments
Single-phase assembly elections will be held in Maharashtra and Haryana on October 15, nearly five months after the BJP came to power at the Centre with an absolute majority. Counting of votes will be held on October 19, making it a relatively short poll process.
An aggressive campaign by now Prime Minister Narendra Modi saw the Congress being decimated to its lowest ever tally of 44 in the summer general elections. Though the Congress and its allies turned the tables on the BJP-led NDA in recent state bypolls, the Maharashtra and Haryana polls will be the first major electoral test of the BJP and the Modi government.
The BJP is hoping to repeat its Lok Sabha performance in both Congress-ruled states: the NDA had won 42 of 48 Lok Sabha seats in Maharashtra, and seven out of 10 in Haryana. It may be helped by the anti-incumbency factor, but soaring prices remains a critical issue.
Also, both the Congress and BJP are facing trouble from their allies with the NCP and Shiv Sena, respectively, haggling for a bigger slice of the seat-sharing pie in Maharashtra, which has 288 assembly seats.
Similar disagreements over seat-sharing in Haryana led to the BJP losing a partner, the Haryana Janhit Congress, recently. Most of the state’s 90 assembly seats are expected to witness multi-corned contests.
The immediate challenge for parties is to prepare for a reduced election period. Compared to the 40-45 days earlier polls took, starting from the announcement of dates to the counting of votes, the entire process in Haryana and Maharashtra will be completed in 39 days.
Election Commission officials, who announced the poll dates on Friday, said the process had been squeezed so that there would be minimal impact on the festival season in late October. This will also mean that the model code of conduct will be in force for the lowest possible period.
The immediate challenge for parties is to prepare for a reduced election period. Compared to the 40-45 days earlier polls took, starting from the announcement of dates to the counting of votes, the entire process in Haryana and Maharashtra will be completed in 39 days.
Election Commission officials, who announced the poll dates on Friday, said the process had been squeezed so that there would be minimal impact on the festival season in late October. This will also mean that the model code of conduct will be in force for the lowest possible period.

Commercial sex workers raise fund for Jammu and Kashmir flood victimsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Lupin to sell US-based Salix s drugs in CanadaBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 05:28 PM IST
Lupin to sell US-based Salix's drugs in Canada
The deal includes immediate rights to distribute Zaxine and Relistor
Mumbai-based Lupin Limited and US-based Salix Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Salix) have entered a distribution agreement under which Salix has granted Lupin the exclusive right to market, distribute and sell certain Salix products in Canada.
Under the agreement, Lupin also has the option to exclusively market, distribute and sell other gastroenterology products in Salix's Canadian pipeline once approved by Health Canada. Salix will receive an upfront payment and distribution fees, and is eligible for additional pre-commercial and sales milestone payments. Salix will supply the products to Lupin under separate supply agreements, said a company statement.
On Friday, shares of Lupin closed at Rs 1,359, up by 2.93 % on BSE.
The deal includes immediate rights to distribute Zaxine (rifaximin - for reduction in risk of overt hepatic encephalopathy or abnormal brain function) and Relistor Subcutaneous injection for the treatment of opioid-induced constipation.
 

Madurai: Two college girls suffer burns in acidattackPrint
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Madurai | Posted: September 12, 2014 5:54 pm
Two college girls suffered burns in an acid attack by two youths near Madurai around 1.30 pm on Friday.
S Angaleeswari, 19 and M. Meena, 19, flanked by their friends were on their way to a see a movie when the two-wheeler borne youths threw acid on them and sped away.
Angaleeswari, doing 2nd year BA English and Meena, a 1st year student doing the same course in Madurai Kamaraj university, suffered serious burns on their shoulders and back.
Both were referred to Madurai government Rajaji hospital. The motive behind the attack is not confirmed immediately even as “family dispute” was cited as a reason.
 

Coal scam: SC refuses to hear pleas of coscoal blocks
(Bench headed by CJI R M Lodha…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday refused to give any further hearing on the pleas of companies which were illegally allocated coal blocks by the government.
A bench headed by Chief Justice R M Lodha turned down the pleas of power generating companies that they should be re-heard in case the apex court decides to cancel the allotments.
The bench has already reserved its order on the fate of 218 coal blocks allocations which were declared by it as illegal and arbitrary.
The apex court had on September 9 reserved its order after the Centre advocated their cancellation while the allotees blamed the government for irregularities and demanded setting up of a committee to go into each of the allocations.
The Coal Producers Association, Sponge Iron Manufacturers Association and Independent Power Producers Association of India and some private entities had opposed the stand of the government for not favouring the constitution of any committee to look into consequences of the August 25 judgement of apex court.
They had deprecated the Centre's stand that "cancellation of coal block allocation is a natural consequence of the judgement" by saying that it would lead to total disaster and ultimate suffering for the man on street and rural population, already facing power crisis.
The bench had, however, said, "Government is only articulating its position" and it would "not be a fair way" of dealing with the matter as "screening committee meetings speak for themselves that no procedure was followed". PTI AAC RKS MNL SC 09121331 NNNN
FEATURED ARTICLES

100 days: Rajnath Singh details workSep 12, 2014, 06.04 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
100 days: Rajnath Singh details work
Home minister Rajnath Singh on Friday detailed the work done by his ministry over the past 100 days.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
100 days: Rajnath Singh details work
Home minister Rajnath Singh on Friday detailed the work done by his ministry over the past 100 days.
Post your opinion here

Maximaa Systems: Outcome of board meetingSep 12, 2014, 06.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Maximaa Systems: Outcome of board meeting
Maximaa Systems has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 12, 2014, has transacted the following :- Considered and approved appointment of Mr. Manan Shah as Executive President.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Maximaa Systems: Outcome of board meeting
Maximaa Systems has informed that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 12, 2014, has transacted the following :- Considered and approved appointment of Mr. Manan Shah as Executive President.
Post your opinion here
 
Maximaa Systems Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 12, 2014, has transacted the following :- Considered and approved appointment of Mr. Manan Shah as Executive President.Source : BSE

Petraeus:  ISIL in Iraq Should Not Be Over Estimatedpetraeus:  isil in iraq should not be over estimated
Ingersoll Rand - Ingersoll Rand to make strategic investment...Ingersoll Rand - Ingersoll Rand to make strategic investment...
Andhra Petrochemicals: Outcome of AGMSep 12, 2014, 06.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Andhra Petrochemicals: Outcome of AGM
Andhra Petrochemicals has informed that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Andhra Petrochemicals: Outcome of AGM
Andhra Petrochemicals has informed that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Andhra Petrochemicals Ltd has informed BSE that the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 12, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

India retail inflation in August eases to 7.80 pct  fuel  light and clothes helpRetail inflation eases to 7.8 pct in Aug; IIP growth slows to 0.5 pct in July
Reuters | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 12 2014, 21:25  IST
Sep 12 2014, 21:25  IST
 

After Hyundai  Honda now topples MarutiSwaraj Baggonkar |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 10:39 PM IST
Honda's Mobilio outsells Maruti's Ertiga in August
By the close of last month, Honda grabbed 47% market share in the domestic mid-size sedan segment
Honda has dethroned Ertiga, one of Maruti Suzuki's best-sellers, to emerge as the leader in the compact multi-utility vehicle segment.
Honda sold 5,530 Mobilios last month against 5,491 Ertigas, according to the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers, the country's apex automobile body.
The Mobilio is a multi-seater people mover designed on the platform of Honda's hatchback Brio. The Mobilio is Rs 57,000 more expensive than the Ertiga petrol model's base variant in Mumbai.
The upheaval comes eight months after the Honda City bested Hyundai's Verna to become the country's biggest selling sedan. By August, Honda had 47 per cent share of India's mid-size sedan market.
During April-August, the Verna's sales dipped 26 per cent to 15,462 against a 209 per cent rise in sales of the City at 30,447, according to the SIAM.
"We have received good response to the Mobilio with 18,000-19,000 bookings. Our effort will be to maintain the excitement around the product," said Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice-president for marketing and sales at Honda Cars India. An email to Maruti Suzuki went unanswered.
Honda's other high-volume car Amaze, a compact sedan, has, however, been lagging behind Maruti Suzuki's Dzire, which clocks sales of over 15,000. Honda ramped up production of the mini-sedan as sales surged to over 9,100 in August.
Maruti Suzuki has the largest sales network in the country with over 1,358 outlets whereas Honda's dealer count is 187 with plans to raise it to 230 next year. In response to Honda's strike on the Ertiga, Maruti Suzuki will launch the Ciaz, a challenger to the City, in the next few weeks.
Multi-utility vehicle sales have seen demand surging after the success of the Ertiga. Other car companies like Fiat, Hyundai, Renault and Mahindra & Mahindra are planning to launch cars in this segment.
 Advertisements

IOCL plans to automate 7 500 retail outlets in 2014-15Press Trust of India |  Bhubaneswar Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 05:32 PM IST
IOCL plans to automate 7,500 retail outlets in 2014-15
State-run Indian Oil Corporation plans to automate 7,500 outlets by 2014-15, its chairman B Ashok said today.
State-run Indian Oil Corporation plans to automate 7,500 outlets by 2014-15, its chairman B Ashok said today.
Union Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas Dharmendra Pradhan today inaugurated the automation facility simultaneously at all Indian Oil retail outlets here by remote control.
"Indian Oil, which has automated more than 6,200 retail outlets till August, 2014, also plans to automate 7,500 outlets by 2014-15 fiscal and more than 10,000 retail outlets by 2015-16," the IOC chairman said.
In Odisha, Indian Oil has automated 192 retail outlets and has planned to increase it to a total of 230 outlets in the financial year 2014-15, he said.
Stating that the concept of 100 per cent City Retail Outlet Automation is a key initiative launched by Indian Oil, Ashok said in the current financial year, the company plans to automate more than 20 cities in the country.
Today's automation has made the Odisha's state capital first fully automated retail outlet city in Eastern India.
"The automation will dispel the doubts in the minds of the petroleum consumer and bring benefit to all. The best practices of customer care and services would be implemented in Odisha," Pradhan said addressing a gathering on this occasion at Nuagaon Chowk IOC retail outlet here.
Stating that profit is not the prime motive, but customer satisfaction is the need of the hour, Pradhan said automated system would help quick and effective customer grievance redressal due to availability of record for each transaction.
 Advertisements

Ortel files draft with Sebi for IPOPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 08:34 PM IST
Ortel files draft with Sebi for IPO
This is company's secind attempt to raise money from initial public offer
Ortel Communications, a regional cable television and broadband service provider, has filed draft documents with market regulator Sebi for a public issue of up to 1.42 crore equity shares.
This is the sixth company to file initial papers with Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) this year to garner funds through initial public offer (IPO) route. Ortel plans to enter the capital markets with a public issue of up to 14,182,598 equity shares of face value of Rs 10 each, as per the draft red herring prospectus (DRHP). The offering comprises a fresh issue to the public of 60 lakh shares and an offer for sale of up to 81.82 lakh shares by NSR – PE Mauritius LLC.
This is Ortel’s second attempt to raise money from initial public offer (IPO). The company’s earlier plan in 2013 to raise Rs 100 crore through the stock market did not take off.
The proceeds of the issue would be utilised for expansion of the company's network for providing video, data and telephony services and general corporate purpose.
Ortel is also considering private placement of up to 25 lakh equity shares to garner up to Rs 65 crore. Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Ltd is the book running lead managers to the issue. Ortel is a regional cable television service provider engaged in the distribution of analog and digital cable television services and high speed broadband services. Its business is focused on Odisha, Chhattisgarh, Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal. It offers services under ‘Ortel Home Cable’, ‘Ortel Digital’ and ‘Ortel Broadband’.
Prior to Ortel, five companies — Lavasa Corp, Adlabs Entertainment, GMR Energy, Sharda Cropchem and Monte Carlo Fashions — filed draft IPO papers with Sebi so far in 2014.
 Advertisements

JSW may conclude takeover of Lucchini in a monthPress Trust of India |  Kolkata Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 05:16 PM IST
JSW may conclude takeover of Lucchini in a month
Sajjan Jindal-owned JSW Steel is in the final stages of negotiations to buy 'part' of bankrupt Italian steelmaker Lucchini.
Sajjan Jindal-owned JSW Steel is in the final stages of negotiations to buy 'part' of bankrupt Italian steelmaker Lucchini.
"We are at an advanced stage of negotiations. We hope to close the deal in a month's time or so," JSW Senior VP (Global Sales), Sharad Mahendra said at 'Steel Round Table' organised by The Bengal Chamber here today.
Lucchini is also reported to have received a binding offer from JSW Steel for its core assets in Piombino and is considering the offer.
Mahendra said JSW is only keen to take over assets of one-million tonne steel rolling mill of the Italian company for steel processing and not the steel making facility.
The Piombino plant on the Tuscan coast includes a blast furnace, a steel mill, a coke plant, three re-rolling mills and facilities at the port.
According to foreign media reports, the leading labour union has expressed opposition to any 'piecemeal' sale.
Asked about investment in the takeover, Mahendra said, "There will be no major upfront investment. Most capital requirement would be for working capital."
He said the Italian government is keen on the transaction for sake of employment and value added products.
The deal will give JSW access to European steel market and export opportunity for semi processed steel to Europe.
"We want to export our Indian semi-steel products like billets for processing and selling in Italian and other European markets," Mahendra said.
Meanwhile, speaking about the iron-ore issue, Mahendra said supply constraints from domestic sources has forced JSW to import iron-ore from markets like Canada, South Africa and Brazil.
"We are already importing and total import of iron-ore would be 6-7 million tonne on an annual basis as things stand now," he said.
It was nil last year and most of the imports would be meant for 10 million tonne Karnataka plant, capacity of which would get ramped up to 12 million tonnes by December.
 Advertisements

What Ray Rice Should Mean for NFLs Female Fan Basereddit
If the men of the NFL won't stand up against violence toward women, then the women of the NFL need to.
According to Adweek, the Super Bowl was the most watched TV program among women this year. Sure, there was Bruno Mars. But more and more women are coming to football for, well, the football. These days, 46 percent -- nearly half -- of NFL fans are female, representing a significant shift in the sport's traditionally male-dominated audience. Fashion magazines like Vogue and Glamour run stories on football fashion and Q&As with athletes. For the second year, Marie Claire included a multi-page insert in its fall fashion issue featuring tips on what to wear to a game, how to host a football party at home, and quotes from stylish "fangirls" talking about why and how they love the sport.
Indeed, the NFL has worked very hard to cultivate this female audience through rigorous marketing efforts like female-oriented sports programming, pop-up clothing boutiques at stadiums, branded home goods offerings like wine bottle holders and cheeseboards, and partnerships with nail polish brands to create sports-themed manicures ("fanicures"). There have been campaigns and products and million dollar efforts designed to welcome female fans to the sport. That Marie Claire special? It was sponsored by NFL.com.
On the surface, this would seem to be an encouraging move: A traditionally male-oriented, often female-exclusionary sport recognizing that fans can be, and are, of either gender. And yet, in its handling of running back Ray Rice's assault against his then-fiancée, now-wife, Janay Palmer Rice, the NFL has proven that it does not care about women. As far as I'm concerned, this leaves women little choice but to return the favor. Can you believe in women's rights and enjoy football? Can you be angry about Ray Rice and the NFL's inadequate handling of him but still feel okay about watching the game? The answer, to both, is no.
The NFL wants your money. But that, it has become clear, is all you are to them: a revenue source, someone to buy more jerseys and sit in more seats. After all: It was only yesterday, after the full video of Ray Rice punching Janay Rice was released, that the Baltimore Ravens terminated his contract and NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell suspended him indefinitely. Goodell's first move back in May, when just part of the video was released -- the part that "only" showed Ray dragging an unconscious Janay out of the elevator -- was a two-game suspension. It wasn't clear, Goodell said at the time, what had happened in that elevator. Now, of course, it is.
I'd argue it was all along.
Football can be a beautiful sport to watch, a game of skill in which extraordinarily talented men do incredible things with their bodies. It is a game that, yes, requires and rewards a certain level of aggression. But the best players are the ones who unleash their aggression at the right times, and can do so with control and precision. On your fiancée in an empty elevator is not one of those times. That said, one bad apple can spoil the whole bunch, though I'd argue that in this case, there's more than one: Ray Rice, Roger Goodell, and the fans who continue to watch despite all evidence pointing to the fact that the NFL condones mistreatment of at least half its fans.
Goodell kept Ray Rice in the league because he thought Rice was someone people wanted to see play. If, however, it becomes clear that at least half of the league's fans emphatically do not want to see Ray Rice, or any other woman beater, play -- and, by the way, won't be buying any of your feminized game jerseys up for sale on NFL.com either -- then it's possible change will start to happen. If the men of the NFL won't stand up against violence toward women, then the women of the NFL need to. That starts with those of us who watch it.
Or, should I say, who used to.
Follow Dr. Peggy Drexler on Twitter: www.twitter.com/drpeggydrexler
More:

Ciao Uncle Sam! Taxes Prod Many to Ditch Passportciao uncle sam! taxes prod many to ditch passport
India s IDFC surges after share saleBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Israel  a gift of the ArabsUpdated: September 11, 2014 11:50 IST
Israel, a gift of the Arabs
Shail Mayaram
Tweet
Reuters WAR-TORN: Gaza has been rendered a desolate graveyard with over 2,000 dead and a third of the population having fled. Here, a Palestinian boy holds his sister near the ruins of their family's house, in the east of Gaza City on September 10, 2014.
TOPICS
unrest, conflicts and war
The present state of Jewish-Muslim relations is an inversion of the friendly relations that had lasted through the last 20 centuries
A tenuous truce has interrupted the most recent and devastating round of violence in Israel and the Palestinian territories. I was in Israel on May 31, 2010 when the Gaza Freedom Flotilla had been attacked by Israeli commandos. This was the culmination of Operation Cast Lead (2008) during which Gaza had been subject to phosphorus bombing, killing an estimated 1,400 persons, one third of them children, and even targeting educational institutions for harbouring refugees. Gaza is a slum, a person working with an NGO had told me then. This time it has been rendered a desolate graveyard with over 2,000 dead and a third of the population having fled.
Source of terror
Islamic terror has become the popular topic of drawing room conversations in the last decade. The doings of Hamas and Hezbollah, the Taliban and most recently of the Islamic State have provided much fuel to the fire. There is little reference, however, to the state as the source of terror of which Israel is currently the prime example.
Anti-Semitism has plagued the Jews for two millennia and is often invoked to justify Israeli impunity. Ironically, the Arabs have historically not been participants in this history of racial hatred. On the contrary, it was in Arabia that the Jews sought refuge after they fled Jerusalem following the destruction of Second Temple.
“The solution to Hamas lies in a sustainable Palestine and not in death in Gaza”
In his story of a small Moroccan town Dammate in the High Atlas Mountains, anthropologist Abdellah Hammoudi describes a ritual exchange of yeast between Jews and Muslims staged each year in a celebration called Mimouna held during the last day of the Jewish Passoves (Pessah). The exchange shows how despite there being hierarchy and inequality for Jews in Muslim dominated polities, there was civility, hospitality and even friendship. There is substantial historical evidence available to show how Jews were thriving in the Abbasid and Ottoman Empires. The present state of Jewish-Muslim relations, therefore, is an inversion of the friendly relations that had lasted through the last 20 centuries.
The Palestinians, through sales of their land to migrant Jews actually made the state of Israel possible on the ground. Israel is, quite literally, as I have argued in a forthcoming book, a “gift” of the Arabs even as the land transfers occurred without Palestinians realising that a “Jewish State” was in the making.
Tragically, the state of Israel seems to have learnt more from its persecutors than its benefactors in the calculated precision of its targeting and killing. But the problem is not just the most recent round of the war in Gaza. The deeper problem is that Israel has made impossible any viable statehood for the Palestinians.
There is little doubt that both the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) and Hamas have contributed to the Palestinian predicament. The PLO wrote off East Jerusalem in the Oslo Agreement in 1993 and compromised on the right to return of Palestinians in return for its recognition as the official Palestinian authority. The Oslo peace process itself enabled the rise of Hamas, since the PLO had lost legitimacy with many Palestinians. For the West, Hamas was an effective counterbalance to the PLO. Since then Hamas’ own violent politics has gone hand in hand with Israel’s metamorphosis into an expansionist, settler state.
The old secular left that had dominated Israeli politics has been marginalised. A new wave of religious nationalism holds sway, some sections of which advocate a Greater Israel and would like to annex the West Bank as the Biblical Judea and Samaria. There are suggestions that paying Palestinians to emigrate would be less expensive than the costs of maintaining the two-state solution.
Stand in India
What then should be our stand in India? Though India has become hugely dependent on Israel for small arms and India-Israel relations have strengthened, it must stand for peace and justice in Palestine if it aspires for leadership in global politics. Fortunately the official Indian statement at a special session of the UN Human Rights Council criticised the heavy airstrikes in Gaza, the human rights situation in the Occupied Palestine Territory including East Jerusalem and emphasised the need for a sovereign, independent, viable and united State of Palestine. Citizens all over the world must press for stronger action in favour of Palestinian statehood including the resort to economic boycott of Israel if required. The solution to Hamas lies in a sustainable Palestine and not in death in Gaza.
(Shail Mayaram is author of Israel as the gift of the Arabs: A Tel Aviv Diary, Yoda, in press).

Difficult to Do Business in India  Says VodafoneYou are here: Home Corporates
Difficult to Do Business in India, Says Vodafone
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 22:35 (IST)
Alibaba to Boost IPO Size on 'Overwhelming' Demand: Report
New Delhi: World's second largest telecom firm Vodafone, which is facing taxation issues in India, on Thursday said it is difficult for foreign companies to do business in the country because of slower government clearances.
Vodafone India head Marten Pieters said the company had sought government's approval in December last year to bring in funds from the parent company to buy airwaves but the clearance is still awaited.
"Yes, it is difficult to do business in India, that's the general perception I think of foreign companies and that is not just in telecom," he said speaking at Economist India Summit here.
The British telecom major is facing a tax liability of over Rs 11,200 crore, along with interest, on its 2007 acquisition of Honk Kong-based Hutchison Whampoa's stake in India's telecom major, Hutchison Essar.
He, however, added that the process for doing business in India "can be made much easier, much smoother by just removing a few things."
On spectrum auctions due in February 2015 and raising equity for it, Mr Pieters said: "I have no answer, I got to know last week that the officer dealing with the file has retired."
He said telecom industry in India is in a mess and it is a result of thinking that more the competition the better it is.
He also said industry structure is a government responsibility and he has seen "very little action" to change this system.
"The telecom industry, if you look at it from international perspective is a mess in India ... and it seems to come from this concept which has been developed in the past that the more competition, the better," Mr Pieters said.
"The industry structure is a problem of the government because spectrum, which is our raw material is available in a limited form and if you get too many players, then you get this problem where nobody has enough spectrum," he said.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 22:35 (IST)

5 Million Google Passwords Leaked OnlineYou are here: Home Corporates
Nearly 5 Million Google Usernames, Passwords Leaked Online
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 19:12 (IST)
Alibaba to Boost IPO Size on 'Overwhelming' Demand: Report
New Delhi:
After Apple's high profile iCloud fiasco, Google is the latest cybercrime victim with Russian hackers posting usernames and passwords of close to five million Google accounts online.
The list was posted on bitcoin forum btcsec.com by a user called Tvskit. The user claimed that about 60 per cent of the passwords are still active.
The same Google account password is used across all Google products like Gmail, Youtube, Hangouts, Drive and Maps.
Acknowledging the leak in a blog post, Google said it had found that "less than 2 per cent of the username and password combinations might have worked."
It further said that Google's automated anti-hijacking systems would have blocked many of those login attempts.
"We have protected the affected accounts and have required those users to reset their passwords," it said.
Last week, nude images of celebrities were leaked from Apple's cloud service.
Google maintained that the leaked usernames and passwords were not the result of a breach of Google systems.
"Often, these credentials are obtained through a combination of other sources," it said.
Cautioning users, Google said they should ensure they use a strong password unique to Google and update recovery options, so that they can get the information on e-mail or phone in case they get locked out of their account.
"And consider 2-step verification, which adds an extra layer of security to your account," it said.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 19:09 (IST)

Rajan Warns of Abrupt Reversal of Global Low Interest RatesYou are here: Home Global Economy
Raghuram Rajan Warns of Abrupt Reversal of Global Low Interest Rates
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 16:51 (IST)
China Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
Mumbai:
RBI Governor Dr Raghuram Rajan, who had predicted the 2008 financial meltdown, has said that abrupt reversal of low interest rates globally could create substantial amounts of damage and that it should be done in predictable and careful way.
He was also worried that altering the price of capital for substantial period of time distorts investment decision and the nature of the economies.
"We're in the hole we are in. To reverse it by changing abruptly would create substantial amounts of damage. So I'm with (US Federal Reserve) officials in saying that as we get out of this, let's get out of this in a predictable and careful way, rather than in one go," he told Time magazine.
He was asked whether quickly reversing low rates could backfire.
Asked whether super easy money has led to misallocation of capital, he said his greater worry was that by altering the price of capital for a substantial period of time, "are we also, in a sense, distorting investment decisions and the nature of economy we will have.
"Have we artificially kept the real rate of interest somehow below what should be the appropriate natural rate of interest today and created bad investment that is not the most appropriate for the economy?"
To a question whether long term low interest rate mean trouble, Dr Rajan said his sense was that monetary policy can do only so much and beyond a certain point it does more damage than good.
A number of years over central bankers have convinced markets that they will continuously come to their rescue and will keep rates really low for long that has pushed asset prices beyond fundamentals and made markets much more vulnerable to adverse news, he said.
Asked about the lack of coordination in the global financial system led by the US, he said the US should recognise that actions of emerging economies to protect themselves over the long run have come back to affect the US.
He said there was room for greater dialogue on how these policies should be conducted not just to be nice but because in the medium run it was in the US' own self-interest.
"If you are not careful about the volatility you create, others will have to respond, and everybody is worse off," he said.
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 16:48 (IST)
MORE FROM NDTV

Air France-KLM: lacking thrust© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/53d0e2cc-39ad-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Wm Morrison: sweet and sour© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/9857b588-39b7-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FDA Panel Backs Novo Nordisk Injection for ObesityPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

University of Illinois trustees vote against Salaita appointmentBy Jonathan H. Adler September 11
In response to extensive public criticism of her decision not to forward a proposed faculty appointment of Professor Steven Salaita, University of Illinois Chancellor Phyllis Wise relented and submitted his appointment to the Board of Trustees.  She still did not support Salaita’s appointment, however, and spoke against the appointment, as did University President Robert Easter.  According to the Chicago Tribune :
“Professor Salaita’s approach indicates that he would be incapable of fostering a classroom environment where conflicting opinions could be given equal consideration, regardless of the issue being discussed,” Easter said before the vote. “I am also concerned that his irresponsible public statements would make it more difficult for the university … to attract the best and brightest students, faculty and staff.”
Some have also raised concerns about Salaita’s scholarship.  Yet as I noted here , there is some reason to suspect the University administration turned against the prospective hire due to pressure from donors.
Whatever the reason, the Board of Trustees rejected Salaita’s appointment by a vote of 8-1.  A suit or settlement seems likely. From the Tribune report:
“I assume the attorneys will reach out and work something out or understand their position more clearly. We are not looking to be held up. We want to be fair but we don’t want to be pushovers,” board Chairman Christopher Kennedy said after the meeting. “Either they will sue or we will settle. It is hard to predict what another party will do. … Am I going to give you my playbook on a negotiating matter?”
The University’s initial refusal to hire Salaita has been subject to extensive criticism, not least because it appears that it was not motivated by legitimate concerns about his teaching or scholarship.  Again from the Tribune:
Robert Warrior, director of U. of I.’s American Indian studies program, has criticized Wise for making a decision about Salaita’s job without thoroughly reading his scholarship, or even all of his writings on Twitter. When they met in late July, Wise told him she had read some of Salaita’s posts and thought they were “unacceptable,” Warrior said. She asked that he tell Salaita that his social media activity would be monitored at the U. of I., he said.
“You can make up your mind about any issue based on what little information you would like,” Warrior said. “As a scholar and teacher, I ask people to think a little bit deeper than that.” . . .
The decision has had numerous repercussions. Nearly a dozen U. of I. departments, including philosophy, history and English, have voted no confidence in Wise. Professors are boycotting the campus by canceling scheduled lectures or vowing not to attend conferences. National organizations such as the American Association of University Professors and the Modern Language Association have written strong statements against the university’s action.
The Tribune itself editorialized in support of the University’s decision.
Jonathan H. Adler teaches courses in constitutional, administrative, and environmental law at the Case Western University School of Law, where he is the inaugural Johan Verheij Memorial Professor of Law and Director of the Center for Business Law and Regulation.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410475432/1410475432000/1410475432 tracking: {authors=Jonathan H. Adler, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=university-of-illinois-trustees-vote-against-salaita-appointment, post_id=13387, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 10:43:52 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 10:43:52 PM

Alcoa signs Boeing deal worth more than $1 billionAlcoa signs Boeing deal worth more than $1 billion
File photo shows an Alcoa aluminum plant in Alcoa, Tennessee
WADE PAYNE,
WADE PAYNE,
Reuters
Alcoa Inc. has signed a long-term contract to supply planemaker Boeing Co with aluminum sheet and plate that is worth more than $1 billion, the metals company said on Thursday.
The new contract is the largest ever between the two companies, said Alcoa, a longtime Boeing supplier. It did not disclose a precise value or time frame for the deal.
Alcoa has been expanding its aerospace business and announced a $2.85 billion deal in June to buy jet engine part maker Firth Rixson.
Although it helped create the modern aluminum industry more than a century ago, Alcoa is eager to produce higher-margin, specialized parts for aerospace and automotive customers, even if they contain other metals or no aluminum at all.
Alcoa said the agreement announced on Thursday "establishes a foundation for continued collaboration" on new alloys, including aluminum-lithium.
The deal makes Alcoa the sole supplier of wing skins for Boeing airplanes that have a metallic structure.
The automakers, trying more and more to light weight their new vehicles will follow as well using Alcoa aluminums and alloys
ch47fixer

Industry data to signal stuttering economic revivalThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Why Sun Pharma Shares are Down 8% in 4 DaysYou are here: Home Market
Why Sun Pharma Shares are Down 8% in 4 Days
NDTV | Updated On: September 12, 2014 11:06 (IST)
Mid-cap State-run Banks Gain on Fresh Long Positions
Sun Pharma shares traded lower for the fourth straight day and the stock was the top loser in the 50-share Nifty for a second straight session on Friday. The stock has lost nearly 8 per cent in the last four trading sessions.
On Thursday, 23 lakh shares were delivered, more than twice the 10-day average of 10 lakh shares. Meanwhile, open interest in Sun Pharma futures also rose by 5 per cent indicating build-up of short positions.
Here are the reasons for the selloff in Sun Pharma,
1) Sun's unit Taro Pharmaceutical Industries recalled two lots of a key drug on September 2, citing failed content uniformity specifications, according to the US FDA. The recalled Warfarin Sodium Tablets are intended to prevent blood clots. The drug makes up nearly 5 per cent of Taro's sales, analysts say.
This will be a sentimental negative for Sun Pharma given the company is already facing FDA issues, Praful Bohra of Nirmal Bang Securities told NDTV.
2) Sun Pharma has called an annual general meeting (AGM) of shareholders on September 27 to seek approval to raise Rs 12,000 crore through a qualified institutional placement (QIP) issue. The approval is only an enabling resolution, the company has said.
According to Mr Bohra, the only possible reason to raise such a large amount might be for an acquisition. However, Sun Pharma has passed such enabling resolutions in the past, so it may not be utilised, he added.
3) The US regulator conducted surprise inspection at the drugmaker's Halol facility in Gujarat on Wednesday, according media reports. The Halol plant is a major supplier of drug to the US market. According to Nomura, sales from Halol to the US totalled nearly $400 million in FY14, which was 25 per cent of Sun's US sales for the period. ( Read the full story here )
As of 09.39 a.m., Sun Pharma shares traded 3.65 per cent lower at Rs 792.30 and underperformed the broader healthcare sub-index on the BSE, which traded down 1 per cent.
(With inputs from Reuters)

JP Associates Falls; Goldman Sachs DowngradesYou are here: Home Market
JP Associates Falls; Goldman Sachs Downgrades
Reuters | Updated On: September 12, 2014 11:28 (IST)
Gold, Silver Rebound on Global Cues
Shares in Jaiprakash Associates fell over 3 per cent to Rs 35.30 on Friday. Goldman Sachs downgrades the stock to "neutral" from "buy" and removes from Asia Pacific buy list, citing uncertainty after one of its promoters sold 1.45 per cent stake.
Uncertainty on Supreme Court ruling on coal allocations is also cited as a key reason for downgrade.
As of 11.24 a.m. JP Associates shares traded 2.6 per cent lower at Rs 35.60 underperforming the Nifty which traded 0.02 per cent lower at 8,083.9.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Bourses mixed as Fed meeting loomsLast updated: September 12, 2014 10:14 pm
Wall Street soft as Fed meeting looms
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ec71ba8-3a27-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US woman charged for illegally sending tech drawings to IndiaPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:25 pm
A former woman defense contractor has been indicted by a US court for illegally exporting to India military blueprints and technical drawings of the parts used in some of the sensitive hardware like F-15s.
Currently under home detention pending trial, 49-year-old Hannah Robert of North Brunswick, New Jersey, has been charged in a superseding indictment with one count of violating the Arms Export Control Act, one count of conspiracy to violate the act and four counts of wire fraud and one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.
According to court documents, Robert, founder, owner, and president of One Source USA LLC, used the computer of a local church to transfer technical drawings of military hardware parts. The exported technical drawings include parts used in the torpedo systems for nuclear submarines, attack helicopters and F-15 fighter aircraft, the Department of Justice said.
Robert owned One Source company in India along with one PR. She also owned Caldwell Components
She transmitted export-controlled technical data to one PR in India so that they could submit bids to foreigners, including those in the United Arab Emirates, to supply them or their foreign customers with defense hardware items and spare parts.
Neither Robert nor P.R. obtained approval from the US Department of State for this conduct, the Justice Department said.
If found guilty, Robert face a fine of USD 250,000 and imprisonment up to 20 years.

Rupee trades higher as custodians sell dollarsLast Updated at 01:08 PM IST
Rupee trades higher as custodians sell dollars
The rupee is trading at 60.96/60.97 versus Thursday's  close of 60.9250/9350. Asian currencies are trading mostly weaker versus the U.S. dollar.
The rupee is trading at 60.78/79 per dollar versus Thursday's close of 60.9250/9350. The Indian unit had fallen to 61.03 in early trade.
 
Huge dollar selling by custodian banks is seen, say traders.
 
Traders will monitor domestic shares for cues on fund flows.
 
Nifty is trading largely flat ahead of key data.
 
CPI data due post-market hours is crucial for near-term direction.
 Advertisements

Production From HMSI s Fourth Plant to be DelayedAlibaba to Boost IPO Size on 'Overwhelming' Demand: Report
New Delhi:
Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) today said the operationalisation of its fourth plant in Gujarat will be delayed by about a quarter and production will start in the beginning of 2016.
"Due to the elections earlier this year, there has been a delay in the start of work at the Gujarat plant. We expect to start production at the plant in first quarter of 2016 instead of last quarter of 2015 as planned earlier," HMSI Keita Muramatsu told PTI here on the sidelines of SIAM annual convention.
The company is investing Rs 1,000 crore to set up the plant that will have an annual capacity of 1.2 million units. HSMI has started ground levelling work at the plant now, he added.
"This will be mainly for scooter and once the plant comes into operations, it will give us the flexibility at the three other plants to adjust motorcycle production to meet demand," he said.
The company will have a total annual production capacity of 5.8 million when the fourth plant at Gujarat goes on full steam.
The company currently has three plants at Manesar (Haryana), Tapukara (Rajasthan) and Narsapura (Karnataka).
Ahead of the festive season, HMSI has also increased production of its scooter production. It is currently producing over 15,000 units a day, which is up to 20 per cent more than what it had produced in the past, with the starting of third line at its Karnataka plant.
While he declined to share a detailed product launch plan, Muramatsu said the company will launch the CBR650 motorcycle next year that will be positioned as one of the its flagship bike brands in India.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 13:56 (IST)

Boohoo.com bolstered by marketing push© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af865a90-3a50-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Floods threaten Pakistan s historic Multan cityPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:52 pm
After causing widespread damage in northern Punjab in Pakistan, the devastating floods now threaten the historic city of Multan and its famous shrines, even as authorities struggle to save the city.
The floods, triggered by heavy monsoon showers, have inundated dozens of villages in central Pakistan.
One of the main rivers of the country, Chenab, is still in high flood and has already caused widespread destruction in the agricultural backbone of Punjab.
The river has now hit the southern reaches of Punjab threatening Multan, also known as the city of saints, and its popular shrines and mausoleums.
To save Multan from the swollen Chenab, explosives have been planted to blow strategic dykes to divert the floodwater away from the city.
Muhammad Afzal, a district administration official, said some protective embankments were breached to divert the water.
At least 125 villages were already inundated and more are threatened, The Express Tribune reported.
Multan region was the focus of all relief and rescue operations, and over 1,100 boats and 16 helicopters were being used to evacuate people from Jhang, Multan and Muzaffargarh, according to Dawn.
After Multan and Muzaffargarh districts, officials fear the floods may hit the southern Sindh province over the weekend.
Rains and floods have killed 264 people, including 184 in Punjab, 66 in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir and another 14 in Gilgit-Baltistan regions, according to National Disaster Management Authority.
The NDMA said close to two million people were already affected by the deluge.
Experts believe that the number of people displaced by water will increase in coming days.

Transforming the power sectorBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Govt to roll out Rs 2 lakh cr infra projs this year: GadkariPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 02:35 PM IST
Govt to roll out Rs 2 lakh cr infra projs this year: Gadkari
Says his Ministry is also looking to build 200,000 km of roads under PPP, including widening of existing 100,000 km of highways
After launching highway projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore that were stuck on account of various regulatory hurdles, the government is all set to roll out Rs 2 lakh crore worth of infrastructure projects this year, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadari said today.
"We have cleared bottlenecks. It is easy to construct express highways but difficult to get environment clearance. However, we are removing hurdles. We have cleared projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore. Now this year we will launch projects worth Rs 2 lakh crore," Gadkari said addressing the annual convention of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers )SIAM) here.
Gadkari said his Ministry was also looking to build 200,000 km of roads under public-private-partnership (PPP) mode which includes widening of existing 100,000 km of highways.
"We are fast-tracking the decision making and weeding out corruption and red-tapism from government functioning besides introducing innovation," he said.
There is no dearth of money to fund the projects and the Ministry if need be can garner more funds through securitisation of toll revenue which amounted to about Rs 1.8 lakh crore in 15 years besides raising funds through infrastructure bonds worth Rs 10,000 crore.
A number of steps, he said, has been initiated to bring in wide reforms in the highways sector including launch of 350 electronic toll plazas by December and building amenities for drivers and commuters on every 50 km stretch for which bids have already been floated for consultancy and design of 270 such facilities.
He said the draft for the new Motor Vehicles legislation expected to be passed in the upcoming Winter Session will be launched on Website by tomorrow seeking suggestions from stakeholders.
"The present Motor Vehicles Act has turned obsolete and the new draft has been prepared incorporating the best practises in six advanced nations - US, Japan, Germany, UK, Singapore and Australia," he said.
He also appealed to SIAM on the need for introducing ethanol-friendly engines to cut on the huge Rs 6 lakh crore annual bills on import of crude in the country to which SIAM leaders expressed concern and said "there was not enough ethanol available at present."
Gadkari said government was also focusing on boosting waterways for transportation of cargo and planned introducing sea-planes, airport-like terminals on Ganga besides shipment of cargo through waterway which was much cost-friendly.
Also, a new policy for shipbuilding was on the anvil besides promotion of cruise shipping including that of the Kochi to Andaman & Nicobar islands.
 Advertisements

Ebola death toll hits 2 400: WHOPrint
Agence-France Presse | Geneva | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:41 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 3:45 pm
The worst-ever outbreak of Ebola fever has now killed more than 2,400 people and infected twice that number, according to a new toll released on Friday by the World Health Organisation.
“As of 12 September, we are at 4,784 cases and more than 2,400 deaths,” the head of the UN health agency, Margaret Chan, told a news conference in Geneva.
She did not specify if the figures included Nigeria, in addition to Guinea, Sierra Leone and Liberia, the three west African countries at the epicentre of the health crisis.

Rangebound markets end flat; Sensex closes higher by 65 pointsRangebound markets end flat; Sensex closes higher by 65 points
My role in the boring  snoring interviewLast updated: September 12, 2014 12:42 pm
How I accidentally invented the ‘boring, snoring’ interview
By Peter Mandelson
Argue for what you believe in, don’t go on a loop repeating what you said, writes Peter Mandelson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d0953ba-38f4-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

UPA s housing schemes to merge; more role for pvt cos seenSep 12, 2014, 03.41 PM IST  | Source: PTI
UPA's housing schemes to merge; more role for pvt cos seen
Noting that the gigantic task of ensuring housing for all needs large scale participation of private developers, Urban Development and Housing Minister Venkaiah Naidu said the government is committed to promote Public-Private-Partnership and operational hurdles will be removed
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
UPA's housing schemes to merge; more role for pvt cos seen
Noting that the gigantic task of ensuring housing for all needs large scale participation of private developers, Urban Development and Housing Minister Venkaiah Naidu said the government is committed to promote Public-Private-Partnership and operational hurdles will be removed
Post your opinion here
 
With the target of providing houses for all by 2022, a new integrated National Housing Mission will be launched soon by merging some of UPA's flagship schemes like JNNURM and Rajiv Awas Yojana.
Noting that the gigantic task of ensuring housing for all needs large scale participation of private developers, Urban Development and Housing Minister Venkaiah Naidu said the government is committed to promote Public-Private-Partnership and operational hurdles will be removed by making available land required and enabling expeditious clearances.
The Minister said that in consolations with states/UTs and urban local bodies, an effort is being made to enable online clearances for housing and other urban development projects.
"We have experiences of JNNURM, Indira Awas Yojana, Rajiv Awas Yojana, Rajiv Rinn Yojana. There are so many yojana some of them even did not take off,"  Naidu said at a real estate conference here. While JNNURM was meant to create urban infrastructure and also affordable housing, Rajiv Awas Yojana, Indira Awas Yojana and Rajiv Rinn Yojana launched with much fanfare were exclusively for providing housing for the needy and economically weaker sections in the society.
Targeting UPA government's flagship programmes, Naidu said Rajiv Rinn Yojana, "inspite of best efforts, could not take off. So after taking over we have studied all these schemes and now the government has decided to merge all schemes into one. It will be National Housing Mission which will be launched soon."
Lamenting the shortage of housing, he said "a decent house is a basic requirement for a dignified living. But even after 67 years of Independence, crores of families do not have proper houses to live which is big challenge before the country. That is why the government has given a clarion call for houses for all by 2022."
Assuring real estate developers all help, Naidu asserted that the proposed Real Estate Regulation Act will not "stifle and strangulate the development of real estate sector but only seeks to protect the interests of the consumers." While responding to the concerns over excessive regulation of construction sector, Naidu emphasised the need for protection of consumers whose confidence is critical for the growth of the sector.
"Given the deficiencies in the 'Law of Torts', the consumers are finding it difficult to address their grievances as legal remedies are expensive and time consuming." He said things were not moving as per expectation for many years now.
"The Ministry would consider the suggestion to rename the proposed law as 'Real Estate Facilitation and Consumer Protection Act'," he said.
Naidu said that he is making efforts to enable increased flow of bank finances into real estate sector through various options including that of priority lending.
Naidu appealed to the private builders to accord priority for affordable housing schemes, saying that "profits are OK but not profiteering". He suggested a 10-point agenda for the real estate sector to promote affordable and inclusive housing including rental housing for the economically weaker sections and low income groups looking at opportunities at the "bottom of the pyramid" as this sector is viable through larger volumes.
The agenda should include energy efficient, sustainable and aesthetic construction, harnessing solar energy and recycling of water through decentralised Sewerage Treatment Plants, rainwater harvesting and conservation of water bodies, marshy areas, grasslands, boulevards among others.
It should also include transparency and accountability in project implementation, ensuring consumer protection and symmetry of information, skill development of construction workforce and standardisation and professionalization of construction processes.
"Make profits but avoid profiteering and engage with central and state governments for promotion of the sector along with ensuring 'Housing for All' by 2022 in the spirit of 'Team India'," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Women farmers felicitated at ICRISATWomen farmers felicitated at ICRISAT
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 12:  
Women play a crucial role in agriculture. But they seldom get the recognition they are due. Here is an exception. About 1,500 women from 12 States were invited to the International Crops Research Institute for the Semi-Arid Tropics (ICRISAT) to celebrate Women Farmers’ Day on Friday.
ICRISAT Director-General William Dar said recognising the contribution of women to agriculture is critical to achieving global food security. This Women Farmers’ Day is designated as the ‘Year of Family Farming’ as well as ICRISAT’s Year of Gender. The institute felicitated some farmers to mark the occasion.
Of the 200 crore small-holder farmers in the developing world, seventy per cent are women, mostly living in extreme poverty. “If we are to eradicate hunger and poverty, we need to level the playing field by economically empowering women farmers,” Dar said, addressing the women farmers at the institute.
Quoting a United Nation’s study, he said empowering women farmers with new technologies and resources could result in yield increases of 20-30 per cent and reduce the number of hungry people in the world by 100 to 150 million people.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Banking Ombudsman: Customer complaints on the rise  but 23% of them not maintainableBanking Ombudsman: Customer complaints on the rise, but 23% of them not maintainable
LN Revathy
Tweet
Coimbatore, Sept 12:  
Technology seems both a boon and bane in banking. While customers are able to do their banking transactions 24x7, from the comfort of their home, anytime and anywhere, people also seem to be losing money because of technology, observed U Chiranjeevi, Banking Ombudsman, RBI, Chennai.
Speaking to Business Line on the sidelines of the Coimbatore edition of Reserve Bank of India Quiz (RBIQ), he said that the number of complaints pertaining to credit and ATM cards are on the rise.
''But 23 per cent of the complaints are not maintainable. People are not aware of the scheme,'' he said and explained that the Banking Ombudsman office does not entertain complaints received through an advocate, forgery and frauds such as phishing attack or ending with other forums such as the Debt Recovery Tribunal (DRT) and commercial transactions.''
''The complaint should be between the bank and the customer. And here too, we can take up the issue only if it is within this jurisdiction. For instance, if the complaint pertains to credit card transaction and the card holder's billing address is elsewhere (some other state), then I cannot take the complaint. It has to be taken up in that geography,'' Mr Chiranjeevi explained.
'The Banking Ombudsman scheme should be strengthened; with customer protection gaining strength, there is pressure for expanding the scheme to other areas such as cooperative and regional rural banks as well,'' he said.
The Ombudsman office though is facing manpower shortage. The staff strength according to Mr Chiranjeevi, has not been adequate to take care of the increasing number of complaints.
The office received 9,500 complaints last year, which is said to be 21 per cent higher than the numbers received the earlier fiscal.
With expanding branch network, financial inclusion initiatives and entry of new banks, the number of customer complaints is expected to go up.
The Banking Ombudsman however conceded that they have an institutional mechanism to resolve issues at the earliest. ''No complaint remains unresolved for more than 30 days,'' he said.
Of the total, nearly 25 per cent are ATM-related complaints. Other issues that are causing lots of social problems pertain to loss of title deeds, auction of jewellery without notice and hidden charges, he said.
Though State Bank of India topped in the number of complaints followed by Indian Overseas Bank, Indian Bank and Standard Chartered Bank, Mr Chiranjeevi said ''just because the number of complaints is high, it is not negative. They have a huge network, customer base is large and are expanding. That these banks too are able to resolve the issues within the stipulated time should be appreciated.''
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Auction may become preferred method for mineral resource allotmentsAuction may become preferred method for mineral resource allotments
Our Bureau
Kolkata, Sept 12:  
The Union Government appears to have come closer to prefer auction for mineral resource allocations.
Syedain Abbasi, Joint Secretary of the Ministry of Steel, said here on Friday that the Government was veering around to the idea of auction as the preferred method of allocating resource deposits for mining such as iron ore and coal.
Large-scale irregularities in resource allocation in the past have prompted the new Government at the Centre to look various issues involving mining sector.
“The iron ore policy, which was in the making could, prefer auction (for resource allocation) in the known mineralised area,” he said at a Bengal Chamber function.
The Government was also looking for changes in the environmental regulations relating to mineral resource exploitation. “The changes could be made within the next six months," the official said.
He said there are almost 80 suggestions from the resource users for streamlining environment regulations. The Government was looking into them. Suggestion have been made regarding subjects such as automatic renewal for clearances for broken up area, deemed renewals and compensations.
Talking to media persons after the event, Abbsi said the Government was watchful as there is around 23 per cent rise in steel product import, particularly of alloy steel rebars from China, during the period between April and August. “It is a cause of concern,” he said. The Steel Ministry has alerted the Customs Department to check the standards and match the quality certifications of the imports.
“If the trend continues, we may consider antidumping duty," he explained. Under WTO norms, India has enough room for raising import duty on steel items, he added.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Expect topline growth to double by 2018: Bharat Forge02:30 pm
On the sidelines of the SIAM Convention, Baba Kalyani of Bharat Forge  said that by 2018 the company is likely to double its topline from last year.
“We will double our topline and so, growth will come from these new areas that we are going into. Growth will also come from the domestic economy getting a lot better than what it is. We have been rather unfortunate that domestic economy had lost all traction for the last more than 2-3 years,” he added.
Bharat Forge stock price
On September 15, 2014, Bharat Forge closed at Rs 891.60, down Rs 1.75, or 0.2 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 934.40 and the 52-week low was Rs 244.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 19.51 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 45.7. The latest book value of the company is Rs 115.67 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 7.71.
RELATED NEWS

July Industrial Output Growth Slows Down to 0.5%You are here: Home Economy
Industrial Output Growth Slumps to 0.5% in July
Reuters | Updated On: September 12, 2014 17:50 (IST)
New Delhi: India's industrial output grew a much slower-than-expected 0.5 per cent year-on-year in July, government data showed on Friday.
Analysts polled by Reuters had forecast the output to grow 1.8 per cent.
Industrial production expanded a provisional 3.4 per cent year-on-year in June.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

China is being forced to choose between air pollution and deadly earthquakesA bad situation from every angle.Reuters/China Photos
SHARE
Jeanne Kim @jeannesjkim
September 12, 2014
An engineer in China’s Sichuan provincial government  has uncovered data with deep environmental implications for the country.
There has long been speculation that some of China’s deadly earthquakes were caused by nearby dams and filling of reservoirs. If the findings of Fan Xiao, an engineer at the Sichuan Bureau of Geology and Mineral Resources, are accurate, they raise a serious question: Should China’s government stop operating its dams to reduce life-threatening quakes, even if it requires losing an important clean energy source?
China, the world’s leading carbon emitter, produced 9.9 billion tons, or  29% of the world’s  (pdf) CO2 emissions, in 2012 (the US came in second at 15%, producing 5.2 tons). A small step to reduce pollutive coal production—which makes up 70% of China’s energy—has been increasing the use of hydropower, now the country’s largest source of renewable energy. The Chinese government and companies have pledged to invest $275 billion  in pollution abatement by 2015.
But now Fan, who analyzed publicly available crude seismic data, has found a rough correlation between the filling of reservoirs used to generate hydropower and seismic activity in the surrounding area, which bolsters existing  research . Some of the recent quakes in question:
Ludian County earthquake (Aug. 3, 2014): There’s great speculation as to whether this earthquake, which killed nearly 600 people , was linked to two nearby dams, Xiangjiaba and Xiluodu. Some researchers think the dams couldn’t have caused the quake because water—which can induce quakes —wouldn’t have been able to reach the initial 12km rupture; however, others said that the sheer weight of the reservoir could rupture the critically stressed fault.
Sichuan and Yongshan County earthquakes (April 20 and Aug. 30, 2013): Caused by faults directly below the Xiluodu reservoir, these quakes are most likely to have erupted due to Xiluodu, according to geologists.
Sichuan earthquake (May 12, 2008): With a death toll of around 70,000 people, geologists debate whether it was linked to the filling of the Zipingpu reservoir in Sichuan province. Some researchers think that the reservoir partially triggered the quake; others said it expedited the earthquake’s coming.
Hubei province earthquakes (2003-2009): Areas near Hubei’s Three Gorges Dam, the world’s largest hydropower project  placed on the Yangtze River, saw 3,400 earthquakes registered during this period.
Dams and reservoirs pose other environmental problems: Organisms that once lived on dry ground and now inhabit reservoirs release methane gas  when they decompose. Large-scale dams can exacerbate droughts downstream. All the more reason why China’s plan to build 60 hydropower dams  by 2015, most of which will likely be along fault lines,  is cause for concern.
Share this:
Top News

Sensex continues flat trade; Cipla up  Hindalco downSensex continues flat trade; Cipla up  Hindalco down
Jan Dhan Yojana: Financial literacy spends of banks to qualify as CSRJan Dhan Yojana: Financial literacy spends of banks to qualify as CSR
K.R.Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 12:  
Financial literacy spends made by banks under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY) is all set to qualify as corporate social responsibility (CSR).
The Corporate Affairs Ministry has conveyed to the Finance Ministry that the financial literacy spends made by banks under PMJDY will be counted as CSR, Anurag Jain, Joint Secretary, Department of Financial Services (DFS), said at a seminar on financial inclusion, organised by Indo-American Chamber of Commerce here on Friday.
“We had already written to Corporate Affairs Ministry. They have actually given us one concession immediately that for financial literacy whatever banks are spending will be part of CSR. That explanation they have already given”, Jain said.
This spells some good news for banks, especially when the DFS efforts in getting them exempted from the mandatory 2 per cent CSR spend has proved futile.
While the DFS had written to the Corporate Affairs Ministry seeking exemption for banks from the mandatory 2 per cent CSR spend, the Corporate Affairs Ministry has reportedly rejected this request.
Aseem Chawla, Co-Chairman, Financial Services Committee, Indo-American Chamber of Commerce, said an enabling amendment has to be made in Schedule VII of the new company law and the related rules for banks to be able to claim the spend on financial literacy as CSR.
Anurag Jain said that all efforts are being taken by the banking system to ensure that the goals of PMJDY are achieved by January 26 next year.
“The main focus of the PMJDY is to ensure that villages of the country need to be benefited”
Chawla said that a great deal of improving and achieving sustainable livelihood for rural India depends on financial inclusion through the success of PMJDY.

July IIP slumps to 0.5%; August CPI declines to 7.8%Malini Bhupta |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 10:36 PM IST
Industrial, inflation data show imbalances persist
Inflation trajectory does not match the slump in demand, prolonged pause on rates likely
The macroeconomic data releases on Friday — inflation and industrial production — suggest the structural imbalances in the economy have not been eliminated. Industrial production growth as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) slumped to 0.5 per cent in July from 3.4 per cent in the previous month. While economists were expecting industrial output to decline, the July figure is well below the Street’s estimate of two per cent.
Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation in August also gives little comfort, as it eased to 7.8 per cent, a tad below the previous month’s 7.96 per cent. While CPI-based inflation continues to be marginally below the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s target of eight per cent in 2015, economists believe inflation is still high, given the current environment. Dhananjay Sinha, economist and strategist at Emkay Global, says: “The data do not reflect that there is an inflection yet and that RBI will hold on. For the current level of growth, the inflation is very high. Lower growth and poor demand should reflect in prices but that is not happened. There is no comfort on inflation yet and the central bank is unlikely to ease.” The buoyancy seen in industrial output in the first quarter of FY15 was largely due to higher consumption followed by excise duty cuts and higher government spending. Also, export orders contributed but with these moderating, the second quarter output is expected to remain between 1.75 per cent and two per cent.
Clustering of demand and excise duty cut led to demand improvement in consumer demand but industrial data for July shows consumer durable growth continues to be weak. The positive surprise witnessed in the first quarter is unlikely to persist. Consequently, economic growth is expected to remain in the range of 5.2-5.5 per cent and not inch closer to six per cent.
The inflation print continues to look worrying. In August, a large part of the rise in prices has been driven by a 16.8 per cent increase in vegetable prices. Though core inflation has declined to 6.9 per cent from 7.1 per cent, it is evident food prices will continue to be a problem for the government. So far, there is no evidence of the government coming up with a solution to tame this. For now, RBI will continue to hold rates, till there is greater comfort on prices.
 Advertisements

Rupee Ends at 60.65/Dollar; Best One-Day Gain in a MonthRupee Snaps 2-Day Fall, Closes at 60.92 Per Dollar
Mumbai: The rupee posted its biggest single-day gain in nearly a month on Friday as custodian banks and corporates sold the greenback aggressively, although broader sentiment remained cautious ahead of key events, including retail inflation later in the day.
India is due to post consumer price inflation data later on Friday, with a Reuters poll expecting it have eased to 7.80 per cent in August from July's 7.96 per cent.
Caution also remains ahead of a key week for global risk, with the Federal Reserve set to hold its policy meeting amidst concerns it may move to raise interest rates, while Scotland is due to hold its independence vote.
For the week, the rupee fell 0.5 per cent - its worst weekly fall since the week to August 1, with the domestic share market in a consolidation phase following a recent string of record highs, most recently on Monday.
"There was aggressive dollar selling by custodians and corporates today," said Vikas Babu Chittiprolu, a senior foreign exchange dealer with state-run Andhra Bank.
"The rupee will remain in a 60.50 to 61.30 broad range next week. On the CPI, market expects a slightly lower number than in July," he added.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.65/66 per dollar, 0.5 per cent stronger than its Thursday's close of 60.9250/9350. This is the rupee's best single-day performance since August 14.
Traders will continue to monitor movements in other Asian currencies and shares for near-term direction.
In India, overseas funds have bought a net $32.90 billion worth of debt and shares so far this year, but turned mild sellers in shares over the previous two sessions.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.03 while the three-month contract was at 61.62.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Excel Crop Care: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 12, 2014, 06.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Excel Crop Care: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Excel Crop Care has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 10, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Excel Crop Care: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Excel Crop Care has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 10, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Excel Crop Care Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 10, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

SC: 3% quota must for disabled in all government jobs including IAS#reservation #supreme court #differently abled #government jobs #ias
New Delhi: The Supreme Court has said that 3% reservation for differently-abled persons must be provided in all government jobs including IAS. The SC has also pulled the Centre for opposing the implementation of the quota.
A bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha said the disabled persons have not got their due in the last 19 years after framing of the Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation)  Act, which was passed in 1995.
The government's defense was that reservation cannot be given in two categories as it is not a case of appointment. The SC retorted by saying that the Centre is providing a narrow interpretation of the term appointment.
A bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha said the disabled persons have not got their due in the last 19 years after framing of the Persons with Disabilities (Equal Opportunities, Protection of Rights and Full Participation)  Act, which was passed in 1995.
Additional Solicitor General Pinky Anand, appearing for the Centre, contended that reservation cannot be given in case of promotion to Group A and Group B officers category as it is not a case of appointment.
The bench, however, observed that appointment is a broader concept and the Centre is giving a narrow interpretation of it.
"You are frustating the very reservation policy and cause of class for which Parliament passed the law," the bench said.
"For the last 19 years it is not being implemented and the class, for which the legislation was made, had not got benefited as it should have," the bench said.
The court dismissed the petition of Centre challenging order of Bombay High Court which had directed the Centre and the Union Public Service Commission to implement a 3 per cent quota in direct recruitments and promotions for the disabled in the IAS.

Maharashtra  Haryana Assembly elections on October 15  counting on October 19#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #haryana assembly elections 2014 #congress #bjp #bhupinder singh hooda #prithvirah chavan #election dates #october 15
New Delhi: The crucial Assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana will be held on October 15, announced Chief Election Commissioner VS Sampath on Friday. It will be a single phased election in both the states and counting of votes will take place on October 19.
While Haryana has 90 Assembly seats, Maharashtra has 288 seats.
Giving details of the election schedule, Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath said apart from these states, byelections will be conducted on the same day for five assembly seats in five states -Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Nagaland, Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat. Byelections for two Parliamentary constituencies in Maharashtra's Beed and Odisha's Kandhamal will also be held on October 15 and counting for all the seats will take place on October 19.
The Model Code of Conduct comes into effect immediately for all the seats going to polls, Sampath said.
Notification for polls will be issued on September 20 and last date for filing nomination is September 27 for all seats except Kandhamal for which the notification will be on September 19 and last date of nomination is September 26.
Asked about elections in Jammu and Kashmir, which is witnessing worst-ever floods, Sampath said the Commission was watching the situation very closely in the state and "a decision will be taken after things come to some shape".
The Election Commissioner said Haryana assembly's term will expire on October 27 while Maharashtra assembly's would end on November 8.
However, there was still some time for the terms of J&K and Jharkhand assemblies to expire, he added.
Last day of filing of nomination for the Assembly elections is September 27. The applications will be scrutinised on September 29.
There are 90 seats in Haryana Assembly of which Congress occupies 40. Indian National Lok Dal has 31 MLAs in the Assembly and Bharatiya Janata Party just four.
Congress which was reduced to just 2 seats in the Lok Sabha, has 82 seats in the Maharashtra Assembly. Its ally Nationalist Congress Party has 62 seats. BJP and Shiv Sena combine occupies 90 seats in the Assembly.
Assembly elections are a crucial test for the both the Congress and BJP. While a victory in these polls will come as a breather for the Congress which is yet to recover from the humiliating defeat in the Lok Sabha elections, for BJP it will be a reassurance that it holds weight in the battle for states.
(With inputs from PTI)

Wall St set for slight losses at open after dataWall St. flat, but energy shares lower
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Reuters
Financial Markets
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened little changed on Monday as traders gauged the effect of tumbling crude oil prices, with the energy sector falling but bullish outlooks for retail and other consumer stocks.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 6.29 points, or 0.04 percent, to 16,993.8, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 0.26 points, or 0.01 percent, to 1,985.28 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 0.84 points, or 0.02 percent, to 4,566.76.

Malala Yousufzais attackers arrested: Pak armyMalala, then 15, was shot in her head by Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) gunmen in October 2012 in northwestern Swat valley. (Source: IE archive)
Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 12, 2014 6:46 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 7:15 pm
The 10 Taliban militants who tried to kill Pakistani teenage activist Malala Yousafzai for her outspoken views on girls’ education in the country’s troubled northwest in 2012 have been arrested, the Pakistani army announced on Friday.
Malala, then 15, was shot in her head by Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) gunmen in October 2012 in northwestern Swat valley.
She has since recovered from the assault , which shocked the world and catapulted her to international fame for her courageous and determined fight for education rights to all children.
Two other students were also injured in the attack.
Director General of Inter Services Public Relations (DG ISPR) Asim Saleem Bajwa said the 10 arrested militants have revealed that the mastermind of the attack on the schoolgirls was TTP commander Mullah Fazlullah.
“This was an intelligence-led operation, and police were also involved in the case,” Bajwa was quoted as saying by the Express Tribune.
Bajwa said the group of the arrested militants hail from Malakand, close to Mingora, the main town of Swat where Malala was attacked.
The arrests came as part of the Pakistani military’s ongoing all-out assault on the TTP and other militant outfits in North Waziristan.
Malala, after narrowly surviving the assassination bid, was taken to Britain with her family for treatment.
She now lives in Birmingham, where she was flown for specialist treatment after the shooting.
She came to public attention in 2009 when she wrote a diary for BBC Urdu about life under Taliban militants who had taken control of the valley.
The teenage activist was named one of Time magazine’s most influential persons of 2013 , and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. She has also released an autobiography recently.
In July last year, her address to the UN General Assembly where she vowed she would never be silenced earned her a standing ovation.
She was awarded the EU’s prestigious Sakharov human rights prize last year.
Malala, after narrowly surviving the assassination bid, was taken to Britain with her family for treatment.

Third edition of India Bike Week to be held in Feb 2015Express News Service | Posted: September 12, 2014 6:35 pm
The biggest Biking Mayhem of Asia is back for the third time! The Seventy Event Media Group has teamed up with travel & lifestyle channel FOX life to bring the third edition of India Bike Week. Martin Da Costa, CEO, Seventy Event Media Group and Keertan Adhyantaya, MD, FOX Life, have announced that the event will take place on 20th and 21st February, 2015 at Vagator in Goa. The tickets for this glitzy event will be on sale from 7th October onwards for Rs.3000, with a special 5-Hour early bird scheme of 50% off on the purchase of second ticket. Just like the last two editions, Harley-Davidson will be the principal sponsor of the event for this edition as well.
The India Bike Week is considered to be bikers’ heaven, which gives them an opportunity to get indulged in the pure sphere of biking, by meeting the bikers from across the globe, sharing their personal stories, experiences and knowledge with them and participating in the fanciful events which are not short of a visual treat, such as ‘The Travel Zone’ and ‘Bike Builders Collective’, coupled up with various racing events too. There will be a special ‘IBW Arena’ too, which will be sporting stage for vibrant activities such as musical rock band shows, stunts and demos.
After announcing the dates, Martin Da Costa said, “Have better stories to tell? India Bike 2015 is about creating these stories. IBW is not about brands and models, anyone who wishes to be a rider is welcome, and anyone with a love for bikes and love of the road is welcome. Indian Biking brotherhood is just getting bigger in 2015.”
Keertan Adyanthaya further added, “Asia’s biggest motorcycle party is back, India Bike Week brings alive various elements close to a biker’s heart – rock concerts, custom bike build off, stunt arena, showcase of the most amazing motorcycles from across the world including vintage bikes, etc. In the last 2 years IBW inspired a new generation of bikers, and we are thrice as thrilled about 2015 as we expect to create an aura around the event that will make it a destination hard to be missed.”
Apart from announcing the India Bike Week, both the big houses also decided to bring an India Bike Week Season, which is essentially a 6-month calendar full of biking activities. Apart from this, they also announced India Bike Week Tour, which will be a short summary of the whole two-day event of IBW and will be held in eight cities, namely, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Surat, Jaipur, Pune, Coimbatore, Manipal and Kochi, in order to enhance the biking culture amongst around 32,000 enthusiasts continued…

Indian-origin nurse blamed herself in royal hoax casePrint
Husband of late nurse Jacintha Saldanha, second left, accompanied by his son Junal, left, daughter Lisha, second right, Labour MP Keith Vaz, center, and an unidentified man, right, arrive for an inquest into her death, at the Royal Courts of Justice (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 12, 2014 6:28 pm
India-born nurse Jacintha Saldanha, found hanging at a hospital here days after receiving a hoax call about Kate Middleton’s first pregnancy, blamed herself for releasing intimate details about the Dutchess’s condition.
An inquest into her death at the Royal Courts of Justice in London was told that the 46-year-old mother of two had sent distressed emails addressed to her colleagues insisting “it’s all my fault”.
Saldanha, originally from Mangalore in Karnataka, was found dead in the nursing accommodation of King Edward VII hospital days after staff were tricked into revealing details of Kate Middleton’s pregnancy to two Australian radio DJs posing as Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles back in December 2012.
She had answered the call and transferred it on to the duty nurse on the Duchess of Cambridge’s ward.
She later wrote to the nurse who had been looking after the Duchess on the night of the prank to apologise for putting the call through to her.
“I am terribly sorry for transferring the call to you. At that moment, in the time, with that voice, I couldn’t even think of anything else,” she wrote.
“It’s all my fault and I feel very bad about this and getting you involved. Please accept my apologies. If there was anything I could do to mend it, I would do it but it’s all in their hands.
“I am very upset and don’t know what to do, things are all going in the wrong direction for me at the moment,” she added.
In the message, sent the day after the prank call, she went on: “Please blame me for this, I accept the fault is mine. I should have checked before I gave the call to you so it was my fault. I can only say sorry -– please accept my apologies.”
Saldanha told other colleagues she had believed the prank was a genuine call from the Queen.
The Duchess was being treated for acute morning sickness when DJs Melissa Greig and Michael Christian called the hospital pretending to be the Queen.
The inquest also heard how Saldanha had shown no previous signs of mental illness or depression.
Her husband, Benedict Barboza, told the court his wife had never given him any cause for concern and said her death came as a “complete shock”.
Saldanha was the night nurse-in-charge of the three-ward private hospital on December 4, 2012 when the call was made, and her duties included answering the phone as no receptionist was on duty at night.
Matron Caroline Cassells said she tried to reassure Saldanha and there had been no mention of disciplinary action.
Though both nurses had breached protocol, “we felt it was a nasty trick”.
She broke down on the stand as she described receiving Saldanha’s email, the day before continued…
I am terribly sorry for transferring the call to you. At that moment, in the time, with that voice, I couldn't even think of anything else.

Ensure power supply at exam centres  HC tells Maharashtra govtPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 12, 2014 6:10 pm
The Bombay High Court on  Friday directed the Maharashtra government to ensure uninterrupted electricity supply in schools during SSC and HSC examinations in October and asked it to depute officers in all examination centres to assess the power situation and suggest measures.
A bench of Justice Abhay Oka was hearing a contempt petition filed by activist Vishnu Gawli alleging that there was load shedding during examinations in areas where the centres were located.
The court asked the Education Secretary, who was present during the proceedings, to send officers to all the examination centres and find out whether more generators were required. The judges directed the government to make an assessment and file a report by September 23 on the power situation in the state during examinations.
The bench was of the opinion that besides providing generators, the state would have to ensure that there was no load shedding during the examinations.
Government counsel V P Malvankar informed the court that the state was doing its best to ensure that there was no load shedding during examinations. He submitted a written note by the Education department which said that there has been a lot of improvement in power situation in the recent times.
However, the bench was not satisfied with the stand taken by the government and asked Advocate General Darius Khambata to appear in this matter on behalf of the state as this petition raised a serious issue concerning students.
Last week, the court had pulled up the state for its apathy towards students due to load shedding in schools during examinations.
“Why was there no load shedding during festivals? Why only load shedding at examination centres?” the judges had questioned the state.

Madurai: Two college girls suffer burns in acid attackPrint
Written by Arun Janardhanan | Madurai | Posted: September 12, 2014 5:54 pm
Two college girls suffered burns in an acid attack by two youths near Madurai around 1.30 pm on Friday.
S Angaleeswari, 19 and M. Meena, 19, flanked by their friends were on their way to a see a movie when the two-wheeler borne youths threw acid on them and sped away.
Angaleeswari, doing 2nd year BA English and Meena, a 1st year student doing the same course in Madurai Kamaraj university, suffered serious burns on their shoulders and back.
Both were referred to Madurai government Rajaji hospital. The motive behind the attack is not confirmed immediately even as “family dispute” was cited as a reason.
 

Rupee surges 28 paise to end at 60.65 vs dollarRupee surges 28 paise to end at 60.65 against US dollar
PTI  Mumbai, September 12, 2014
First Published: 10:26 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:11 IST(12/9/2014)
Comments
The Indian rupee on Friday gained 28paise, notching up its best daily gain in a month, to end strong at 60.65 against the greenback on heavy dollar selling by banks and exporters amid positive cues from equity markets.
A weak dollar overseas and capital inflows also helped the rupee rally for the second straight day, forex dealers said. This helped the rupee to end with gain of 26 paise for the week, the sixth straight weekly rise.
Against its major global rivals, the dollar index was trading lower by 0.03%. This was ahead of some economic data and Fed's meeting on rates early next week.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency commenced lower at 60.97 a dollar from last close of 60.93 and immediately touched a low of 61.03.
It, later rebounded on dollar selling by exporters and some banks amid better domestic stocks to a high of 60.6450.
It finally settled at 60.65, a rise of 28 paise or 0.46%.
This was its best daily gain since the 45-paise rise on August 14, 2014.
The government is scheduled to release Industrial Production (IIP) data for July and inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for August 2014 after market hours later on Friday.
Trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.10 to 61.00, said Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group.
The BSE Sensex on Friday recouped 65.17 points, or 0.24%, ahead of the announcement of key macro-economic data later in the day today. FPIs/FIIs had picked up shares worth USD 77.48 million on Thursday, as per provisional data.
In forwards market on Friday, premium continued its downslide on consistent receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February eased to 232.5-234 paise from overnight close of 234-236 paise.
Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 also dipped to 483-485.5 paise from 487-489 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.8044 and for the euro at 78.6418.
The rupee also recovered against the pound to 98.34 from 98.97 previously while improved further to 78.44 per euro from 78.72. It also remained firm to end at 56.60 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.87.

ICICI Bank raises $500 million from overseas marketsPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 05:54 PM IST
ICICI Bank raises $500 million from overseas markets
ICICI Bank has raised USD 500 million (about Rs 3,000 crore) from overseas markets by selling its bonds to fund foreign expansion plans.
ICICI Bank has raised $500 million (about Rs 3,000 crore) from overseas markets by selling its bonds to fund foreign expansion plans.
The bank, acting through its Dubai branch, floated 5.5 year fixed rate notes under Rule 144A/Reg S format, ICICI Bank said in a statement.
The 144A/Reg S status allows the bond to be sold to qualified institutional buyers in the US without the need to register the issue with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
"The notes carry a coupon of 3.50% and were offered at an issue price of 99.653," it said.
Last year, ICICI Bank had raised $750 million in a 5.5-year overseas bond sale at a coupon of 4.80%.
 Advertisements

SIAM convention 2014 snippetsBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 05:46 PM IST
SIAM convention 2014 snippets
Leading global automobile companies ranging from General Motors to Honda and Nissan today said the government should remove 'obstacles' and make policies more business friendly if India has to successfully achieve Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make In India' goal.
Leading global automobile companies ranging from General Motors to Honda and Nissan today said the government should remove 'obstacles' and make policies more business friendly if India has to successfully achieve Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Make In India' goal. They highlighted issues such as difficulties in getting business permits to taxation structure, hurdles in infrastructure and logistics, which they said are acting as 'obstacles' in the growth of the auto industry here.
Fumihiko Ike, chairman, Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association (JAMA), said, "There are considerable number of obstacles to doing business in this country. It is hoped that such obstacles will be cleared away under the new leadership of Prime Minister Modi."
Ike urged for the earliest possible introduction of a single, uniform national GST and said: "The investment environment in India for Japanese companies should greatly improve once these complicated taxation problems are resolved."
Nissan Motor Company Senior Vice President and Chairman for Africa, Middle East and India Takashi Hata concurred: "Simplify the vendor duty drawback scheme. This (India) is not the easiest country to get this."
Stefan Jacoby, executive vice-president, General Motors said "policies that are both rational and transparent - such as a GST - will go a long way towards encouraging companies to invest locally for the long term." Jacoby urged the government to look into flexible labour reforms - an area where India lags behind other industrialized economies.
M&M set to launch more petrol vehicles, compact SUV next year
Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M) will increase its range of petrol engine-powered vehicles, starting with a compact sports utility vehicle (SUV) to be launched next year. Pawan Goenka, executive director, M&M, said, "We are developing a 1.2-litre petrol engine for the compact SUV we will launch next year. Also, we have a 1.6-litre petrol engine available from our Korean subsidiary Ssangyong." The company plans to have more petrol vehicles to counter any possible decline in demand for diesel vehicles due to the reducing price differential between petrol and diesel fuel.
Hero MotoCorp to launch three new models early 2015
The country's largest two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp today said it plans to launch three new models including two new scooters early next year. Besides, it plans to begin the construction of its Gujarat unit soon and operationalise the facility by third quarter of next financial year.
Hero said it is looking at introducing 12 refreshed products during the upcoming festive season. The company said there is some pressure on pricing and corrections may take place.
Hero is looking at entering markets in Argentina, Brazil and United States over the next two years.
The company is researching on introducing a diesel hybrid motorcycles, an electric motorcycle and is also looking at an acquisition in the battery technology space.
Production from HMSI's fourth plant to be delayed
Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) today said the commissioning of its fourth unit in Gujarat will be delayed by about a quarter and will start production in the beginning of 2016. Keita Muramatsu, president and CEO, HMSI, said, "Due to the elections earlier this year, there has been a delay in the start of work at the Gujarat plant. We expect to start production at the plant in first quarter of 2016 instead of last quarter of 2015 as planned earlier. " The company is investing Rs 1,000 crore to set up the plant that will have an annual capacity of 1.2 million units. The company will have a total annual production capacity of 5.8 million when the fourth plant at Gujarat goes on full steam.
Ford to launch four models over the next 20 months
Ford Motor Co plans to launch four new car models in India over the next 20 months. Nigel Harris, president, Ford India said, "Within the next 18-20 months we plan to launch four new models in India." Ford had said in 2010 it would launch eight new models, based on its global car platforms, in India by the end of 2015. The company is unlikely to meet this target the company due to the slowdown in the domestic market.
Honda Cars acquiring land for third unit in India
Honda Cars India has started acquiring land in Gujarat for a future manufacturing facility in the country. Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice-president (marketing & sales), Honda Cars India said, "We have 450 acres of land in Tapukara compared to 150 acres in greater Noida. There is scope for expansion in Tapukara. We have started acquiring land in Gujarat for long-term need."
Honda is looking at starting a second shift in its Tapukara unit in November, Sen said, as it raises capacity to meet demand for Mobilio and City, which has a waiting list of three months. The company is looking at re-introducing the current generation Accord in the Indian market in the next financial year.
 Advertisements

Eskay Speciality has grown 35% over 2 yearsStory
All in the Family
The company, which posted revenue of Rs 45 crore in 2013/14, has grown about 35 per cent annually over the past two years.
Ketan Shah, CEO of Eskay Speciality Chemicals. Photo: Shailesh Rawal.
BT-YES Bank Best SME Survey
 
ESKAY SPECIALITY CHEMICALS
The Rs 600-crore SK Group, of which Eskay Speciality Chemicals is a part, has never roped in any investors from outside the founding Shah family.
This is because whenever one part of the business requires money other units chip in, says Ketan Shah, CEO of Eskay Speciality and one of seven cousins who run the group. Eskay Speciality was set up in 2006 and makes niche chemicals that are used in the making of ointments and medicines.
VIDEO: What makes Eskay Speciality Chemicals stand out The company, which posted revenue of Rs 45 crore in 2013/14, has grown about 35 per cent annually over the past two years. That pace will be difficult to maintain as the company grows, says Shah, who is looking at a more realistic 22 per cent to 25 per cent.
The company gets nearly 80 per cent of its revenue from exports, mainly to the US and Europe. Shah says the company has about 25 customers, including the likes of Sanofi, Procter & Gamble, and Novartis.
Clients vouch for the company. Pradeep Thakur, who heads the India sourcing arm of US-based pharmaceuticals and chemicals company Aceto, has been an Eskay customer for more than decade. He says the company is profit-oriented but doesn't try to exploit customers who are bound by tough regulatory concerns. Eskay also looks after the interests of its customers, he says, adding: "We have never lost business because of [Eskay's] greed."

RuPay Sees Boost From Government Banking SchemeYou are here: Home Corporates
Card Payment Network RuPay Sees Boost From Government Banking Scheme
Reuters | Updated On: September 14, 2014 17:24 (IST)
Alibaba to Boost IPO Size on 'Overwhelming' Demand: Report
Mumbai: A government drive to expand banking services in India is giving a boost to home-grown card payment network RuPay, which expects to quadruple the number of users by March and make debit cards more acceptable in a nation where cash is still king.
Started in 2012 by a company owned by 10 local and foreign banks, RuPay competes with global payment firms Visa Inc and MasterCard Inc for the few customers in Asia's third largest economy able to afford a debit or credit card.
As of July, banks issued just under 435 million payment cards in India, a nation of 1.3 billion people. Most were debit cards.
RuPay's share of daily card transactions, however, remains small compared to the global firms, which are more established, offer both debit and credit cards and are accepted by more retailers. RuPay currently offers only debit cards.
RuPay users account for just 1.5 per cent of daily card transactions of almost one million at retailers, said A.P. Hota, chief executive of the National Payments Corp of India (NPCI), which runs RuPay.
Hota told Reuters the payments network was set to grow rapidly from the government's so-called financial inclusion scheme, which aims to ensure the majority of households has a bank account within months.
Under the scheme launched late in August, Indians who open a bank account for the first time automatically get a RuPay card.
Hota said the number of RuPay users has now almost doubled from 23 million at the end of July.
By March next year, he expects that number to rise to 160 million, with more than 60 per cent of the increase coming from the government scheme.
"Jan Dhan itself would provide a big opportunity for the domestic card brand to be a formidable force," said Hota, referring to the financial inclusion scheme, Jan Dhan Yojana, which means People's Wealth Scheme.
"(RuPay Card transactions are) just a drop in the ocean at the moment. But drop by drop we are increasing our size."
NPCI is also trying to lure more customers by charging banks lower fees than Visa and MasterCard, Hota added.
Visa and MasterCard did not reply to Reuters' requests seeking comment.
NPCI's shareholders include India's biggest bank, the State Bank of India, and foreign lenders Citibank and HSBC. The Reserve Bank of India bank has a nominee on its board.
The organisation plans to launch RuPay cards that will be accepted overseas through a partnership with Discover Financial Services, Hota said, and is also in talks with Japanese card network JCB about a partnership.
RuPay had aimed to issue credit cards by March 2015, but those plans have now been delayed by the government scheme, Hota said. "Rural acceptance of the Jan Dhan cards will be our priority," he added.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

J&K government ignored deluge of flood warningJammu & Kashmir government ignored deluge of flood warning
Mail Today Bureau     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 11, 2014  | 17:05 IST
A flood hitting Srinagar would leave "most parts of the city submerged", a senior official of the department had told a local daily. The report was uncannily spoton.
A deluge of warnings on J&K ignored they knew it was coming. They must have because there were enough warnings, and the clearest came by the truckload.
Four years ago, the Flood Control Department of Jammu formulated a dire but accurate warning on the state's summer capital being flooded by an intense spell of rain.
The report and its copies weighed roughly a tonne, and the heavy-duty consignment was sent to the Union Ministry of Water Resources in a truck. Nothing of note happened after delivery, certainly not enough to make any difference to what was inevitably around the corner.
Then there's a depressingly prescient study of Srinagar's water bodies that is sitting in the Ministry of Environment and Forests. Carried out by GIS Laboratory, Jammu & Kashmir State Remote Sensing Centre, it says that more than 50 per cent of the water bodies in Srinagar have been lost during the last century.
Scientists Humayun Rashid and Gowhar Naseem used satellite imagery to study shrinking of lakes between 1911 and 2004. "The loss in the spatial extent of these lakes and wetlands has affected the micro-climate of the city besides exposing it to flood threat," they said.
The Srinagar of old, the two scientists said, had a unique ecological set up with extensive areas under wetlands, lakes and water channels.
"Though siltation brought about in lakes and wetlands especially during floods was natural, yet subsequent encroachment, earth-filling, planting and construction by individuals and converting water channels into roads, presents a living example of how these valuable assets of natural landscape of Srinagar were destroyed," the report said.
It explained how the micro-climate evolution has been fostered by "undesired land use change", and pointed to the "acute problem of drainage since these wetlands and lakes acted as sponges during the floods".
Impact
On Wednesday, as the bold rescue effort led by the armed forces expanded without losing momentum in Jammu and Kashmir and Chief Minister Omar Abdullah declared he could not "stop rain", the Delhi-based Centre for Science and Environment pointed to climate change as a possible villain (see accompanying reports).
Invoking recent flooding tragedies like Leh in 2010 and Uttarakhand last year, the CSE said that although climate change was a process, the current trend over last 10 years reveals that "it has an impact".
The Flood Control Department report of 2010 had said that Srinagar was likely to face a major catastrophe in the next five years and that the department had nothing in place to save lives and property.
A flood hitting Srinagar would leave "most parts of the city submerged", a senior official of the department had told a local daily. The report was uncannily spoton.
"The Srinagar-Jammu highway may be washed away, leaving the Valley cut off from the rest of the country," it said, adding that the road "leading to the airport would also be submerged". The Flood Control Department was more than just a doomsayer. It formulated a Rs 2,200-crore plan, seeking about a fourth of that immediately to put basic infrastructure in place.
Then prime minister Manmohan Singh had backed the suggested plan, promising priority release of a first installment. Saying four years were needed to put the plan into action, then minister for flood control and irrigation Taj Mohi-ud-Din had gone public with his appeal, telling mediapersons that he had taken up the matter with the Centre because the threat was "too imminent to be ignored".
Four years have indeed gone by, and Srinagar's lack of floodproofing has cost it dear.

Forget Alibaba! 10 IPOs doubled your moneyForget Alibaba! 10 IPOs doubled your money
By: Matt Krantz September 11, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
(Jefferson Graham, USA TODAY)
Investors are gearing up for the biggest-ever initial public offering of Alibaba. But there’s no reason to wait around to get some massive gains from new stock.
So far this year, there have been 10 initial public offerings, including video-camera maker GoPro (GPRO) , restaurant chain El Pollo Loco (LOCO) and online car seller TrueCar (TRUE) , that have shot up 100% or more from their offering prices, according to IPOScoop.com.
These stellar performances highlight just how robust the IPO market has been this year. The IPO market reflects sentiment about the broad market, so with the Standard & Poor’s 500 flying to near highs, IPOs are benefiting royally. And if the sentiment remains high, that bodes well for the record-breaking IPO of Alibaba, expected over the next week or so.
And it’s not just a few high-flying IPOs that are busting higher. The Renaissance IPO ETF, which holds shares in recent offerings, is up nearly 8% over the past three months, blowing away the 2.3% gain of the S&P 500 during that same time.
Source: MSN Money
Much of the strong performance is due to the IPOs that have doubled, many of which coming public over the past three months. These powerful recent gainers are helping the IPO market overcome its earlier stumbles and top the broad market this year. The Renaissance IPO ETF is up 8.7% this year, edging past the 8% gain of the S&P 500.
Source: MSN Money
The year’s biggest IPO winner so far has been GoPro. The company has jumped 185% from the offering price of $24, closing at $68.47 on Wednesday. Investors have been thrilled by the camera maker’s financial performance since coming public on June 26. Most recently, the company topped June earnings expectations by 14%.
Coming in fourth place is citrus-grilled chicken chain El Pollo Loco. Shares have gone crazy, gaining 142% from their offering price of $15 a share back in late July. The company missed earnings expectations for the June quarter by 6%, but investors were willing to ignore that since revenue beat views by about 1%. The offering was attractively priced at the start, giving investors plenty of upside potential.
But while these IPOs have been runaway winners, that doesn’t mean that they are  screaming buys now. Both GoPro and El Pollo Loco have average analysts rates of “hold.” And on Wall Street, hold means sell. These stocks have run up — turning into magic for investors — but hopefully the gains won’t evaporate as fast as you can say Alibaba.
Below is a table of the 10 IPOs that have started trading this year that have gained 100% or more from their offering prices:
*

Activision s Destiny video game posts sales of $500MActivision Blizzard, Inc.
Activision's Destiny video game posts sales of $500M
Activision, the largest U.S. video-game maker, said its highly-anticipated shooter title, Destiny, generated $500 million in revenue in its first day.
Activision, the largest U.S. video-game maker, said its highly-anticipated shooter title, Destiny, generated $500 million in revenue in its first day.

Shalimar Paints mulls Rs.100 cr capital infusionUpdated: September 11, 2014 23:56 IST
Shalimar Paints mulls Rs.100 cr capital infusion
K. T. Jagannathan
company information
Expansion plan has a strong south focus
Shalimar Paints is looking at a capital infusion of Rs.100 crore as the country’s oldest paint maker has embarked on a major come back business plan. It is evaluating capital infusion through PE (private equity) and other routes, and has mandated Axis Capital for this exercise.
Gurgaon-headquartered company has embarked on a major growth plan under which it seeks to focus more on decorative business, which presently contributes about two thirds of its total revenue. The capital infusion plan is primarily intended to support is expansion plans and also to beef up the valuation of the company.
“Our target is to raise about Rs.100 crore of equity. We are looking at PE as a preferred option. We are a significantly under-valued company. The existing shareholders don’t want to dilute, and are asking for a premium. As we are expecting slightly higher valuation, this exercise may take some time. However, we are fixed on a target of completing this exercise in six months,” Sameer Nagpal, Managing Director & CEO, Shalimar Paints, told The Hindu.
The perception about the industry was healthy as it was recording a steady growth, he said. And, the margin profile was also improving, he pointed out. “Also, water-based paints are also gaining momentum when compared with solvent-based paints. There are a host of positive indicators for investors,” he said.
The Rs.546-crore company, in the meanwhile, has embarked on a slew of initiatives to improve its visibility and revenue. A stronger engagement with distributors and painters, initiation of branding programmes, and launch of new products at regular intervals were among these initiatives, he said. All these would be aimed at boosting its decorative business, he added. The company, he said, was expecting the decorative business to grow at 25 per cent in the coming years.
The business expansion strategy of Shalimar has a strong south flavour in it, as the company bets big on southern region for future growth and revenue. “There are several indicators for a strong growth in southern market,” Mr. Nagpal said. Its south focus would strongly be supported by the upcoming new manufacturing unit for decorative at Gummidipoondi near here. This new facility - coupled with a new distribution centre in Coimbatore - would help the company to significantly reduce its costs, he said.
Shalimar has made an initial investment of Rs.44 crore in the new plant. It plans to increase it to Rs.75 crore over phases.
The plant is expected to be ready by January 2015.

Extension of duty sops likely for auto unitsNEW DELHI, September 11, 2014
Updated: September 11, 2014 23:59 IST
Extension of duty sops likely for auto units
PTI
automobile
The government is looking at the proposal for extending the excise duty concessions to the automobile sector beyond December, a move that would provide further relief to automakers.
“We have already discussed the proposal (to extend excise duties beyond December) that the incentives provided (to the auto sector) should be continued. The government will take a decision in this regard at the appropriate time,” Heavy Industries Minister Anant Geete told reporters on the sidelines of the ACMA conference here.
Meanwhile, government sources said the Heavy Industry Ministry was likely to send a proposal to the Finance Ministry regarding extension of excise duty concession till March 31, 2015. In a relief to the automobile and consumer durable sectors, the government in June extended the excise duty concession by six months to December 31. The concessions were earlier valid till June 30.
The government had cut the excise duty on cars, SUVs and two-wheelers as well as consumer durables in the Interim Budget in February to help the industry tide over a demand slump.
Asked about the auto recall policy, Mr. Geete said: “We are taking all steps to boost the automobile sector and the (auto recall) policy will be framed with that objective.’’
The Heavy Industry Ministry is mulling over a policy of mandatory recalls, which will do away with the current system of voluntary recalls by auto companies.
Regarding the National Electricity Mobility Mission Plan, for electric vehicles, Mr. Geete said: “We want to start the plan from Delhi. We will soon roll out the Plan from Delhi.’’ The Mission Plan projects a potential for 6-7 million units of new vehicles sales of electric vehicles (EVs) by 2020.

The millennials-vs.-olds culture war has been greatly exaggeratedBy Caitlin Dewey September 11 Follow @caitlindewey
A millennial texting, as millennials do. (By Chuck Snyder – special to the Washington Post)
Pew Research published a fascinating study  Wednesday on young Americans and media use that found, among other things, that people aged 16 to 29 — a.k.a., millennials (hiss) — read lots of books , socialize regularly with friends and family, and understand that much of the world’s wealth of wisdom/knowledge is not available online.
What the study also found, if not quite so literally: Millennials and older adults aren’t all that different in the way they approach technology. In other words, the whole culture war between “youngs” and “olds” — defined, in our estimation, as the people who “get” technology and the people who vaguely hate it – has been a little overblown. And, to the dismay of a thousand baby-boomer trend-piece writers, the generational differences between young people and their elders may be smaller than we think, as well.
What? You may say. But my mom just learned how to use her iPhone!
Or: But kids these days are on Facebook all the time!
Both of those things may very well be true; in fact, there are well-established and not particularly surprising generational gaps in everything from cellphone and social media use to frequency of selfie-sharing to number of Facebook friends . (The average millennial has 250; a “younger boomer” has 98.) But in this particular study, researchers asked participants not just about online media, but also about more analog forms, like books, music and TV. More important, they asked how young people felt about that media — and the results were pretty striking.
Millennials are as likely as older adults to visit a library, for instance. They’re as likely to read a book on a daily basis — and more likely to have read one in the past year.
Millennials believe that a lot of “important information” is not available on the Internet — in contrast to their older peers, who seem to believe, naively, that the Web is some magical depository of every conceivable nugget of fact.
And to conclusively round the whole thing out, Millennials are more likely to socialize with friends and family daily — and to go to communal social events, like concerts and basketball games — than are their older peers.
Contrast that with this charming description  from the New York Times:
You know them when you see them. They are tapping on their smartphones, strolling into work late and amassing Instagram followers faster than a twerking cat. They complain. They “disrupt” stuff. They simultaneously (and somewhat improbably) like both Kanye West and Kenny Chesney. They are … millenials.
Or this one, from Time’s cover story on the “Me Me Me Generation,” which we can probably thank for kicking off the whole trend:
Millennials are interacting all day but almost entirely through a screen. You’ve seen them at bars, sitting next to one another and texting. They might look calm, but they’re deeply anxious about missing out on something better.
To be clear, this particular Pew study didn’t look at things like how much time millennials spend “tapping on their smartphones,” or how anxious they feel about “missing out.” (Isn’t everyone anxious about missing out? It seems implicit in the term.) But those claims are all just facets of a consumptive cultural narrative — that millennials are addicted to the Internet, that they’re intellectually listless, that they’re eternal adolescents — that Pew’s results do, indirectly, call into question.
Perhaps there’s another, related cautionary tale here, as well: Statistics, taken in isolation, never necessarily tell the full story.
Sure, kids these days love themselves some Facebook — but they read a lot of books, too. Sounds like even the “Me Generation” is okay, after all.
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410463496/1410463496000/1410463496 tracking: {authors=Caitlin Dewey, blog_name=the-intersect, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=the-millennials-vs-olds-culture-war-has-been-greatly-exaggerated, post_id=3013, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 7:24:56 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 7:24:56 PM

Editorial Comment: Junckers shrewd choicesSeptember 11, 2014 6:40 pm
Juncker’s shrewd choices for Brussels
Commission president shows he wants to make a mark
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5e754d8a-39a8-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas ancestry sleuthsSeptember 11, 2014 2:12 pm
My China Roots and the poser for the diaspora’s ancestry sleuths
By Lucy Hornby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f3e80cf4-3516-11e4-a2c2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Millennials Are Better-Read  Vastly Superior to Rest of Population  Says ScienceSept. 15 2014 9:53 AM So 200 Reporters Walk into a Field in Iowa... David Weigel
Live at Politics & Prose
Sept. 15 2014 9:48 AM So We Read On Maureen Corrigan discusses her new book at Politics & Prose. Mike Vuolo
Brow Beat
Sept. 15 2014 9:05 AM Watch Conan O’Brien Sing the Monorail Song David Haglund
Future Tense
Sept. 15 2014 8:08 AM Techno Sapiens: The Tacocopter Edition A Future Tense podcast about whether machines will solve our problems, or make them worse. Marvin Ammori and Christine Rosen
Bad Astronomy
Sept. 15 2014 7:30 AM Polar Vortex Excursions Linked to Global Warming Phil Plait
Music
Sept. 14 2014 11:44 PM A Little Bit Softer Now, a Little Bit Softer Now … The sad, gradual decline of the fade-out in popular music. William Weir
Brow Beat
Sept. 14 2014 7:10 PM Watch Michael Winslow Perform Every Part of “Whole Lotta Love” With Just His Voice Sharan Shetty
Jurisprudence
Sept. 14 2014 2:37 PM When Abuse Is Not Abuse Don’t expect Adrian Peterson to go to prison. In much of America, beating your kids is perfectly legal.  Mark Joseph Stern
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 2:36 PM Liberal Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders May Run for President in 2016 as Democrat Daniel Politi
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 12:33 PM North Korea Sentences 24-Year-Old American to Six Years of Hard Labor Daniel Politi
Behold
Sept. 14 2014 11:00 AM The Crumbling and Abandoned Remains of Italy’s Once-Grand Discotheques  Jordan  G. Teicher
New Scientist
Sept. 14 2014 8:38 AM Scientific Misconduct Should Be a Crime It’s as bad as fraud or theft, only potentially more dangerous. Rachel Nuwer
Bad Astronomy
Sept. 14 2014 8:00 AM Volcanado Phil Plait
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 2:24 AM Cops Briefly Detain Django Unchained Actress Because They Thought She Was a Prostitute Daniel Politi
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 1:29 AM Mark Sanford’s Fiancée Surprised by his Facebook Post Announcing Breakup Daniel Politi
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 12:29 AM ISIS Releases Video Showing Beheading of British Aid Worker David Haines Daniel Politi
Brow Beat
Sept. 13 2014 4:47 PM The Simpsons’ Groundskeeper Willie Shares His Thoughts on Scottish Independence Sharan Shetty
  News & Politics

Ohio ban on knowingly false statements in political campaigns is unconstitutionalSusan B. Anthony List v. Ohio Elec. Comm’n (S.D. Ohio Sept. 11, 2014) holds that the Ohio statute is unconstitutional, for much the same reasons as those given last week by the 8th Circuit in striking down a similar Minnesota law . (Earlier this year, Susan B. Anthony List prevailed before the Supreme Court on the preliminary procedural issue of justiciability.)
Note, though, that Ohio is in the 6th Circuit, home of Pestrak v. Ohio Elec. Comm’n (6th Cir. 1991) , which upheld the very same law. To be sure, Pestrak might have been undermined by United States v. Alvarez (2012) (the Stolen Valor Act case), which held that even knowing falsehoods may well be constitutionally protected. But I’m surprised that there wasn’t more discussion from the district court about why Pestrak was no longer good law, especially since Alvarez was a splintered opinion, in which Justice Breyer’s controlling concurrence left a good deal of room (though not unlimited room) for regulating knowingly false statements.
I’m also surprised that the district court simply followed the Alvarez plurality in concluding that the law should be judged under strict scrutiny, a standard that was expressly rejected by five of the nine Justices. (The four-Justice plurality said the standard for restrictions on knowing falsehoods should be strict scrutiny, unless some existing exception applied; the two-Justice concurrence said it should be intermediate scrutiny; and under the three-Justice dissent, the standard would basically be the R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul test.) The 8th Circuit at least explained that it was applying strict scrutiny because the restriction here, unlike the Stolen Valor Act, was specifically focused on political speech. But the 6th Circuit Pestrak decision held that strict scrutiny doesn’t apply to restrictions on knowingly false political speech, and while Alvarez might have replaced that with intermediate scrutiny (as the test adopted by Justice Breyer’s controlling opinion), I don’t see what replaced it with strict scrutiny.
In any event, it will be interesting to see what the 6th Circuit does on appeal here, given both Pestrak and Susan B. Anthony List, assuming that the Ohio Elections Commission appeals.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410476570/1410476570000/1410476570 tracking: {authors=Eugene Volokh, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=ohio-ban-on-knowingly-false-statements-in-political-campaigns-is-unconstitutional, post_id=13384, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 11:02:50 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 11:02:50 PM

US can destroy ISIS without sending troops on ground: White HousePress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 12, 2014 11:56 am
The US can accomplish its goal of degrading and destroying the Islamic State without sending troops on the ground in Iraq and Syria, the White House has said.
This includes a combination of measures like air strikes, supporting local troops of the ground, building an international coalition, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters on Thursday.
“The ISIL forces wreaking havoc in this already volatile region of the world is not in our best interest. We have, therefore, an interest in acting with the international community to try to stabilise the situation.
“We can do that in a way that doesn’t require the introduction of American ground combat troops to Iraq or Syria, but rather, we can deploy a tried-and-true counterterrorism strategy that this administration has used successfully in other contexts,” he said.
Earnest said, “essentially, that means building up support for fighters on the ground, ramping up our support to Iraq and Kurdish security forces and ramping up our support to Syrian opposition fighters.”
The White House also said that the Islamic State, also known as Islamic State of Iraq and Syria or ISIS or ISIL, is in fact following the policies of al-Qaeda.
“For a decade or more ISIL was actually known as al-Qaeda in Iraq. And that there was important coordination and communication that was taking place between the leaders of al-Qaeda in Iraq and the al-Qaeda leadership, including Osama bin Laden,” he said.
Earnest said, there are indications even after public disagreement of continued ties between al-Qaeda fighters or al-Qaeda operatives and ISIL.
“In fact, there are some al-Qaeda operatives who have indicated that they actually believe ISIL is the true inheritor of Osama bin Laden’s legacy. So these ties between ISIL and al-Qaeda persist,” he argued.
“We have seen ISIL continues to carry out the kinds of brutal tactics that they employed under the previous name. We’ve seen them perpetrate terrible acts of violence against Iraqis. And tragically, we’ve seen them carry out two terrible, heinous acts of violence against at least two American citizens. So the tactics of al-Qaeda in Iraq have not changed simply because they’ve changed their name,” the press secretary said.
“The ultimate aspiration of al-Qaeda was always the formation of an Islamic caliphate. As their new name suggests, ISIL harbours the same ambition,” he said.
We've seen them perpetrate terrible acts of violence against Iraqis and we've seen them carry out two terrible, heinous acts of violence against at least two American citizens.

Rajdeep Sardesai to join TV TodayNEW DELHI, September 12, 2014
Updated: September 12, 2014 10:39 IST
Rajdeep Sardesai to join TV Today
Pheroze L. Vincent
The Hindu Former IBN 18 Editor-in-Chief Rajdeep Sardesai will join the India Today group as Consulting Editor on September 15, 2014. File photo
TOPICS
television industry
Former IBN 18 Editor-in-Chief Rajdeep Sardesai will join the India Today group as Consulting Editor on Monday. He wrote in a blog post, “Now, I embark on another exciting chapter as Consulting Editor with India’s largest TV news network, the TV Today group, from the 15th of September. I grew up in the age of India Today, so to now be part of this journalistic-driven institution is a privilege.” (sic)
In an internal memo on Thursday, India Today chairman Aroon Purie wrote, “As a start, Rajdeep will be doing a marquee show for Headlines Today and contributing to the revamp of the Channel and its alignment with digital.” Currently, TV Today Managing Editor Rahul Kanwal hosts the 9.30 p.m. prime time news show.
Mr. Sardesai added in his blog, “In these challenging times, one lives on the hope that the true core of this great profession will not be lost: that we will tell the story of our times with courage and commitment. It was with that sense of idealism that I joined this profession in 1988; my hair may have greyed, but the idealism still burns inside.” His book, 2014: The Election That Changed India is expected to be released later this year.
He told The Hindu that he has not officially joined India Today group yet and declined to comment on what his exact role would be. “I will be doing a prime time show,” he replied when asked whether he would be replacing Mr. Kanwal at 9.30 p.m.
Mr. Sardesai quit IBN 18, in July after the Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries Limited bought a controlling stake in Network 18 and its subsidiaries. He founded Cable News Network- Indian Broadcasting Network (CNN-IBN) in 2005, after quitting New Delhi Television (NDTV).
Recently, India Today group’s former Editor-in-Chief Shekhar Gupta was re-designated as Editorial Advisor — just two months after he moved over from the Express Group. Nalin Mehta, Managing Editor of India Today’s English news channel Headlines Today, also quit in May.

Markets remain choppy; HDFC  ITC gain 1%SI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 02:20 PM IST
Markets remain choppy; HDFC, ITC gain 1%
The market breadth in BSE remains positive with 1,621 shares advancing and 1,277 shares declining
Benchmark indices are trading in a tight range with Sensex and Nifty oscillating between negative and positive zone.
Investors have turned cautious as government will release the CPI data for August 2014 and the industrial production data for the month of July today.
At 14:20 PM, the 30-share Sensex was up 22 points at 27,022 and the 50-share Nifty was up 4 points at 8,090.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices have gained between 0.2-1%.
The market breadth in BSE remains positive with 1,621 shares advancing and 1,277 shares declining.
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours yesterday, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 433.55 crore on that day.
Meanwhile, India recorded its heaviest spell of monsoon rains in 2014 in the past week, logging in surplus for the second straight week, raising hopes of a delayed retreat of the four-month season.
INDIAN RUPEE
The rupee is trading at 60.82 per dollar versus Thursday's close of 60.9250/9350. The Indian unit had fallen to 61.03 in early trade. Huge dollar selling by custodian banks is seen, say traders.
GLOBAL MARKETS
Japanese share prices rose for the fifth straight session on Friday to end at an eight-month high, with exporters leading the gains on the yen's weakness. Japan's Nikkei share average rose 0.3% to 15,948.29 points, its highest close since Jan. 8.
For the week, it gained 1.8%, outperforming most other share markets. The broader Topix gained 0.2% to a six-year closing high, while the new JPX-Nikkei Index 400 rose 0.2%.
Investors will look to next week's Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting for fresh guidance on US interest rates. At the end of a two-day meeting on 16-17 September 2014, the FOMC is widely expected to announce cut in Fed's monthly bond-buying program by another $10 billion to $15 billion, staying on track to end the program at its October meeting.
The Fed is likely to raise short-term interest rates next year from their current near-zero levels, where they have been since December 2008.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE Power, Capital Goods and Metal indices have declined between 0.5-1.2% followed by counters like Banks, IT and Realty, all slipping marginally. However, BSE Consumer Durables index gained by almost 1%.
The top gainers on the Sensex are Cipla, Maruti Suzuki, HDFC, Hero Moto, ITC, Bharti Airtel and Tata Motors.
Shares of Maruti Suzuki has gained after the company chairman said that double-digit sales growth is expected this current year.
Tata Motors has surged by over 1%. Macquarie raises price target for the stock to 700 rupees from 540 rupees and says it expects Tata's earnings to double over three years from FY2014 to FY2017.
On the losing side, Hindalco, Sun Pharma, NTPC, Tata Power and Coal India have slipped between 1-3%.
Among other shares, Oracle Financial Services Software have surged more than 7% to Rs 3,560 on the BSE after the Board of Directors of the Company approved payment of interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share of face value of Rs 5 each of the Company.
Shares of Snowman Logistics witnessed a huge 70% jump on debut. Snowman priced its IPO at Rs 47 and its shares are currently trading at almost Rs 80.
 Advertisements

Stocks: 5 things to know before the openStocks: 5 things to know before the open
By Alanna Petroff  @AlannaPetroff September 12, 2014: 7:35 AM ET
Click chart for in-depth premarket data.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Another day, another round of Russian sanctions.
But markets seem unfazed.
Here are the five things you need to know before the opening bell rings in New York:
1. EU issues more sanctions: The European Union has announced tougher sanctions against Russia, preventing key energy and defense companies from raising finance in Europe. It has also added 24 names to its list of individuals facing travel restrictions and asset freezes.
The U.S. government said it would follow suit with another round of sanctions Friday as Western nations attempt to pressure Russia to forge a peaceful resolution to the separatist crisis in Ukraine .
"The new EU sanctions introduced today certainly take things to a tougher level," said Sunny Mann, a partner at law firm Baker & McKenzie. "At the same time, there is a signal that the EU is prepared to roll things back if the current crisis is de-escalated."
Russia is reportedly considering retaliating by capping imports of Western cars and clothing.
2. Markets unfazed: U.S. stock futures were relatively unchanged from their Thursday closing levels. European markets were slightly weaker.
Investors had been expecting these new sanctions for over a week, hence the muted market reaction.
Markets in Germany and France were down by about 0.3%.
Meanwhile, Russia's main stock market index was rising by about 0.7%.
3. Economic announcements: The U.S. Census Bureau will report August retail sales at 8:30 a.m .ET.
The University of Michigan will post its monthly consumer sentiment index at 9:55 a.m. ET.
4. Earnings: Darden Restaurants, ( DRI ) which owns brands including the Olive Garden and LongHorn Steakhouse, will report quarterly earnings before the opening bell.
5. Thursday market recap: U.S. stocks closed mixed Thursday. The Dow lost 20 points, but the S&P 500 and Nasdaq both closed 0.1% higher.
First Published: September 12, 2014: 5:14 AM ET
Join the Conversation

LIC Housing Finance to focus more on loan against properties and reduce bank borrowingsBS Reporter |  Chennai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 08:47 PM IST
LIC Housing Fin to focus on mortgages
Company says this would help it improve margin
LIC Housing Finance Ltd, promoted by the Life Insurance Corporation of India, is targeting to reduce its borrowings from the banks and focus more loan against properties (LAP). The company said these would help it improve margin.
The country’s second largest housing company in the public sector has also set a 20 per cent growth target in loan advances as against 18 per cent in 2013-14. It had a loan portfolio of Rs 25,000 crore last year.
Speaking to reporters at the launch of its flagship property show, Ungal Illam, here today, Sunita Sharma, managing director and chief executive officer of LIC Housing, said since March the company had been focusing more on LAP, which in 2013-14 constituted less than three per cent.
During the current fiscal (year till today), the company increased it to four per cent and the target for 2014-15 was five per cent of the total portfolio, she said.
LAP would bring higher income, said Sharma, adding the company has also decided to bring down borrowings from the banks and would look at low-cost NCDs. In 2012-13, Bank borrowing constituted 29-30 per cent, which was brought down to 25 per cent, as at the end of March 31, 2014, and would be further reduced to 20-21 per cent this fiscal, she said. Net interest margin of the company stood at 2.25 per cent.
On the NPA’s, she said it was about 0.27 per cent.  “We are probably in a controlled aggression and the sound credit appraisal mechanism helps us to keep the NPAs at a very low level,” she said.
Of it total asset book, the southern region accounted for 21 per cent. More than 90 builders are participating in the event, showcasing over 300 projects.
 Advertisements

Over 1 25 000 flood-hit people rescued in J&K so farflood
More than 1,25,000 people have been rescued from the flood-ravaged parts of Jammu and Kashmir so far as the relief operations launched by the Armed forces entered the 11th day on Friday.
“Over 1,25,000 persons have been rescued so far by the Armed forces and NDRF from different parts of Jammu and Kashmir in the ongoing rescue and relief operations in the flood ravaged state,” a defence spokesman said.
Eighty-nine transport aircraft and helicopters of Indian Air Force and Army Aviation Corps have been pressed into service, he said.
Army has deployed around 30,000 troops for rescue and relief operations, in which 21,000 troops are deployed in Srinagar region and 9,000 troops in Jammu region, the spokesman said.
Armed Forces personnel are distributing water bottles and food packets on a large scale, he said, adding, so far 2,98,000 litres of water, 31,500 food packets and over 533 tonnes cooked food have already been airdropped and distributed in the flood-affected areas.
8,200 blankets and 1,000 tents were provided to the flood victims. 80 medical teams of the Armed Forces Medical Services are already operating in full swing, he said.
Four Field Hospitals have been established in Avantipur, Pattan, Anantnag and Old Airfield where medical aid is being provided to the ailing people, he said, adding, till now they have treated more than 21,500 patients.
One more fully equipped field hospital from Bathinda is on its way to Srinagar, he said.
19 tonnes medicines and other health care materials are also being transported from Delhi to the flood-affected area, he said, adding, more relief materials including blankets, water bottles and food packets are being airlifted from Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Delhi, Patna, Amritsar and Chandigarh.
So far 1,379 sorties were undertaken by the helicopters and aircraft of Armed Forces, he said, adding that, 1,799 tonnes of relief materials were dropped by the Indian Air Force.

How to get even with ChinaHow to get even with China
G PARTHASARATHY
Be businesslike: Learn a thing or two from China’s infrastructure prowess ZHANGYANG13576997233 / SHUTTERSTOCK.COM
India should resist Chinese expansionism by firming strategic ties with Japan, Vietnam, the Philippines and Indonesia
September 10, 2014:  
The twenty-first century is often described as “Asia’s century”. This is primarily because of the rapidly growing economies of East and Southeast Asia and the declining rates of economic growth in the US and its European allies.
While the US can no longer unilaterally decide the course of events in Asia, it will remain a key player in moulding the balance of power within Asia.
The actual balance of power within Asia will primarily be determined by the interplay between a rapidly growing, militaristic and jingoist China, an aging, but technologically innovative Japan seeking its legitimate place in the sun, and an India, still uncertain about how best to manage this triangular relationship.
One salient factor is that India and Japan have no territorial or maritime boundary issues which can escalate bilateral tensions. China, however, has adopted policies, on land and maritime boundaries, which could lead to escalating tensions with India, Japan, South Korea, Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and Indonesia.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Japan and the forthcoming visit of President Xi Jinping to India, together with his visits to Pakistan (since postponed) and Sri Lanka, should be seen in the context of these emerging power equations.
It has long been Beijing’s effort to “contain” India within South Asia. Nothing else can explain its policies of equipping Pakistan not merely with tanks, warships and fighter aircraft, but also by promoting the development of Pakistan’s nuclear weapons and missile production capabilities.
This has been accompanied by China’s untiring efforts to undermine Indian influence in Nepal, Bhutan, Myanmar, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Maldives.
China took note of Modi’s comment in Japan: “Everywhere around us, we see an 18th century expansionist mindset; encroaching on another country, intruding on other’s waters, invading other countries and capturing territory.”
China’s official mouthpiece, the Global Times observed: “Japan is located far away from India. Abe’s harangue on the Indo-Pacific concept makes Indians comfortable. It is South Asia where New Delhi has to make its presence felt. However, China is a neighbour it cannot move away from. Sino-Indian ties can in no way be counter-balanced by the Japan-India friendship.”
Beijing’s message to New Delhi in the article was: ‘You are merely a South Asian power bordering a strong China. We may move, at will, across the Indian Ocean. You should, however, not dare use your relationship with Japan to transgress into the Pacific Ocean — what you and Japan describe as the Indo-Pacific.’
China has no intention of changing its policy of “strategic containment” of India, even if India is useful in promoting its interests in Brics and G20.
Economic ties
Modi’s visit to Japan yielded substantial progress in industrial collaboration, with a target of $35 billion FDI in the coming five years, together with a projected increase of Japanese ODI. Defence industry collaboration and joint exercises between the two navies both in the Indian and Pacific Oceans are to be expanded. Japan will play a key role in the development of industrial corridors in India. Indo-Japanese collaboration in the exploration of rare earths will erode the Chinese monopoly in this sector.
We should, however, welcome cooperation in areas such as industry and infrastructure with China, if it can match the terms that Japan is ready to provide in transfer of technology and development of work skills. There is much we can learn from the efficiency of infrastructure project construction in China.
India’s trade deficit with China in 2012 was $39.1 billion. A recent RIS (Research and Information System for Developing Countries) study commissioned by the Reserve Bank of India has noted that such a deficit is “unsustainable”. Rendering this trade deficit “unsustainable” are a series of Chinese non-tariff barriers, not just on pharmaceuticals, but also on items like steel and auto components.
Moreover, India receives discriminatory treatment on registration of its products and faces barriers in services such as banking, insurance, warehousing and freight forwarding. Over 41 products have been identified, which India exports significantly worldwide. But these products are prevented from entering the Chinese market. They include plastics, manmade filaments, electrical and optical machinery and vehicles. The registration of Indian companies in China is exceedingly difficult.
It takes 3-5 years to secure registration in China — a process that normally takes six months in India for Chinese companies. Some reciprocal measures are called for to deal with such non-tariff barriers, including the imposition of higher duties on equipment like power equipment manufactured in India, both in the private and public sector.
Border impasse
China is no hurry to resolve the border issue. It avoids defining the Line of Control in Ladakh and Arunachal Pradesh. Better logistics across the Tibetan Plateau give its armed forces the advantage of easier access to disputed areas.
While contacts between military commanders have been increased, face-offs along the LoC continue. Spelling out the “Guiding Principles” for resolving the border issue, India and China agreed in April 2005 that the Sino-Indian boundary “should be along well defined and easily identifiable natural geographical features to be mutually agreed upon” (Article VI). They also agreed that “The two sides shall safeguard due interests of their settled populations in the border areas” (Article VII).
Going by this Agreement, the border in Arunachal Pradesh should logically be an extension of China’s delineated border with Myanmar. In Ladakh, the Karakoram mountains are the most prominent “identifiable natural geographical features” separating India and China.
Balance of power
While India is strengthening its defences along the Sino-Indian border by raising new strike formations, improving communications and deploying frontline SU 30 squadrons, our negotiators sometimes appear excessively defensive and even apologetic in dealing with their Chinese counterparts.
It is time to change this mindset and join partners such as Vietnam and Japan to build a stable balance of power in Asia.
Given China’s readiness to intimidate its neighbours on its maritime boundary claims, India should, at the very least, supply Brahmos anti-ship cruise missiles to friendly countries in the Indo-Pacific Region such as Vietnam, the Philippines and Indonesia.
At the same time, cooperation at multilateral fora like G20, the East Asia Summit and Brics can be expanded and bilateral cooperation in areas like infrastructure, industry, communications and energy, pursued vigorously.
The writer is a former High Commissioner to Pakistan
(This article was published on September 10, 2014)

Bhupinder Singh Hooda announces Rs 10 cr assistance to flood-hit J&KPress Trust of India | Chandigarh | Posted: September 12, 2014 4:47 pm
Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda on Friday announced an assistance of Rs 10 crore for the flood-affected people of Jammu and Kashmir.
Hooda flagged off seven trucks for the flood-affected state, carrying relief material including 50,000 blankets, 10,000 nylon plastic sheets, medicines and food items, an official spokesman said.
He said the Haryana government was with the affected people of the Jammu and Kashmir in this hour of crisis and assured the state all necessary assistance in relief operation.
“The people of J&K have been struck with natural calamity of unprecedented magnitude, something which one has never seen or heard before,” Hooda said, while flagging off the trucks from his Delhi residence.
Noting that the situation in J&K was grim, Hooda appealed to people to make contributions for the people of the flood-affected state.
He appreciated the efforts of the Army, Air Force and other agencies engaged in relief and rescue operations in J&K and said their efforts had helped in saving several lives.
The state government has also appointed Principal Secretary, Social Justice and Empowerment Department P K Das as the Nodal Officer for efficient handling of relief assistance.

Maharashtra and Haryana to go to polls on October 15IANS |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 07:51 PM IST
Maharashtra and Haryana go for elections on October 15
Counting of votes to be conducted on October 19, 2014
In the biggest electoral test after the Lok Sabha battle, Congress-ruled Haryana and Maharashtra will go to the polls Oct 15 and the results will be declared Oct 19.
Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath said by-elections will also be held Oct 15 for the Lok Sabha seats of Beed (Maharashtra) and Kandhamal (Odisha) following death of incumbent MPs and the assembly seats of Kanubari (Arunachal Pradesh), Hiyanglam (Manipur), Northern Angami-II (Nagaland), Kairana (Uttar Pradesh) and Rajkot West (Gujarat).
Sampath said the poll panel was "watching closely" the situation in flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir, and voting dates for Kashmir and Jharkhand would be announced later.
Sampath said the model code of conduct would come into immediate effect, involving both Haryana and Maharashtra governments as well as the central government vis-a-vis decisions linked to the two states.
Asked about the Narendra Modi's governments announcements regarding its 100 days in office, he said the government was free to go ahead with it as long as the election-bound states were kept out.
The last day for filing nominations is Sep 27, and candidates can withdraw from the contest by Oct 1.
Haryana will have 16,244 polling stations and Maharashtra 90,403.
Haryana has 90 assembly seats and Maharashtra 288. Ever since Modi led it to a sweeping win in the Lok Sabha, leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party have vowed to seize power in Haryana and Maharashtra.
In the Lok Sabha elections, BJP bagged seven seats of the 10 parliamentary seats in Haryana. The Congress got only one. Out of Maharashtra's 48 seats, the saffron party won 23, while its ally Shiv Sena bagged 18. The Congress could get only two seats, while its ally the Nationalist Congress Party bagged four seats.
In both states, the BJP is already flexing its muscles. The BJP has dumped its Lok Sabha ally, the Haryana Janhit Congress. Its leaders in Maharashtra do not want to play second fiddle any more to the Shiv Sena.
The BJP is keen to unseat the Congress in both the states to overcome the embarrassing setbacks it has faced in by-elections in some states since the Lok Sabha victory.
Sampath put the number of voters in Haryana at 16 million and in Maharashtra at 82 million. He promised to ensure free and fair polls apart from creating a proper atmosphere for the conduct of the elections.
The poll panel chief had a word of caution for officials who will be involved in the electoral process.
"The (Election) Commission expects all officials engaged in the conduct of elections to discharge their duties in an impartial manner without any fear or favour," he said.
He said comprehensive instructions had been issued to effectively monitor the election expenditure of the candidates.
This would involve deploying flying squads, static surveillance and video surveillance teams, as well as the income tax department and state excise departments.
General observers "have been asked to keep a close watch at every stage of the electoral process to ensure free and fair elections", Sampath said.
Asked about the political impasse in Delhi, now under President's Rule, Sampath said: "We are only concerned when elections are held. Government formation is not in our purview."
 Advertisements

No differences with Modi  relations cordial: RajnathComments
Union home minister Rajnath Singh on Friday said his relations with Narendra Modi “were cordial, are cordial and will remain cordial”, days after threatening to quit politics over rumours of the PM allegedly summoning Singh’s son to reprimand him for some misconduct.
File photo: BJP's prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi is garlanded along with party president Rajnath Singh at the Vijay Sankalp rally in Ranchi. (PTI Photo)
When asked by HT to define his relations with Modi, Singh said, “He is our PM and an effective PM and I am the home minister in his government. What else.”
After a pause, he added, “Humare sambandh madhur they, madhur hai aur madhur rahenge (Our relations were cordial, are cordial and will always remain like that).” Singh was speaking at a press conference — his first after becoming home minister — to mark 100 days of being in office.
An anguished Singh had threatened to quit a couple of weeks ago if any charges of misconduct were proven against him or his family members. The PMO had also rejected the rumours while the Opposition called the episode as a sign of a power struggle at the highest levels of the government.

ADB to give $150 mn for renewable energy in RajADB to give $150 mn for renewable energy development in Rajasthan
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 05.45PM IST
Tags:
ADB
NEW DELHI: Asian Development Bank will provide loans totalling $150 million to help create infrastructure for renewable energy development in Rajasthan.
"The Asian Development Bank (ADB) and the government today signed two loans totalling $150 million to help build transmission lines that will support renewable energy development in the state of Rajasthan," ADB said in a release.
The $150 million loans are the first tranche of the $500 million Rajasthan Renewable Energy Transmission Investment Program approved by ADB in 2013.
The loans will finance high-voltage transmission lines and sub-stations to be built by Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Prasaran Nigam Limited (RRVPNL).
"The transmission investment program will spur the development of renewable energy in the resource-rich areas of Western Rajasthan and help to deliver more environmentally friendly energy to the state and national grids," said M Teresa Kho, Country Director of ADB's India Resident Mission.
Of the loan approved, $88 million comes from ADB's Clean Technology Fund (CTF) and $62 million from its ordinary capital resources (OCR).
The CTF component is a highly concessional loan with a 40-year term and grace period of ten years at an annual interest of 0.25 per cent.
The OCR component has a 25-year term with a grace period of five years and annual interest in accordance with ADB's LIBOR-based lending facility.
Rajasthan government will provide about $127 million to cover the balance of costs in first tranche of the project.
Projects under first tranche of loan are expected to be completed by December 2016.
Additionally, CTF will also provide USD 2 million grant to finance technical studies and capacity building for RRVPNL and the Rajasthan Renewable Energy Corporation (RREC).
FEATURED ARTICLES

Carmakers say India must reform to attract i...You are here: Home > Collections > Siam
Global carmakers say India must reform to attract industry
AFP Sep 12, 2014, 05.35PM IST
Tags:
Cars
(India must urgently improve…)
NEW DELHI: India must urgently improve its infrastructure and reform its tax, land acquisition and labour laws if it is to fulfil its ambition of becoming a leading international automotive manufacturing hub, global carmakers said on Friday.
Prime minister Narendra Modi invited investors last month to "Come, make in India" as part of a drive to create manufacturing jobs for a ballooning young population.
But automobile executives warned at the annual meeting of the country's biggest vehicle industry group that India must create a better business climate swiftly or risk losing out to emerging market rivals like China.
"India has an opportunity to build a globally competitive (automotive) industry," but to realise its full potential, the sector needs "a clear roadmap", GM International president Stefan Jacoby said.
The country needs to streamline taxes that vary state-to-state, ease rigid hire-and-fire laws and set internationally harmonised fuel-emission, safety and other norms, speakers told the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM).
India must also modernise its creaking rail, port, road and other infrastructure and ease bureaucratic red tape.
"Logistics and infrastructure are a clear disadvantage of the country," said Takashi Hata, senior vice-president of Japan's Nissan Motor Co.
"There's an urgent need to improve the general infrastructure -- spanning from roads, harbours, railways to electric power and water supply," added Fumihiko Ike, chairman of India's Honda Motor.
Foreign automakers made a beeline for India in the last two decades, seeking to tap a vast market in the country of 1.25 billion people and leverage its low workforce costs to use the country as an export springboard.
Just 17 out of every 1,000 Indians own a car, compared with 800 out of every 1,000 in the United States, according to industry figures.
But automakers have found India's infamous red-tape and shabby infrastructure daunting.
Many global firms are keen to establish operations in India but they encounter problems obtaining business permits, acquiring land and getting plant construction clearances.
"There are a number of challenges confronting automakers doing business here," said Honda's chairman who is also chairman of the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association (JAMA).
Creating a vibrant automotive sector is key to helping generate new jobs for the estimated 10-12 million Indians who enter the workforce annually.
One automobile manufacturing job creates 20 spinoff jobs, according to industry figures.
SIAM's meeting came as Indian car sales were expected to clock positive growth this year after two years of contraction as the economy begins to pull out of a sharp economic slowdown.
"After two years of going downhill, things are starting to look up," SIAM deputy director-general Sugato Sen told AFP.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fed announcements under Yellen a snoozer forKnickers in a twist over Fed announcement? Relax
By: David Craig September 12, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Fed day, the eight times a year Wall Street braces for the Federal Reserve’s regularly scheduled announcement in case it shows the central bank is planning something that could shake up U.S. financial markets, is fast approaching.
But at least based on what has happened so far under new Fed Chair Janet Yellen, investors have reason to relax.
Every six weeks the Fed’s open market committee meets to discuss monetary policy, and after the meeting it releases a statement. Roughly every other meeting the Fed chief then holds a press conference.
What those carefully worded paragraphs in the announcement say — or don’t say — about the economy and interest rates have the potential to immediately roil financial markets.
The same is true with what comes out of the press conference, if there is one.
This coming Wednesday is the next announcement and press conference following the FOMC’s two-day meeting.
Now, there’s obviously no telling exactly what the Fed or Yellen will say and how Wall Street will react that day.
But it’s easy enough to look at the reaction to recent FOMC announcements.
The FOMC has met four times since Janet Yellen took over as head of the Fed.
And the overall move in the stock market at the end of the day following those announcements was pretty boring.
The worst reaction was a 0.7% drop in the Dow Jones industrial average on March 19th. The best reaction was a 0.8% gain in the Standard & Poor’s 500 on June 18th.
But combine all four days, and on average the market ended almost dead even, with the Dow  down less than 0.1%, and the S&P up 0.1%.
However, it’s worth pointing on that on April 30th following that announcement the Dow closed at its first record of the year. And on June 18th after the next meeting the S&P notched its 20th record close of 2014.
Just remember, one of the golden rules on Wall Street is that past performance is no guarantee of future results.

The most successful corporate chieftains are marathon runnersSeptember 12, 2014
Physically fit CEO, financially fit corporation.
That’s the conclusion of researchers who, using the completion of a marathon as a proxy for fitness, found that fit chief executives led more successful companies. A  working paper  describing the findings was posted Sept. 3 on the Social Science Research Network.
The researchers looked at CEOs of S&P 1500 companies from 2001 to 2011. They took note of which CEOs in each year had run a marathon, and measured the companies using a value-gauging metric called “Tobin’s Q,” essentially a comparison of a company’s market value to its book value.
They found that companies with CEOs who were marathon runners were 5% more valuable than companies led by CEOs who steered clear of the racing circuit.
Share
Tap image to zoom
There was a wider gap among CEOs who were particularly susceptible to the draining effects of stress. The researchers looked at groups of CEOs who were older than the median age of 55, who had longer tenures (and thus had been exposed to the pressures of the position for longer), and those who sat on multiple corporate boards (because they were presumed to have a higher workload). In each of these cases, companies headed by marathon runners were 8% to 10% more valuable.
Fitness alleviates stress and delays cognitive decline with age—effects with obviously benefits to corporate executives. That’s why running is more valuable to CEOs who are older or facing exceptionally high-pressure circumstances: allaying stress in those situations becomes more important, the researchers said.
CEOs already have started getting wise to this: apart from a dip during the Great Recession, the percentage of marathon-running execs rose steadily during the research period.

The complete guide to being on timeNo matter what you think, those hands are going to keep ticking.Reuters/Toby Melville
SHARE
Jeanne Kim @jeannesjkim
September 12, 2014
Lateness says volumes about your character and work ethic, and from a corporate standpoint it can cost billions of dollars. In the US alone, one in six workers reported being late at least once a week, and a third of employers say they have fired an employee for lateness, according to a 2011 survey . An earlier survey found that CEOs are late to eight out of 10 meetings—and that when they’re late every day by just 10 minutes, that adds up to $90 billion in  lost productivity .
Here are some ways to help identify the root causes of tardiness, and tricks to lessen the stress and at times humiliation of showing up late:
Check your mental health
Being chronically late can have deep psychological drivers that go beyond having too much to do or underestimating traffic. Diane DeLonzer, author of Never Be Late Again, said in  the Huffington Post  that those with certain personality traits such as “anxiety, low self-control and a tendency toward thrill-seeking” tend to be late more often. Problems such as attention deficit disorder and obsessive compulsiveness—which often drive late-goers to spend needless time fixing crooked placemats or over-surfing the Internet—can be to blame.
Identifying such chronic symptoms not only helps ease the guilty feelings associated with being late; it allows a person to create coping mechanisms to facilitate being on time.
Avoid over-scheduling your day
Society tends to reward busy overachievers. But the tendency for overachievers to over-schedule activities often leads to tardiness, according to DeLonzer. Pace yourself throughout the day and you’ll have a higher chance of making it to your next event on time.
Wake up earlier
A to-do list of small tasks—like figuring out what to wear, remembering important meetings, packing your keys and umbrella—can take up more time than you think, not to mention leave your mind frazzled when you have little time. According to a study by Harvard biologist Christoph Randler, waking up early can help you anticipate problems and minimize them. Give yourself the mental space to prepare for the day and anticipate what’s to come by setting an earlier alarm.
Clear away distractions
Little distractions that go unnoticed can eat up a lot of time. These include leaving tempting snacks scattered around your home or work area, email alerts, social media feeds, and even mirrors. Yes, preoccupation with mirrors makes time go by faster than you think, which is why they’re placed next to elevators and other areas where you need to wait for a long time. Each distraction may only take up a minute of your time, but those minutes can add up to, for instance, a 10 minute delay to an important meeting.
Don’t blame public transportation
A major benefit of living in a large metropolitan area is great access to public transportation. A major drawback: public transport is not always reliable. Only 77% of short-term trains  (pdf) in the US are punctual compared to 90% of those in Europe. To pre-empt this problem, factor in ample extra time before your departure. If you end up being early, you can always check emails then.
Don’t fool yourself—you’re not that fast
Even meticulous planners overestimate their efficiency at completing tasks. The official term for that is  the planning fallacy . Coined by Nobel-prize winning psychologist Daniel Kahneman,  the phenomenon describes how “most people overrate their own abilities” and “don’t look at themselves objectively from the outside.” The lesson? Add 5 minutes onto even your most conservative time estimates.
Drop hints that it’s time to wrap up
Don’t let over-talkers squander your valuable time. If a manager, co-worker or friend is going on too long in conversation, there are subtle body cues that can politely signal that it’s time to go—gather your notebook and pen or slowly start standing, for example. Research suggests body cues are 65% to 93% more influential than spoken words.
Own up to the problem
Sometimes being late is a foregone conclusion. When that happens, be courteous enough to call or text the person you’re scheduled to meet with to say you’re running late and how long you’ll be.  Admitting fault  can show strength, character, and leadership.
Share this:

Then & now: Google creates crisis response map for Jammu and Kashmir floodsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Retail inflation eases to 7.80 per cent in AugustCPI-based inflation eases to 7.8 per cent in August
Rajesh Kumar Singh     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 20:32 IST
Consumer food price inflation edged up to 9.42 per cent in August (Photo: Reuters)
Easing prices of vegetables, cereals and petroleum products brought down Consumer Price Index (CPI) based inflation marginally to 7.8 per cent in August, government data showed on Friday.
Retail inflation stood at 7.96 per cent in July. In August 2013, retail inflation was at 9.52 per cent.
However, food inflation during the month under review rose to 9.42 per cent over 9.36 per cent in July, an official release said today.
The rate of price rise in vegetables stood at 15.15 per cent in August as against 16.88 per cent in the previous month.
Rate of price increase in cereals and its products turned lower at 7.39 per cent and that for fuel and light it came down at 4.15 per cent.
However, prices of fruits during the month went up with 24.27 per cent rate of inflation.
Inflation in milk and milk products increased to 11.70 per cent during the month under review. Also, pulses and its products were costlier at 6.88 per cent.
Amongst others, food and beverages witnessed no change in price rise at 9.16 per cent, while non-alcoholic beverages prices went down at 6.24 per cent in August.
Eggs, fish and meat were costlier at 7.71 per cent during the month.
Inflation in rural and urban areas in August was 8.35 per cent and 7.04 per cent, respectively. In July, it was 8.37 per cent and 7.42 per cent.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will unveil its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement on September 30, 2014.
In its last policy statement in August, RBI had kept key interest rates unchanged--third time in row - in view of the inflationary expectations and uncertain monsoon conditions .

India retail inflation in Aug eases to 7.80 pct; fuel  light and clothes helpRetail inflation eases to 7.8 pct in Aug; IIP growth slows to 0.5 pct in July
Reuters | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 12 2014, 21:25  IST
Sep 12 2014, 21:25  IST
 

Sensex recovers 53 pts in ahead of IIP  inflation dataSensex reclaims 27,000 mark, Nifty above 8,100
PTI  Mumbai, September 12, 2014
First Published: 10:55 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:37 IST(12/9/2014)
Comments
Markets on Friday snapped a three-day losing run with Sensex rising 65 points to reclaim 27,000-mark and Nifty gaining 20 points to end above 8,100-level on buying in select bluechips ahead of IIP and retail inflation data.
Both benchmark indices also logged their fifth straight weekly rise - one of the longest string of wins in 12 months.
Traders said activity was choppy as some participants exercised caution ahead of macroeconomic data releases. Mixed global cues also capped gains, they added.
Select pharma, consumer durable, auto and FMCG stocks were in demand while power, capital goods, realty and metal shares attracted profit-booking.
Smart rise mainly in ITC, Cipla, HDFC and Maruti Suzuki shares aided the rebound. Laggards included Hindalco, Sun Pharma, RIL, NTPC, L and T, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Coal India.
The 30-share BSE Sensex moved in 131-point range, before settling above 27K-level at 27,061.04 - a rise of 65.17 points or 0.24%. In previous three days, it had fallen by 323.98 points or 1.19%. On a weekly basis, Sensex logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up 34.30 points.
The wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also recovered by 19.80 points, or 0.24%, to regain 8,100-mark as it closed at 8,105.50. It had shed over 88 points in previous three days. On a weekly basis, Nifty also logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up 19 points.
The government is scheduled to release Industrial Production (IIP) data for July and inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for August 2014 after market hours later on Friday.
"We shall be seeing participants reacting to macro-economic data on opening note on Monday and that would set the tone for rest of the day," said Jayant Manglik, president - retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Meanwhile, Snowman Logistics made a stellar market debut on the NSE with shares surging nearly 70%.
Globally, investors are eyeing outcome of next week's Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meet on key interest rates for further guidance. Fears of rate hikes have dented sentiment in emerging markets like India.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth net Rs. 433.55 crore on Thursday, as per provisional data.
Asian stocks closed mixed after the latest data showed credit growth of Chinese financial institutions surged last month. Indices from China, Japan and South Korea ended firm while those from Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan ended weak.
European markets reversed initial gains and were trading lower in late morning deals. The CAC (France) was down by 0.28% and the DAX (Germany) by 0.29%. However, the FTSE (UK) was up 0.05%.
In domestic market, major Sensex gainers included Cipla (6.38%), Maruti Suzuki (1.87%), Bharti Airtel (1.85%), ITC (1.40%), Sesa Sterlite (1.36%), Hero MotoCorp (1.33%), HDFC (1.09%), SBI (0.93%) and M&M (0.85%).
Jignesh Chaudhary, head of research, Veracity Broking Services said: "Local equities added quarter of a per cent on Friday. To start the day, local equities opened slightly low but as the day progressed, indices closed on a positive note. FIIs buying in the local equities helped."
Sensex laggards include Hindalco that fell by 2.29%, Sun Pharma 2.05%, Tata Power 1.65%, NTPC 1.50% and Larsen and Toubro 1.10%.
Among the S and P BSE sectoral indices, Healthcare rose by 0.74%, followed by Consumer Durables 0.72%, Auto 0.64% and FMCG 0.54%. Power index fell by 1.29% and Capital Goods slid 0.81%.
Total market breadth remained strong as 1,742 stocks closed in the green, 1,312 finished in the red and 106 ruled steady. Market turnover rose to Rs. 3,608.37 crore from Rs. 3,262.72 crore on Thursday.

Kashmir floods: Come  hell  or rain  army won t stop until last man rescuedComments
From helicopter sorties to building bridges to tugging makeshift boats through muddied waters.  Our jawans have done it all  over the last one week to save tens of thousands marooned by the floods in Jammu and Kashmir. 
The jawans from the Indian Army, the Air Force and the National Disaster Relief Force braved hostile conditions to pull out 1.3 lakh survivors so far, while the state administration took a backseat. There are nearly four lakh more trapped by the waters in different areas, and the task is still by no means over.
We take a look at some amazing pictures of the daring rescue operations. 
 
Flood-affected Kashmiri residents ride on an Indian Army raft in Srinagar. AFP Photo
Flood victims board an Indian Air Force (IAF) helicopter after being rescued from a flooded area in Srinagar.  REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Srinagar: An Army jawan carrying a young boy to a relief camp after he was rescued. PTI Photo by Atul Yadav
Indian Army soldiers rescue a Kashmiri girl from her flooded house in Srinagar. REUTERS/Adnan Abidi
Tourists wait to be evacuated by Indian Air Force helicopters during rescue and relief operations following flooding in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
71 seriously ill persons airlifted. Indian Army has been conducting over 120 sorties everyday for rescue purposes. (Photo Credits: Army Directorate General of Public Information)
Handout photograph released by Ministry of Defence - a National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) team rescues stranded civilians in the flood affected part of Srinagar. AFP Photo/MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Member of the Indian Air Force's Garud Commando Force are lowered from a helicopter during a rescue operation for flood-affected people stranded on rooftops in Srinagar. REUTERS/ Ministry of Defence
An Army soldier carries relief packages for the flood Victims in Srinagar. PTI Photo
People being rescued by the Indian Army and local people after the flood at Tangpura in Srinagar. Raj k Raj/Hindustan Times
Indian Army personnel construct a bridge over the Poonch River to reconnect the Jammu-Poonch National Highway following flooding in Poonch. AFP Photo/MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Indian Army soldiers and civilians rescue an elderly flood victim in Srinagar. AP Photo/Altaf Qadri
Indian Army soldiers carry a seriously ill tourist towards a waiting Indian Air Force helicopter after he was rescued from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar.  AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Handout photograph released by Ministry of Defence - Indian Army personnel construct a bridge over the Poonch River to reconnect the Jammu-Poonch National Highway following flooding in Poonch. AFP Photo/MINISTRY OF DEFENCE
Armed forces personnel offload relief material from an aircraft to distribute to flood affected people, at the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Indian Army soldiers carry a seriously ill tourist towards a waiting Indian Air Force helicopter after he was rescued from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
People being rescued by the Army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. Raj K Raj/HT Photo
The Army Cantt in Badami Bagh is submerged: yet the Army's commitment to the people of Srinagar continues. (Photo Credits: Army Directorate General of Public Information)
 
An Indian tourist cries as she is airlifted by a chopper in Srinagar. AP Photo
Sand artist Sudarsan Pattnaik creates a sand sculpture dedicated to the Army, Air force, Navy and NDRF for their rescue operations in Jammu and Kashmir, at Puri beach. PTI Photo

JSW bid only for rolling plant of LuchiniBS Reporter |  Kolkata Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 08:32 PM IST
JSW bid only for rolling plant of Luchini
Italian steelmaker, Piombini, had reportedly confirmed that it had received a binding offer from JSW Steel and was considering offer
The binding bid by JSW Steel is for the three rolling mills of the Piombini plant of Luchini SpA and not any other assets, a senior executive of the company confirmed on Friday.
“The bid is only for the rolling mills and not for the blast furnace,” clarified Sharad Mahendra, senior vice-president-global sales at JSW Steel. The rolling mill has a capacity of 1 million tonne. The Italian steelmaker had reportedly confirmed that it had received a binding offer from JSW Steel and was considering the offer. Declining to divulge the amount of the bid, Mahendra said that the issue of employabilty of the workers at the plant was being discussed between the two parties. He also expected the issue to be resolved soon. “ The Government of India is now involved in it and we expect it to get solved soon,” he said.
Luchini’s trade union has expressed concerns over the aquistion and had asked the bid to include wider operational area including the blast furnace so that most of the workers could be retained.
Terming this as a long term investment plan by the Sajjan Jindal-led group and the plant is being aquired mailnly to cater to the demand of the European automobile industry, he also said that the the the company had a target of 12.5 million tonnes production this financial year.
He added that the prospects would have been brighter had the problem of iron ore shortage could be solved. The Supreme Court ban on mining in several states has forced the Indian steel companies to export iron ore leading to higher cost of capital.
“It’s unfortunate that despite the Vijayanagar plant being situated very close to iron ore mines, we have been forced to export from Canada,” he said.
 Advertisements

Pope Francis may declare Sri Lankas 1stsaintFrancis plans to visit the island nation Jan. 13-15 and then travel onto the Philippines to meet with survivors of Typhoon Haiyan. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Sri Lanka | Posted: September 12, 2014 6:57 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 6:58 pm
Pope Francis may make a 17th century priest Sri Lanka’s first Roman Catholic saint during his trip next year, making good on his promise to give Asia more saints as models for the faithful, Sri Lankan and Vatican officials said Friday.
Francis plans to visit the island nation Jan. 13-15 and then travel onto the Philippines to meet with survivors of Typhoon Haiyan.
The archbishop of Colombo, Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith, said he hoped that the Vatican would give final approval to the sainthood case of the Rev. Joseph Vaz so that Francis himself could celebrate the canonization Mass at Colombo’s Galle Face Green.
“We are hopeful,” Ranjith said. Vaz was born in Goa, India, in 1651 but chose to work in Sri Lanka amid persecution of Catholics by Dutch colonial rulers, who were Calvinists. Vaz is credited with having revived the Catholic faith in the country, using disguises and learning the local Sinhala and Tamil languages to meet secretly with underground Catholics. He died in 1711.
The Vatican spokesman, the Rev. Federico Lombardi, confirmed that the final hurdle _ approval of a miracle attributed to Vaz’s intercession _ was before the Vatican’s saint-making office.
“ It’s possible that the decision of the congregation and that of the pope might come relatively quickly, so that it will be possible to celebrate the canonization during the Sri Lanka trip,” he said.
Ranjith said the miracle under study concerned a Sri Lankan doctor couple who, against medical advice, refused to abort one of their twins and prayed for Vaz’s intercession.
St. John Paul II beatified Vaz during his 1995 visit to Colombo, the first major step in his sainthood process.
While visiting South Korea last month, Francis beatified 124 Korean martyrs and promised to give Asia more saints, after a young Cambodian complained her country had none.
Francis is particularly keen on raising up as saints martyrs and others who fought Christian persecution, seeing them as models for Catholics today.

Iraq premier says France to join airstrikeseffortIraqi President Fouad Massoum, second left, welcomes his French counterpart Francois Hollande, center, at the presidential palace in Baghdad on Friday. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Baghdad | Posted: September 12, 2014 6:57 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 7:02 pm
France will join the U.S.-led airstrikes targeting extremists in Iraq as part of an expanding international effort to combat the Islamic State group, Iraq’s new prime minister said after talks with the French president on Friday.
Haider al-Abadi’s remarks came after talks with Francois Hollande, who was in Baghdad to bolster Iraq’s new government as it struggles to unite the nation amid the rampage by the Islamic State group.
“In order to confront Daesh, we need aerial support from our allies,” al-Abadi said, referring to the group by its Arabic acronym. “The French president promised me today that France will participate in this effort, hitting the positions of the terrorists in Iraq.”
Al-Abadi spoke at a joint press conference with Hollande in Baghdad. Neither of the two leaders provided details about when the French could join the aerial campaign.
Hollande added that France has delivered four arms shipments and 60 metric tons (66 tons) of humanitarian equipment to Iraq.
Hollande’s trip, and a conference that Paris is hosting Monday on Iraq, are the first steps in a long-term effort against Islamic State militants who have captured large swaths of land straddling the Syria-Iraq border with the goal of establishing a self-styled caliphate.
Earlier Friday, at a press conference with Iraq’s President Fouad Massoum, Hollande said that the Islamic State group is waging a war on “all people who do not share their vision or ideas.”
The aim of the Paris conference, he said “is to coordinate the aid, the support (and) the actions to work for the unity of Iraq and against this terrorist group.”
The U.S. launched airstrikes and humanitarian aid missions on Aug. 8 to boost the efforts of waning Iraqi and Kurdish security forces. The airstrikes marked a significant shift in the U.S. strategy in Iraq, where the military fully withdrew in late 2011, after nearly a decade of war.
French airstrikes would likely start in coordination with the United States _ but would not include ground troops, a senior French official said on Thursday, speaking spoke on condition of anonymity according to government policy.
Hollande’s visit to Baghdad is the French president’s first visit to Iraq since the crisis escalated with the Islamic State group’s blitz and the fall of Iraq’s second-largest city, Mosul, in June.
Hollande has been one of the most militarily aggressive leaders in modern French history, sending troops to Mali and Central African Republic. France was the first European government to start arming Kurdish authorities against Islamic State militants last month.
This is in part because France fears violence on its own soil. Authorities are struggling to stop the flow of hundreds of French radicals who have joined extremists in Syria and Iraq and who could return to Europe to stage attacks. A Frenchman who went to Syria and held American journalists hostage is the chief suspect in a May continued…

Pakistan arrests 3 navy officials for Taliban attack ondockyardPress Trust of India | Karachi | Posted: September 12, 2014 6:49 pm
Three Pakistani navy personnel allegedly involved in the Taliban attack on Karachi’s naval dockyard over the weekend have been arrested while they were attempting to flee to Afghanistan, officials said on Friday.
The arrests were made from the Lak Pass area of Quetta earlier this week when the three were trying to flee to Afghanistan, intensifying the probe to identify the insiders involved in the attack.
The three were shifted to Karachi for investigation, an official said.
Security forces had killed two militants and arrested another four when they attacked the key warship and submarine repair facility on Saturday.
A navy official said that the interrogation of the arrested militants had provided clues for further arrests and raids.
The Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) had claimed responsibility for the attack, saying they had inside help.
The recently announced South Asia wing of al-Qaeda also claimed that the dockyard attack was its handiwork.
The group also said that it received help from officials who had deserted the armed forces.
Al-Qaeda chief Ayman Al-Zawahiri last week announced the group’s new branch to focus on South Asia and appointed Maulana Asim Umar, a Punjabi militant, as its chief.
Al-Qaeda also said that the group had planned to strike the US fleet in the nearby region after taking over the ship PNS Zulfiqar at the naval dockyard in Karachi.
The group claimed its fighters were “given the task of taking over PNS Zulfiqar and use its missile systems to target a US fleet”.
However, the veracity of the claim could not be independently verified.
A retired security official said that the idea of taking over a naval warship and using its arsenal was “far-fetched”.
“The militants are trying to make tall claims to impress their audience. In reality it is not possible because they couldn’t even penetrate the dockyard, so how could they take over a ship,” he said on condition of anonymity.
At least six militants aided by some Pakistan Navy personnel tried to storm the dockyard last Saturday but the attempt was foiled by marine and army commandos who killed two militants, including a former navy officer who had left the service a few months ago, and captured four others.
The former navy officer, Owais Jhakrani, son of a senior police officer, was involved in the dockyard attack and was killed in the retaliatory firing by security forces.
In the fierce gun-battle, a serving naval officer was also killed and seven sailors were injured.
After the interrogation of the captured terrorists, raids were conducted by intelligence agencies, which led to the arrest of their other collaborators from different parts of the country along with the recovery of a large quantity of arms and ammunition.
It was the fourth major attack of the year on sensitive areas after militants attacked airports at Karachi and Peshawar and botched storming attempts at two airbases in Quetta.
It is the second time that Taliban militants have carried out a major attack on a naval installation in Karachi.
In May 2011, they attacked the Mehran naval airbase in which at least 11 navy officials were killed.
The Pakistani Taliban has continued…

Industrial production growth slows to 4-month low of 0.5pctPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 6:47 pm
Decline in manufacturing output and lower offtake of consumer durables pulled down industrial production growth to 4-month low of 0.5 per cent in July, dashing hopes of recovery.
The factory output, as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), had grown by 2.6 per cent in July, 2013.
IIP for June has been revised upwards to 3.9 per cent from the provisional estimates of 3.4 per cent released last month, according to data released by the Central Statistics Office.
During the April-July period of the 2014-15 fiscal, IIP has recorded 3.3 per cent growth, as against contraction of 0.1 per cent in the same period of 2013-14.
According to the IIP data, manufacturing – which constitutes over 75 per cent of the index, contracted 1 per cent in July, compared to 3 per cent growth in output a year ago. For April-July, the sector has grown at 2.3 per cent, compared to 0.1 per cent contraction in the year-ago period.
The consumer goods output contracted by 7.4 per cent in July compared, to 0.7 per cent contraction logged a year ago. For April-July, the segment shows a contraction of 4.5 per cent, compared to a decline of 1.8 per cent in the same period of 2013-14.
The consumer durables segment declined by 20.9 per cent in July, as against a dip of 9.6 per cent a year ago. For April-July, it declined 12.5 per cent as against a dip of 11.9 per cent in the four month period of last fiscal.
Consumer non-durable goods output grew at 2.9 per cent in July, compared to 7.4 per cent in same month last year. During April-July, the segment has grown at 1.3 per cent compared to 7.2 per cent in same period last fiscal.
Overall, 12 of the 22 industry groups in manufacturing showed positive growth in July.
According to the CSO data, production of capital goods, a barometer of demand, contracted by 3.8 per cent in July, in sharp contrast to a growth of 15.9 per cent in same month of last year.
For the April-July period, the capital goods output has grown by 8.5 per cent, compared to 1.4 per cent in the first four months period of 2013-14.
The mining sector grew by 2.1 per cent in July as against a dip of 3 per a year ago. For April-July, the segment grew by 2.8 per cent, compared to decline in production by 4.3 per cent in the year-ago period.
Power generation increased by 11.7 per cent in July as compared to 5.2 per cent growth a year ago. In April-July, power output grew by 11.4 per cent compared to a growth of 3.9 per cent in the same period a year-ago.
Output of intermediate goods expanded continued…

Malala Yousafzais attackers arrested: PakarmyMalala, then 15, was shot in her head by Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) gunmen in October 2012 in northwestern Swat valley. (Source: IE archive)
Press Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 12, 2014 6:46 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 7:15 pm
The 10 Taliban militants who tried to kill Pakistani teenage activist Malala Yousafzai for her outspoken views on girls’ education in the country’s troubled northwest in 2012 have been arrested, the Pakistani army announced on Friday.
Malala, then 15, was shot in her head by Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) gunmen in October 2012 in northwestern Swat valley.
She has since recovered from the assault , which shocked the world and catapulted her to international fame for her courageous and determined fight for education rights to all children.
Two other students were also injured in the attack.
Director General of Inter Services Public Relations (DG ISPR) Asim Saleem Bajwa said the 10 arrested militants have revealed that the mastermind of the attack on the schoolgirls was TTP commander Mullah Fazlullah.
“This was an intelligence-led operation, and police were also involved in the case,” Bajwa was quoted as saying by the Express Tribune.
Bajwa said the group of the arrested militants hail from Malakand, close to Mingora, the main town of Swat where Malala was attacked.
The arrests came as part of the Pakistani military’s ongoing all-out assault on the TTP and other militant outfits in North Waziristan.
Malala, after narrowly surviving the assassination bid, was taken to Britain with her family for treatment.
She now lives in Birmingham, where she was flown for specialist treatment after the shooting.
She came to public attention in 2009 when she wrote a diary for BBC Urdu about life under Taliban militants who had taken control of the valley.
The teenage activist was named one of Time magazine’s most influential persons of 2013 , and was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. She has also released an autobiography recently.
In July last year, her address to the UN General Assembly where she vowed she would never be silenced earned her a standing ovation.
She was awarded the EU’s prestigious Sakharov human rights prize last year.
Malala, after narrowly surviving the assassination bid, was taken to Britain with her family for treatment.

Third edition of India Bike Week to be held in Feb2015Express News Service | Posted: September 12, 2014 6:35 pm
The biggest Biking Mayhem of Asia is back for the third time! The Seventy Event Media Group has teamed up with travel & lifestyle channel FOX life to bring the third edition of India Bike Week. Martin Da Costa, CEO, Seventy Event Media Group and Keertan Adhyantaya, MD, FOX Life, have announced that the event will take place on 20th and 21st February, 2015 at Vagator in Goa. The tickets for this glitzy event will be on sale from 7th October onwards for Rs.3000, with a special 5-Hour early bird scheme of 50% off on the purchase of second ticket. Just like the last two editions, Harley-Davidson will be the principal sponsor of the event for this edition as well.
The India Bike Week is considered to be bikers’ heaven, which gives them an opportunity to get indulged in the pure sphere of biking, by meeting the bikers from across the globe, sharing their personal stories, experiences and knowledge with them and participating in the fanciful events which are not short of a visual treat, such as ‘The Travel Zone’ and ‘Bike Builders Collective’, coupled up with various racing events too. There will be a special ‘IBW Arena’ too, which will be sporting stage for vibrant activities such as musical rock band shows, stunts and demos.
After announcing the dates, Martin Da Costa said, “Have better stories to tell? India Bike 2015 is about creating these stories. IBW is not about brands and models, anyone who wishes to be a rider is welcome, and anyone with a love for bikes and love of the road is welcome. Indian Biking brotherhood is just getting bigger in 2015.”
Keertan Adyanthaya further added, “Asia’s biggest motorcycle party is back, India Bike Week brings alive various elements close to a biker’s heart – rock concerts, custom bike build off, stunt arena, showcase of the most amazing motorcycles from across the world including vintage bikes, etc. In the last 2 years IBW inspired a new generation of bikers, and we are thrice as thrilled about 2015 as we expect to create an aura around the event that will make it a destination hard to be missed.”
Apart from announcing the India Bike Week, both the big houses also decided to bring an India Bike Week Season, which is essentially a 6-month calendar full of biking activities. Apart from this, they also announced India Bike Week Tour, which will be a short summary of the whole two-day event of IBW and will be held in eight cities, namely, Ahmedabad, Chandigarh, Surat, Jaipur, Pune, Coimbatore, Manipal and Kochi, in order to enhance the biking culture amongst around 32,000 enthusiasts continued…

Indian-origin nurse blamed herself in royal hoaxcasePrint
Husband of late nurse Jacintha Saldanha, second left, accompanied by his son Junal, left, daughter Lisha, second right, Labour MP Keith Vaz, center, and an unidentified man, right, arrive for an inquest into her death, at the Royal Courts of Justice (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | London | Posted: September 12, 2014 6:28 pm
India-born nurse Jacintha Saldanha, found hanging at a hospital here days after receiving a hoax call about Kate Middleton’s first pregnancy, blamed herself for releasing intimate details about the Dutchess’s condition.
An inquest into her death at the Royal Courts of Justice in London was told that the 46-year-old mother of two had sent distressed emails addressed to her colleagues insisting “it’s all my fault”.
Saldanha, originally from Mangalore in Karnataka, was found dead in the nursing accommodation of King Edward VII hospital days after staff were tricked into revealing details of Kate Middleton’s pregnancy to two Australian radio DJs posing as Queen Elizabeth II and Prince Charles back in December 2012.
She had answered the call and transferred it on to the duty nurse on the Duchess of Cambridge’s ward.
She later wrote to the nurse who had been looking after the Duchess on the night of the prank to apologise for putting the call through to her.
“I am terribly sorry for transferring the call to you. At that moment, in the time, with that voice, I couldn’t even think of anything else,” she wrote.
“It’s all my fault and I feel very bad about this and getting you involved. Please accept my apologies. If there was anything I could do to mend it, I would do it but it’s all in their hands.
“I am very upset and don’t know what to do, things are all going in the wrong direction for me at the moment,” she added.
In the message, sent the day after the prank call, she went on: “Please blame me for this, I accept the fault is mine. I should have checked before I gave the call to you so it was my fault. I can only say sorry -– please accept my apologies.”
Saldanha told other colleagues she had believed the prank was a genuine call from the Queen.
The Duchess was being treated for acute morning sickness when DJs Melissa Greig and Michael Christian called the hospital pretending to be the Queen.
The inquest also heard how Saldanha had shown no previous signs of mental illness or depression.
Her husband, Benedict Barboza, told the court his wife had never given him any cause for concern and said her death came as a “complete shock”.
Saldanha was the night nurse-in-charge of the three-ward private hospital on December 4, 2012 when the call was made, and her duties included answering the phone as no receptionist was on duty at night.
Matron Caroline Cassells said she tried to reassure Saldanha and there had been no mention of disciplinary action.
Though both nurses had breached protocol, “we felt it was a nasty trick”.
She broke down on the stand as she described receiving Saldanha’s email, the day before continued…
I am terribly sorry for transferring the call to you. At that moment, in the time, with that voice, I couldn't even think of anything else.

Pope Francis may declare Sri Lanka s 1st saintFrancis plans to visit the island nation Jan. 13-15 and then travel onto the Philippines to meet with survivors of Typhoon Haiyan. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Sri Lanka | Posted: September 12, 2014 6:57 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 6:58 pm
Pope Francis may make a 17th century priest Sri Lanka’s first Roman Catholic saint during his trip next year, making good on his promise to give Asia more saints as models for the faithful, Sri Lankan and Vatican officials said Friday.
Francis plans to visit the island nation Jan. 13-15 and then travel onto the Philippines to meet with survivors of Typhoon Haiyan.
The archbishop of Colombo, Cardinal Malcolm Ranjith, said he hoped that the Vatican would give final approval to the sainthood case of the Rev. Joseph Vaz so that Francis himself could celebrate the canonization Mass at Colombo’s Galle Face Green.
“We are hopeful,” Ranjith said. Vaz was born in Goa, India, in 1651 but chose to work in Sri Lanka amid persecution of Catholics by Dutch colonial rulers, who were Calvinists. Vaz is credited with having revived the Catholic faith in the country, using disguises and learning the local Sinhala and Tamil languages to meet secretly with underground Catholics. He died in 1711.
The Vatican spokesman, the Rev. Federico Lombardi, confirmed that the final hurdle _ approval of a miracle attributed to Vaz’s intercession _ was before the Vatican’s saint-making office.
“ It’s possible that the decision of the congregation and that of the pope might come relatively quickly, so that it will be possible to celebrate the canonization during the Sri Lanka trip,” he said.
Ranjith said the miracle under study concerned a Sri Lankan doctor couple who, against medical advice, refused to abort one of their twins and prayed for Vaz’s intercession.
St. John Paul II beatified Vaz during his 1995 visit to Colombo, the first major step in his sainthood process.
While visiting South Korea last month, Francis beatified 124 Korean martyrs and promised to give Asia more saints, after a young Cambodian complained her country had none.
Francis is particularly keen on raising up as saints martyrs and others who fought Christian persecution, seeing them as models for Catholics today.

Oscar Pistorius Found Guilty of Culpable HomicideSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
SATELLITE: Hurricane Odile Targets Mexico's Baja Peninsula
Dow Jones Industrial Average
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Actress Robin Givens: Ray Rice Incident a  Game-Changeractress robin givens: ray rice incident a  game-changer
To support its stagnating economy  Russia will let the rubles slideAin't what they used to be.Reuters/Maxim Zmeyev
SHARE
Jason Karaian @jkaraian
September 12, 2014
The ruble set yet another all-time low against the dollar today, plumbing fresh depths since the Soviet ruble was withdrawn in 1993:
Share
Tap image to zoom
The volatile and crisis-wracked post-communist years skews the full history of the currency, so here’s just the past 10 years:
Share
Tap image to zoom
Only the Argentine peso has performed worse against the dollar this year, according to Bloomberg . To bolster the currency and stem rising inflation, Russia’s central bank has hiked rates three times this year, despite the stagnating economy .
Some analysts expected another hike today, but instead the bank held rates steady . This suggests Moscow is going to let the ruble keep doing down—and it’s not hard to see why.
Inflation is running at around 8%, double the central bank’s target rate. But economic growth is “anaemic,” the bank says, as the West piles  more and more sanctions on Russia in response to its perceived role in destabilizing eastern Ukraine.
Russia has retaliated by banning Western food imports, with  clothes and used cars  reportedly the next items to face retaliatory sanctions by the Kremlin.
Officials are spinning the sanctions as an opportunity to boost Russia’s self-sufficiency, but autarky is rarely a recipe for robust economic growth. As a result, Russia’s stagflation problem is likely to persist.
The central bank thinks that the rise in inflation—made worse by the weakening currency, which makes imported goods more expensive—”is unlikely to be protracted,” but acknowledges that this depends on how quickly the economy adapts to sanctions. It also notes that “oil prices remain high even after a recent decline,” which is a curious way to describe Brent crude recently touching a two-year low .
Unconvinced by the supposed ceasefire in Ukraine , the West is now squeezing Russia’s embattled oil industry , which means that things could get worse— much worse —for the economy and currency before they get better.
Share this:

July IIP growth slows to 4-month low of 0.5%Malini Bhupta |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 10:36 PM IST
Industrial, inflation data show imbalances persist
Inflation trajectory does not match the slump in demand, prolonged pause on rates likely
The macroeconomic data releases on Friday — inflation and industrial production — suggest the structural imbalances in the economy have not been eliminated. Industrial production growth as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) slumped to 0.5 per cent in July from 3.4 per cent in the previous month. While economists were expecting industrial output to decline, the July figure is well below the Street’s estimate of two per cent.
Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation in August also gives little comfort, as it eased to 7.8 per cent, a tad below the previous month’s 7.96 per cent. While CPI-based inflation continues to be marginally below the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s target of eight per cent in 2015, economists believe inflation is still high, given the current environment. Dhananjay Sinha, economist and strategist at Emkay Global, says: “The data do not reflect that there is an inflection yet and that RBI will hold on. For the current level of growth, the inflation is very high. Lower growth and poor demand should reflect in prices but that is not happened. There is no comfort on inflation yet and the central bank is unlikely to ease.” The buoyancy seen in industrial output in the first quarter of FY15 was largely due to higher consumption followed by excise duty cuts and higher government spending. Also, export orders contributed but with these moderating, the second quarter output is expected to remain between 1.75 per cent and two per cent.
Clustering of demand and excise duty cut led to demand improvement in consumer demand but industrial data for July shows consumer durable growth continues to be weak. The positive surprise witnessed in the first quarter is unlikely to persist. Consequently, economic growth is expected to remain in the range of 5.2-5.5 per cent and not inch closer to six per cent.
The inflation print continues to look worrying. In August, a large part of the rise in prices has been driven by a 16.8 per cent increase in vegetable prices. Though core inflation has declined to 6.9 per cent from 7.1 per cent, it is evident food prices will continue to be a problem for the government. So far, there is no evidence of the government coming up with a solution to tame this. For now, RBI will continue to hold rates, till there is greater comfort on prices.
 Advertisements

HMT Watches to soon stop tickingBS Reporter |  Bangalore Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 12:47 AM IST
HMT Watches may stop ticking soon
CMD says unaware but Centre appears to have decided to close the once-iconic firm, now down to 1,105 employees
The mood at the corporate headquarters of HMT Watches was subdued on Friday morning as news of its reported closure spread. There are 1,105 employees at the company’s three factories and corporate head office.
The Union ministry of heavy industries and public enterprises is said to have decided to wind down the company, once describing itself as “keeping time to the nation”, 53 years after it started ticking. Manufacture will soon be stopped at Bangalore and Tumkur in Karnataka and Ranibagh in Uttarakhand.
The decision came after the failiure of repeated efforts to revive the ailing company. HMT Watches has made losses for about 20 years and the accumulated figure is in excess of Rs 1,500 crore. Efforts to restructure the operations haven’t turned thing around.
“I have no official communication from the ministry on closure. It was decided some time ago to downsize manpower from the present level of over 1,000. I have no information on shutting down the company,” said S Girishkumar, chairman and managing director. Half its personnel are employed in the Ranibagh factory (Nainital district).
At its peak, the company had a little over 400 models in its portfolio.
“There was a proposal some time ago to offer a Voluntary Retirement Scheme to employees as per the salary structure of 2007. If that is applied, each employee would get 2.5 times of his salary as the final settlement amount,” said a senior employee.
HMT Watches, a subsidiary of HMT Ltd, was established in 1961 at this city. During the peak of operations in 1991-92, it had over 8,000 employees and annual sales of Rs 300 crore. From 1994, it went into losses and never recovered, even after restructuring in 1999. The major setback was in 1986, when around 350 of its best engineers left to join Titan Watches, recalled an employee.
Since then, it went on to lose sales revenue and market share and iconic status to Titan. Many attempts were made to revive the company. But political intervention at every level, including appointment and promotion of employees, affected its functioning and demoralised staffers, an insider said.
Beside its manufacturing facilities at Bangalore, Tumkur and Ranibagh, it owns a total of 200 acres in these three cities. This should be worth around Rs 1,000 crore, majorly from the 60 acres of land in Bangalore, estimated to be valued at Rs 15 crore an acre.
In 2013-14, HMT Watches’ sales were Rs 7.5 crore and the net loss was Rs 233 crore, compared to Rs 242 crore  the previous year. Major factors affecting the performance were paucity of working capital, erosion of trade channels and high cost of borrowings.
The annual wage bill is Rs 35-40 crore.
A revival plan was awaiting government approval. However, the government has decided to close it down, based on the recommendation of the Board for Reconstruction of Public Sector Enterprises.
 Advertisements

Symphony to set up facility at Kandla SEZ to cater to exportsBS Reporter |  Ahmedabad Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 06:52 PM IST
Symphony to set up facility at Kandla SEZ to cater to exports
The capacity of the manufacturing facility would be 100,000-200,000 units.
Ahmedabad-based air cooler company Symphony Ltd on Friday said that the company plans to set up a manufacturing facility at Kandla Special Economic Zone (SEZ) to cater to the export market.
"A manufacturing facility would be set up at Kandla SEZ at an investment of less than Rs 1 crore. It would be operational in the coming two months," said Achal Bakeri, chairman and managing director, Symphony Ltd.
He stated that the facility would cater only to export market, adding that, the company currently exports to around 60 countries across North and South America, South-East Asia, among other regions.
The capacity of the manufacturing facility, he said, would be 100,000-200,000 units.
Regarding company's plans to expand its online presence, Bakeri said, "We started selling our products on e-commerce platforms from last summer but have not tied up with any platform for our products. Our sales are largely driven by modern retail units."
Emphasising that company's focus was to drive sales through modern and individual retail units, Nrupesh Shah, executive director - corporate affairs, Symphony Ltd, said, "Sales from modern retail units has increased to more than 10 per cent in the last three years."
Bakeri said that Gujarat, which is company's home market, contributes 6 per cent annual sales nationally while Uttar Pradesh, the country's most populous state, contributed the highest to annual sales.
Of the 15% of air cooler market in organised sector, Shah said Symphony's share was 40%. He added that only 3% households in country have air-conditioners and 8% air coolers.
The company said that its market capitalisation crossed Rs. 5,000 crore on Friday from Rs 2.80 crore a decade ago. For the FY 2013-14, company reported net profit of Rs 105.72 crore on sales of Rs 532.42 crore.
 Advertisements

Investors worry about Europe0
"Trend growth in the euro area is perilously low, and vulnerable to even slight setbacks in sentiment," said eurozone economist Claus Vistesen, of Pantheon Macroeconomics.
He noted in a report that Spain's unemployment of 24.5 percent in June "remains alarmingly high." And in the banking system, "the level of delinquent loans is also stubbornly high and has refused to come down despite stronger growth in the past 12 months."
Italy last week fell back into recession for the third time, and analysts are questioning whether investors will become concerned — as they were a couple of years ago — about Italy's ability to cover its debts when growth is so stunted.
Now, however, global fund managers are becoming nervous again, although bond yields are not reflecting angst.
In a survey of global fund managers by Bank of America Merrill Lynch, the global fund managers said they'd cut back on European stocks to the lowest level in three years, and especially European banks.
The managers were holding more protection than at any time since the financial crisis, to moderate the effect of a sharp stock market decline. Typically, when professionals are that worried about the future, it's a sign that the opposite will happen and stocks will rise in the months ahead, noted Mauro and Rowan.
But that depends on whether investors are overly skeptical.
In Germany on Tuesday, a well-known survey of investor sentiment, the ZEW, plunged to a level far below expectations.
"Some drop in investor sentiment was expected given ongoing tensions with Russia, recent poor economic data and weaker equities so far this month, but it was larger than anticipated, reinforcing the picture of downside risk to the economy," Vistesen said.
When the outlook is negative, companies tend to be cautious about hiring and spending on business expansion, and that can hold the economy back. A weak Europe also has implications for U.S. companies because about 20 percent of their exports go to Europe.
"There is a real and growing danger that the eurozone enters a Japanese-style bout of flat or falling prices," Capital Economics economist Julian Jessop said in a report.
Recently, the European Central Bank warned that geopolitical risks could be detrimental for Europe's economy. And the International Monetary Fund lowered its outlook for the global economy, including the U.S.
The IMF is expecting the world's economy to grow just 3.4 percent this year, compared with the 3.7 percent it had estimated a few months ago. And the U.S. is forecast to grow just 1.7 percent, the slowest growth since it was coming out of the 2009 recession.
Despite significant optimism by some analysts lately, Federal Reserve Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer said in a speech this week that while the recovery has been "steady," there has been an "unspectacular climb in global growth since the financial crisis."
Forecasts have repeatedly been too optimistic, he said. "Year after year, we have had to explain from midyear on why the global growth rate has been lower than predicted."
In the U.S., he noted, the housing sector "continues to weigh on the recovery." And "weaker economic conditions in Europe and other parts of the world have weighed on U.S. exports and corporate earnings."

How some of Illinois  largest companies cut their taxesIn its filings, Zebra said it earns a "significant amount" of its operating income outside the U.S. and has no intention of bringing any of that money back to the U.S.
Why?
"Repatriation would result in higher effective tax rates," the Lincolnshire-based company explained in a company document.
Zebra is hardly alone in stashing cash abroad. Wealthy companies are getting richer by doing the same thing.
A June report published by Standard & Poor's found that the wealth gap between the wealthiest U.S. corporations and other companies is growing wider mainly because of rising overseas cash balances.
"We believe the top 1 percent (of companies) generates more than half of their cash flow offshore, which is mostly unrepatriated due to high potential taxes," the report said.
Out of a record $1.53 trillion in cash and short-term investments held by U.S. corporations, the wealthiest 1 percent held more than a third of the cash. The wealthiest 20 percent of companies held 89 percent of the cash, the report said.
Zebra on Friday said it can use its "offshore" cash to invest on behalf of its shareholders, employees and customers. The company said it expects to use nearly all of its offshore cash to pay for acquiring the enterprise business of Motorola Solutions. "We announced this $3.45 billion transaction on April 15 and expect to complete it by the end of this year. So, we are not accumulating cash overseas just to avoid higher income taxes; we are putting it to good use by investing it for growth," the company said.
Zebra also noted its 11 percent tax rate for the second quarter reflects the impact of spending an additional $20 million preparing for the acquisition. Previously, Zebra said its income tax rate was about 20 percent for the same period a year ago.
For multinational companies, it pays to keep stashing overseas profits back into their foreign operations.
Consider Baxter International, a Deerfield-based developer and maker of medical products and drugs. In its annual report, Baxter said that if $12.2 billion in foreign earnings that are being continually reinvested overseas were sent back to the United States, it would face $3.8 billion in federal and state income taxes on that money.
A company representative suggests that the U.S. needs to alter its tax policies if it wants companies based in the U.S. to be competitive and to continue to build operations in the U.S.
"Companies like Baxter have extensive operations all over the globe, and a large base to build from when making decisions related to expansion, new product sourcing, mergers and acquisitions and the like," Baxter spokeswoman Deborah Spak said.
More than 60 percent of Baxter's employees and nearly 60 percent of its revenues come from outside the U.S. Baxter has manufacturing operations in 28 countries, and its products are sold in more than 110 countries.
Similarly, McDonald's, which had an effective tax rate of 32 percent last year, generates 60 percent of its operating income outside the United States. The Oak Brook-based fast-food chain said it will continue to invest in its international operations.
Cash held by McDonald's foreign subsidiaries totaled about $2 billion at the end of 2013. "We do not intend, nor do we foresee a need, to repatriate these funds," McDonald's said.
Northern Trust had an effective tax rate of 32 percent in 2013, with most of the $344 million in corporate income taxes paid in the United States. Pretax earnings of its foreign units are also subject to U.S. taxation when Northern Trust repatriates them here, instead of "indefinitely" reinvesting the profits overseas.
At the end of 2013, the total amount of Northern Trust's pretax earnings held in overseas subsidiaries was $956 million. Northern Trust estimates that its U.S. tax bill on those profits would be $212 million if it hadn't reinvested those earnings overseas.
The United States is one of only a few developed countries that charge taxes on income gained overseas.
An example: A company in the United Kingdom earns $100 in Singapore. The business owes taxes to Singapore on that $100, but owes nothing to the United Kingdom on it.
But a U.S. firm that earns $100 in Singapore owes taxes to Singapore and also owes U.S. tax on the Singapore profit.
The U.S. federal corporate tax rate is 35 percent, so the U.S. company in this case could owe $35 to the United States. That $35 can be reduced by a credit for whatever taxes the firm paid to Singapore, and the U.S. tax isn't paid to the U.S. government until the profits are returned from Singapore.
Sending cash back to the U.S. from overseas can be costly.
Just ask Abbott Laboratories. In the current quarter, the effective tax rate for Abbott rose to 37.6 percent, up from nearly 21 percent in the same period last year. The chief reason: It repatriated, or sent back, more of its foreign earnings to the U.S.
Numbers tell the story: In the recent second quarter, Abbott had pretax operating income of $737 million and paid $277 million in taxes. In the same quarter of 2013, it had pretax operating income of $601 million and paid $125 million in taxes.
In total, Abbott said it expected to repatriate about $2 billion of its foreign earnings during 2014.
AbbVie spinoff results in negative tax rate: Abbott also illustrates how effective tax rates can vary broadly.

What New Yorkers Can Do About Money In Politicsreddit
There's a meme spreading fast through the tubes of the Internets about what explains Governor Cuomo's refusal to debate Zephyr Teachout. Here's one tweet:
So Cuomo won't debate Zephyr Teachout in NY and Abbott won't debate Wendy Davis in TX? Yeah, women have come a long way. #uppers
— Tam Luntz (@TammaraMaiden1) September 6, 2014
It's a fun way to be angry about the outrage of the governor refusing to debate. But I don't think this is really about sexism. It's about money-ism: Zephyr is not entitled to debate the governor not because she's a woman, but because she's a woman without money. (Of course that's not unrelated.) And in this democracy, not to have money is not to be qualified.
This is the same reality Buddy Roemer confronted in 2012. Roemer was the most qualified Republican running for president. He had been a governor, he had served three terms in the House of Representatives, and he had run a successful community bank -- kind of a Tim Pawlenty, Newt Gingrich, and Herman Cain wrapped in one. But Roemer had made money the issue in his campaign, refusing to accept contributions of greater than $100, and refusing PAC money. He was therefore not qualified to even debate the other candidates. Literally. At first, he was told he had to have 1 percent national name recognition to be allowed to debate. When he got that, he was told he needed 2 percent. When he got that, he was told he had to have raised $500k in the prior six weeks. Not to have money means not to be qualified.
For Cuomo, the disdain goes even deeper. If this campaign has shown us anything, it has shown us Andrew Cuomo as Richard Nixon. Like Nixon, he believes the word "independent" only ever appears in scare quotes: Nixon appointed an "independent" prosecutor, and then demanded the special prosecutor take direction from Nixon; Cuomo appointed an "independent" corruption commission and then insisted it was "absurd" to say the governor had no power to stop it from investigating him.
But the likeness is even deeper. There's a meanness that wasn't as obvious before. And a pettiness. If there's one thing great politicians are great at, it is the ability to step outside the fight, and treat each other decently. Watch this from the Labor Day Parade:
The man can't even look her in the face. She's smiling and open, persistent in her effort to engage him. He acts as if he doesn't even see her -- forgetting that as humans, and all recognize the "I'm pretending I don't see you" look.
But even that's not enough for the Nixon of New York. When asked about the encounter, he just can't stop himself from playing the part to a tee.
"Why tell the truth? It's not like she's rich enough to check me."
There's a fundamental line that has been crossed, and I fear we're going to get really angry about it, but not in time. As the story slowly spreads, as the recognition becomes unavoidable, frustration with this "system" is going to overflow. And while the ever-optimists will say, "That's great, because then we can channel that passion into change later," I, unavoidably focused, think we should be channeling that passion right now.
He is our (Democrats) Nixon. Why can't we make him our Eric Cantor? Because to revive this democracy enough to give anyone under 40 a reason to care would require as much.
In a literal sense of the word, it is possible. There are more than enough New York Democrats connected to these tubes to defeat Cuomo. And while there isn't the money in Zephyr's campaign to orchestrate the television commercials that would rally those Democrats, there is the free and still basically open Internet that Tim Wu defends. That platform is still effectively neutral, and it is still possible for everyone touched by these words to reach 10 others, and they 10 others, and so on. Until it becomes as obvious as Lincoln that in a democracy, this behavior is unacceptable. Money is not the measure of a citizen. Or a candidate. And anyone who doesn't get that shouldn't get the chance to call himself the nominee of the Democratic Party. Again.
You know 10 New Yorkers. "Talk" to them -- while the tubes are still open and basically free.
Follow Lawrence Lessig on Tumblr, where this post first appeared .
Follow Lawrence Lessig on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lessig
More:

Seven Reasons to Abolish the ExIm Bankreddit
The charter for the Ex-Im bank expires on September 30 of this year.  Congress must decide whether to continue the bank or not. Here are a few reasons why the Bank must go:
1. Cost: Accounting gimmicks and lofty assumptions hide the real costs the Export-Import Bank poses to taxpayers. While the Bank's authorization dropped to just under $30 billion last year, the amount of risk assessed for the Bank's activities has steadily grown. According to Veronique de Rugy at the Mercatus Center, the risk to which taxpayers are exposed amounted to $114 billion last year. What's more, the Congressional Budget Office tells us that if the Bank's activities were gauged using realistic projections, it would end up costing taxpayers $2 billion over the next ten years.
2. Our government likes to gamble: So long as taxpayers are on the hook for the costs, proponents of the Bank argue it fills a critical role by supplying financing that the private market has deemed too unsafe to undertake. Unbelievably, the Bank's charter actually directs it to take on risky projects in untested sectors, such as dubious green energy ventures. These narrowly tailored directives illustrate that Ex-Im serves to bankroll political agendas, not fill a vacuum in the free market.
3. Racing to the bottom on bad economic policy: That foreign governments leverage their citizens' tax dollars to manipulate export markets does not make it sound economic policy for the United States to do the same.  Academics and government scorekeepers such as the Government Accountability Office and Congressional Research Service have stated that export subsidies may promote activity in the privileged sectors that receive support, but do little to increase overall production in the economy.
4. All together, Ex-Im is NBD: In total, the Bank plays a role in approximately 2 percent of all American exports. This belies the argument that the bank itself represents a critical component for maintaining U.S. competitiveness in export markets.
5. Hitting American workers when they're down: By enticing buyers with sweet financing deals, the bank lowers the cost of capital for foreign firms, allowing them a competitive advantage in the global economy. Laboring under the highest corporate tax rate in the developed world, businesses in the United States already face extraordinary barriers to creating and expanding job opportunities. American workers will face fewer opportunities as long as their tax dollars are used to slant the deck in favor of foreign multinationals.
6. It is a myth that the bank helps small businesses compete against the titans of industry. The miniscule role the Bank plays measured against the entire universe of U.S. exports shows the benefits of the bank are isolated. Data from the Mercatus Center shows that a whopping 76 percent of the Bank's activities directly benefit fewer than ten well-known corporations. In fact, a CRS analysis in 2011 showed that 60 percent of the Bank's funding went to one firm. Meanwhile, research shows that Ex-Im financing goes to less than .04 percent of small businesses.
7. Rife with corruption: the business of doling out taxpayer-funded sweeteners is a lucrative one. This summer, several Ex-Im employees were removed for allegedly accepting kickbacks or working to influence contracts for well-connected companies. The concentration of the Bank's activities in certain industries and amongst specific beneficiaries is suspect. Perhaps worse, there exists no consistent and transparent accounting of how contracts are awarded. Institutions that exist to promote the collusion between Big Government and Big Business are always a bad deal for taxpayers.
Follow Grover Norquist on Twitter: www.twitter.com/GroverNorquist
More:

India not to impose anti-dumping duty on solar panels: Nirmalataxes and duties
The recommendations were against the backdrop of the U.S. dragging India to the WTO with respect to domestic sourcing norms for the national solar mission.
Side-stepping a Commerce Ministry investigation, the Finance Ministry did not notify its recommended anti-dumping duty on imports of solar panels from four countries, including the U.S. and China. Owing to the Finance Ministry’s inaction, the window that was available to India for slapping these restrictive duties aimed at protecting the struggling domestic industry has lapsed.
“There was no notification. We allowed it to lapse,” State Minister for Commerce and Industry (Independent Charge) Nirmala Sitharaman said here on Wednesday addressing a press conference on the 100 days of the Modi Government.
The Commerce Ministry’s quasi-judicial ruling had to be published by the Finance Ministry for which it had a stipulated timeframe of 3 months.
Following a three-year long investigation, the Commerce Ministry had proposed to the Finance Ministry in May restrictive anti-dumping duties in the range of $0.11-0.81 per watt on solar cells imported from the U.S., China, Malaysia and Chinese Taipei.
The investigation had upheld the Indian solar panel manufacturers’ contention that the subsidies the U.S. and Chinese competitors receive from their governments allowed them to dump their products in India at artificially low prices.
Power Minister Piyush Goyal and Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari had both opposed the Commerce Ministry’s recommendation.
Mr. Goyal’s opposition was on the ground that the domestic solar equipment manufacturing capacity was insufficient to meet the government’s ambitious targets for power generation from green energy sources.

Commodities in which you can invest during festive seasonRahul Oberoi        Edition: September 2014
Celebrating Good Times
Indians celebrate a string of festivals between August and November. Then comes the peak marriage season. The result is the rise in demand for some farm commodities and precious metals . This makes a lot of big investors bet on these in the last five months of the year.
For instance, gold, silver and wheat prices have never fallen between August and December in the last five years. So, as the festive season begins, we bring you the price outlook for commodities for which demand generally rises in this period.
Gold: In the last five festive seasons (August-December), gold prices rose 12.8% in 2009, 15.7% in 2010, 17% in 2011, 2.72% in 2012 and 1.23% in 2013. This year, prices have fallen 3.18% between January 1 (Rs 28,815 per 10 gm) and July 28 (Rs 27,900).
"Gold prices slid mainly due to sharp fall in demand. The demand from India and China, the world's biggest consumers, fell 35-40% and 19%, respectively," says Kunal Shah, head, commodity research, Nirmal Bang Commodities.
Latest data from the US indicate the economy there is gaining strength. This usually means a rise in demand for US dollars and fall in gold sales. This is because both these assets compete in the global markets for 'safe haven' status. A rise in demand for one is usually bad news for the other.
Experts say festive demand will rise by 10-20% in the second half of 2014. "We have seen that even a small recovery in demand in the festival season leads to a rise in prices. But we are not expecting any sharp rise. Brighter outlook for the US economy and expectation of rise in interest rates there in 2015 will keep prices in check," says Shah.
Factors that affect gold prices can be classified into traditional and non-traditional. The traditional ones include demand/supply, buying by central banks and changes in gold ETF (exchange-traded fund) holdings. The non-traditional ones are performance of bigger economies, interest rates and inflation expectations.
Silver: The white metal has fallen over 20% in the past one year; it was at Rs 44,360 per kg on August 1 as against Rs 56,435 per kg on September 3 last year. It has been hit far harder than gold since wheels fell off the bull market at the end of 2012, when the Fed began tapering of quantitative easing programme.
'The demand for making various dishes and sweets for festivals can push up wheat prices by 4-5% to Rs 1,690 per quintal in the second half of the year', says Nidhi Chandel, Research Associate at Globe Commodities
Fundamentally, silver lacks impetus as the US economy recovers and its appeal as a safe investment in difficult economic conditions wanes. Also, the market will factor in an early rise in interest rates, which will make many debt instruments more attractive than precious metals. Falling demand in India and China will also impact prices.
Renisha Chainani, manager, research, Edelweiss Comtrade, says silver is in a long-term downtrend. "The festive and marriage season can help, but prices have to sustain above $22 an ounce on the COMEX if they have to head towards $25. In the domestic market, if prices stay above Rs 46,000 per kg, they may rise towards Rs 50,000. If they remain below Rs 44,000, the next stop will be Rs 42,000."
The Gems and Jewellery Export Promotion Council data show a 17% fall in silver bar imports in June. The figure for the first quarter of the financial year is 31.15%. In a bid to reduce the current account deficit by curbing imports, the government had last year raised the import duty on silver from 6% to 10%. "Consequently, imports fell sharply," says Chainani.
Wheat: Wheat prices fell 4.42% to Rs 1,585 per quintal between January 1 and July 28. The main reason was comfortable stock of 39.8 million tonnes as on July 1, good arrivals during the April-May season and falling exports. According to the government, wheat production in 2013-14 was 95.8 mt, higher than the target of 92.5 mt and the previous year's production of 93.5 mt.
Still, experts are bullish on the commodity. "The demand for making various dishes and sweets for festivals can push up prices by 4-5% to Rs 1,690 per quintal in the second half of the year," says Nidhi Chandel, research associate, Globe Commodities.
"Not only this, although the impact of El Nino has dimmed, the weather phenomenon may emerge again between August and September. If that happens, sowing may be hit, leading to a price spike," says Chandel.
El Nino is caused by warming of tropical Pacific ocean. It disrupts wind flows and impacts monsoon.
"The present scenario is marked by abundant availability, large stocks and slowing exports. However, monsoon rain is likely to hit cargo movement. Prices usually firm up after August. Weather concerns cannot be wished away either. The NCDEX September contract is trading at Rs 1,600 per quintal. It has strong support at Rs 1,550 per quintal and resistance at Rs 1,660-1,690 per quintal. We expect a moderately bullish trend in the coming months," says Ajitesh Mullick, AVP, retail research, Religare Commodities.
Cardamom: Cardamom prices rose 33% in January-July due to export demand and shortage of quality supply from Guatemala. Also, delayed rain in the first half of 2014 led to worries about shortages, pushing up prices.
"Despite expectation of higher output in 2014, prices are expected to remain stable due to festive season and export demand. However, new arrivals are likely to cap the upside. Prices will also take cues from output in Guatemala. By the end of 2014, prices may find support around Rs 800 per kg, while resistance may be seen around Rs 1,000, on the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX)," says Naveen Mathur, associate director, commodities and currencies, Angel Commodity Broking. On August 8, cardamom was trading at Rs 915.50 per kg on the MCX.
"India's 2013 cardamom output stood at 20,000 tonnes. For 2014, the figure is estimated to be 22,000-23,000 tonnes," says Mathur.
Refined Soy Oil: India was flooded with cheap refined soy oil imports this year (86% higher in January-June compared to last year). That's why prices fell 1.62% to Rs 685.2 per 10 kg on the NCDEX between January 1 and July 28.
Experts are bullish on the commodity for the short term. Faiyaz Hudani, associate vice president, research, Kotak Commodity Services, says, "The upcoming festive and marriage season may support prices in the short term. But rise in global supply and high imports may cap the upside. Refined soy oil could trade in the range of Rs 700-600 in the next quarter. The bias will be downwards."
"The US, Brazil and Argentina, which account for 80% of the world's soybean production, are expecting a record output in 2014-15," says Hudani.
Click here to Enlarge
Turmeric: Prices have risen 7.96% in the spot market since the start of 2014; they were at Rs 6,114 per quintal on July 31.
A look at the futures price on July 31 shows the market is expecting a rise in prices. "The forward curve is in contango, which means the price is higher compared to the price of the near-month futures contract on the national bourse. In the long term, futures are expected to maintain support above Rs 6,000. The upside may get extended towards Rs 8,000 levels in the days to come, crossing the resistance at Rs 7,000 levels," says DK Aggarwal, chairman and managing director, SMC Investments and Advisors.
The demand for turmeric from pharmaceutical and food industries peaks between September and December. "Low supply in the market before the new crop starts coming in January and festive demand may push up prices," says Aggarwal.
In 2011-12, production was 85 lakh bags (75 kg each), a historic high. With a carry-forward stock of 15 lakh bags, availability was 10 million bags, double the domestic demand of 50 lakh bags. So, in 2012-13, the area under the crop fell. In 2014, production is likely to fall due to poor rainfall in the sowing period and low prices in the last season.
Sugar: The demand for sweets peaks during the festival season. Nikhil Kamath, director, Zerodha, says, "We expect the rally in sugar to continue in the second half of the year with output in Brazil (a major producer) set to fall due to erratic rain there."
This year, sugar prices rose 9% (to Rs 31,00 per quintal) till July 28. One reason, Kamath says, is that the government increased the import duty from 15% to 40% and extended export incentives until September 2014. This triggered fears about shortages in the domestic market.
Gur (jaggery): The performance of gur is usually moderate in the second half of the year. Demand is expected to rise in the festive season.
Also, a lower-than-normal rainfall will reduce cane production and lower the quality of sugarcane.
Rohit Gadia, founder and chief executive officer, CapitalVia Global Research, says, "Technically, we can see consolidation in the next two-three weeks, but for the next one-two months we can expect a fall to Rs 1,160 per 40 kg. If prices find support at this level, we can expect a bounce-back. If they manage to remain above Rs 1,180, further upside can be expected till Rs 1,250 and Rs 1,348 by the end of December.
"Aurobinda Prasad, research head, commodity and currency, Karvy Comtrade, says, "The main reason for the price rise is unseasonal rain and hailstorms in sugar-producing regions, including Uttar Pradesh, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu. Also, costs have risen sharply due to higher cane prices and labour costs. Farmers have sold a large amount of high-quality cane to gur units, which pay 5-10% more than the price fixed by sugar mills.
"We are likely to see production fall by 15-20% this year," says Prasad of Karvy Comtrade.

Mercedes-Benz launches E350 at Rs. 57.4 lakh onwardsautomobile
German luxury car manufacturer, Mercedes-Benz rolled out it top-end of its luxury E-class sedan in a diesel variant – E-350.
The car was launched in Pune on Thursday and is priced at Rs 57.42 lakh (ex-showroom Pune). It is Mercedes-Benz India’s (MBIL) eighth launch this year of the earlier announced plans to launch 10 vehicles in calendar 2014. MBIL’s E-class portfolio in India includes the E200, E250 and E63 AMG.
Speaking to this correspondent, Eberhard Kern said all the models have both petrol and diesel variants though petrol variants account for a fifth of sales. Labeled `Intelligent Superpower’, the car has on board several intelligent drive assist systems like auto parking assist and attention assist.
"There is a high demand for the E-class which has traditionally been our highest selling segment. We have sold more than 25,000 units of E-class since it entered the market in 1995. The E-350 closes the gap that existed in our portfolio."
While MBIL sales grew 25 per cent in the first half of 2014, Mr. Kern said he was confident of a "double digit" growth in the second half of the year as well. "Generally the market was not so good for the last two years but in the last four months there is hope and a positive sentiment although in the luxury car market per se, it is difficult to judge as not all players are reporting sales numbers."
MBIL makes the S, E, C, GL and M-Class at its Chakan facility near Pune which has a capacity of 20,000 units per annum. The E-350 too will be made here as well and Mr. Kern said the CLA-Class will also be made from Pune in 2015. MBIL plans to launch the GLA-Class in the festive season and Mr. Kern was confident of a good response.

$100 billion investment expected in renewable energy in 5 yearsNEW DELHI, September 11, 2014
Updated: September 11, 2014 19:49 IST
$100 billion investment expected in renewable energy in 5 years
Yuthika Bhargava
The Hindu Piyush Goyal, Minister of State for Power, Coal and Renewable Energy, addressing Automotive Component Manufacturers Association (ACMA)'s annual session, in New Delhi on Thursday. Photo: Sandeep Saxena
TOPICS
renewable energy
The Minister for power, coal and renewable energy, Piyush Goyal on Thursday said the government expects an investment of around $100 billion in the renewable energy sector in the next five years and about $50 billion in transmission and distribution in next four years. 
Seeking to reinforce investors’ confidence in the sectors, he stated, “The government means business and we want to attract investments to India.” 
The government is working on a renewable energy policy to attract investments in the space by providing tax breaks and cheaper loans. 
While addressing The Economist India Summit, the minister added that state-run firms Coal India and NTPC both are massive polluters and there are plans to go renewable with both these companies.
 His ministry, which is aiming to provide 24x7 power supply to all citizens in the next five years, has also initiated a process to hold a conference of power ministers from SAARC nations in the national capital.
 “On the lines of Prime Minister Narendra Modi reaching out to India’s neighbours during his swearing-in, we look at relationship with an open mind based on the strength of India’s security interests and better economic relations,” he said.
Meanwhile, speaking at the same event on Power Minister’s promise of 24x7 power supply, Godrej Group Chairman Adi Godrej said the delivery of this is possible in ten years, but may be not in five years.
Further, commenting on the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) approving 10 per cent divestment in Coal India, Goyal said the government does not intend to fully exit Coal India and the Supreme Court's decision on the coal allocation issue will help re-orient the state-owned coal miner.

How Uber and Lyft Stack Up in the United StatesHave Uber and Lyft depleted their U.S. markets?
Photo by David Ramos/Getty Images
Lyft in recent months has accomplished a tremendous feat. Once an afterthought—if a thought at all— in discussions of ride-sharing services, the company has worked its way into practically every conversation about the industry alongside its rival, Uber. This is all the more impressive considering that Uber dwarfs Lyft by just about every measure. Lyft's $700 million valuation is tiny compared with Uber's $18.2 billion estimate. Lyft operates in fewer places than Uber in the U.S. Abroad, it has no foothold, while Uber runs in 45 countries around the world.
To shed more light onto how the two stack up in the U.S. specifically, FutureAdvisor , an online investment management site, examined the purchases of 3.8 million of America's active credit and debit card users. From that sample, FutureAdvisor identified more than 96,000 customers who spent a combined $28.6 million on the two services between June 2013 and May 2014. In that period, more than 82,000 people used Uber, while only about 14,200 employed Lyft. Uber facilitated seven times as many rides as Lyft did and its trips on average were also more expensive. Lyft is growing slightly faster than Uber month-over-month, but Uber is adding more customers, more rides, and more revenue than Lyft in absolute terms.
Chart from FutureAdvisor
Chart from FutureAdvisor
Advertisement
For both riders and weekly revenue, the upward slope of the orange Uber trend line is greater and faster than that of the blue Lyft trend line. On the other hand, when it comes to the rate of growth of new customers in the U.S., both companies are slowing. What was once monthly growth of 15 to 30 percent appears to be leveling out at 9 or maybe 10 percent. That's still fast for corporate America, but less groundbreaking for Silicon Valley.
Chart from FutureAdvisor
Chris Nicholson, a spokesman for FutureAdvisor, said the decreasing growth rates of new customers help explain why competition between Uber and Lyft is so fierce . "They both feel that the only way to maintain their growth rate in the U.S. is to grab each other's market share," he says. If that's the case, the data suggests that Uber is so far doing a better job at getting ahold of its competitor's riders. Of the total riders examined in the set, about 2,400 had used both Uber and Lyft. FutureAdvisor frames this fact as "only 2.5 percent of all riders used both services during the period studied." Put like this, that seems to indicate very little overlap. But using the rider counts FutureAdvisor gives for Uber and Lyft it can also be phrased like this: 3 percent of Uber riders have also used Lyft, while 17 percent of Lyft riders have also used Uber.
There are a couple of potential explanations for this discrepancy. Because Uber operates in more U.S. cities than Lyft, some of its customers simply don't have Lyft as a choice. On the flip side of that, because Lyft is almost always competing against Uber, its customers are more likely to have a choice between the two services and opt for whatever happens to be cheapest and most convenient. That 17 percent figure seems to support what Farhad Manjoo argued a few weeks ago: Lyft and Uber are becoming indistinguishable commodities .
But is it fair to say that the services have so tapped out their ridership in the U.S. that they need to steal each other's users? That's less clear. Sure, Uber is in more than 90 U.S. cities and Lyft in nearly 70 , but those are the low-hanging fruit. People in metropolises are likely to embrace Uber and Lyft as a convenient taxi alternative. But the true goal and value potential of ride-sharing services is to convert people who have no need for taxis from car-owners to Uber and Lyft users—and that market isn't saturated yet. Then again, it's probably easier for Uber to head to new cities overseas and battle Lyft for its share of the lucrative U.S. urban landscape than to try changing the lifestyle habits of non-city-dwelling Americans.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.
 

International manufacturing show draws thousands to McCormick Place0
Doug Oberhelman, chief executive of Peoria-based Caterpillar, which makes mining equipment, said in a call with investors in July that capital expenditure figures have fallen the past two to three years. During the first half of this year, Caterpillar reduced capital expenditures to $710 million, about half the amount the company spent during the year-earlier period.
Brian Papke, president of machinery-maker Mazak, said that while some of his customers have held back from purchasing new equipment, he doesn't expect that trend to continue. One indicator he looks at, he said, is the rate at which companies use their equipment. Historically, he said, when that figure reaches 80 percent, companies buy equipment. That figure is in the high 70s and is inching upward, he said.
Overall, Papke expects sales to be slightly up this year from last year and he is looking forward to "a little more growth next year." Papke said he is selling machinery to companies in industries that are doing well, such as aerospace, automotive, energy and oil. He said he expects growth of the oil and gas industry, buoyed by hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, to accelerate.
"If we look at what's happening in the world and all that instability, it only gives us further reason to be energy-independent, and that's going to stimulate that industry even more," Papke said.
Michael Pappas, president of New Jersey-based Catbridge Machinery, said new products that he sees at the show give him ideas. His company makes machines that print, laminate and coat paper.
Before the show, Pappas had been talking to a Mazak salesman about vertical milling machines and flew to Chicago to close the deal. Once at the Mazak booth, the salesman persuaded him to get a second machine, and they began discussing the possibility of Pappas ordering a third one. In total, he had spent about $600,000.
"We come to the show to formulate our strategy for the next two years," Pappas said.

Oil prices down in Asia after IEA demand downgrade#oil #oil prices #asia #iea
Singapore: Oil prices fell in Asia on Friday after the International Energy Agency slashed its forecast for world crude demand in 2014 and as dealers await key US economic data, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate (WTI) for October delivery was down one cent to US dollar 92.82 while Brent crude for October eased 29 cents to US dollar 97.79 in late-morning trade.
Both WTI and Brent traded at multi-month lows on Thursday before bouncing back to close higher. WTI closed US dollar 1.16 higher in New York while Brent gained four cents in London.
Singapore's United Overseas Bank said oil prices were under pressure due to the bearish outlook for global demand growth by the IEA.
Singapore's United Overseas Bank said oil prices were under pressure due to the bearish outlook for global demand growth by the IEA.
The IEA, which advises on energy policy to industrialised nations, on Thursday said that crude demand will likely grow 1.0 per cent in 2014, or 900,000 barrels per day, down from a previous estimate of 1.0 million barrels a day.
It said the slowdown was due to "ongoing weakness in both European and Chinese economies, coupled with lower-than expected oil deliveries in Japan.
Analysts said dealers are also awaiting the latest US economic data for fresh trading cues.
US retail sales data for August as well as the University of Michigan consumer sentiment index for September will be released later on Friday.
The Ukraine conflict continues to be closely watched by crude investors.
Russia, accused of supporting armed rebels in eastern Ukraine, is the world's number-two oil producer, while Ukraine is a key conduit for Moscow's natural gas exports to Europe.

Market Outlook - Short TermCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

As music sales fall  saxophone player Kenny G turns to stockpickingBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Sony Xperia C3 review: Good selfies  but not best selfie cameraThe Sony Xperia C3 is a good overall phone. While both the cameras are good, don’t buy this phone just for the clickers. Plus, this is a bit expensive for a phone with just 8GB storage and 1GB RAM.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:35 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 11:07 am
Of late all of Sony’s phones have been pushing for better camera quality. After the 4k on the flagship Xperia Z2, the new Sony Xperia C3 sports what the company calls the best selfie camera. But can a 5MP phone camera make a phone better equipped to shoot selfies? We took the C3 for a spin during the IFA in Berlin.
Quick Tech Specs: 5.5-inch IPS LCD 720 x 1280p display | Quad Core 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor | 1GB RAM | 8GB internal memory, microSD slot for 32GB  | 8MP rear camera, 5MP front | dual micro-SIM (GSM) | 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4 | 2500 mAH battery | Android Kitkat
Price: Rs 23,990
Design: The C3 follows the design language that is now becoming the trademark of Xperia devices. This one too has a super thin body with a metal frame running around it. The power, volume and camera buttons are on the right. However, the volume rocker seems a bit awkwardly placed, coming under the power buttons halfway down the phone. What makes this a selfie phone is the front flash. Also, this is not a waterproof phone, so the micro USB  is not under a flap. I had a green review unit, which was girly to say the least. Also, don’t forget to buy a good cover as the body seemed to attract a lot of dirt.
Display: The C3 has a HD display that is clear and sharp. However, I found some of the default fonts and notifications to be a bit too small to be read easily at first. You might need to adjust this to suit your requirements. The display can be bright enough to work in sunlight.
Performance: I had absolutely no issues using those C3 over a period of almost 10 days. Not once did the phone stall, not once did an app lag. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processors makes this a optimised performer, with everything running smoothly like a well oiled machine. Some people might find the 1GB RAM a bit low for a phone like this.
 
Camera: This is the part that is important for this phone, after all this is the USP Sony is trumpeting around. The rear camera is fast and snappy, but it is definitely not a stunner like the Z2. It can click some good pictures, but we did not see any stunner even with a great surrounding like Berlin. The Full HD video recording came in very handy though and I shot a lot of video of new devices at IFA using the same. However, it did get a bit laggy while panning video. The stills, meanwhile, have a tendency to appear sharper than needed.
But then it is the front camera that is different. Firstly, the phone does not shoot in 5MP by default. While the default shots are 3MP, with an aspect ratio of 16:9, you have to shift to 5MP when you need it. Here that aspect ratio is 4:3, which might not be all that great when you are shooting with a monument in the background. I tried lots of selfies and most of them came out good. The flash is of use when you are shooting with the sun behind you. There is smile recognition, but it does not always work. The double tap on the rear is another way to shoot a selfie, but I found that this ends up shaking the phone before the shot. A pre-burned selfie app would have been a great help in this phone. Yes, it clicks a better selfie, but we are not sure if it clicks the best.
Another small issue is that the pictures were saving in a small size. Most pictures I shot ended up being 30kb files, which is  strange for an 8MP camera.
Battery: The battery life is pretty good and can last more than 24 hours with average use.
Storage: The phone has just 8GB storage and you will need to invest in a SD card as soon as you buy the phone.
Verdict: The C3 is a good overall phone. While both the cameras are good, don’t buy this phone just for the clickers. Look at this if you need a complete phone with some sacrifices being made for good build quality and a brand everyone recognises. Plus, this is a bit expensive for a phone with just 8GB storage and 1GB RAM.

World Stocks Drift as Investors Await Fed MeetingPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Rostec head added to EU sanctions listLast updated: September 13, 2014 11:54 am
US targets Gazprom in new round of sanctions
By Courtney Weaver in Moscow and Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e23c932-3a50-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kashmir floods: Sailing to safety on Jugaads ArkComments
On Sunday morning, a TV news channel flashed images of a crèche being engulfed by the swirling waters of the Jhelum. Baby swings and toys floated in the muddy water alongside sofas and other household materials in the posh Rajbagh area of Srinagar.
 
Anxiety immediately overcame me as I realised the place shown in those images was only 4-5 km away from Natipora, where my wife and our 14-month-old son were trapped on the first floor of my in-laws’ house.
 
I decide to fly to Srinagar, although I wasn’t sure how I could help except turning up at my brother’s apartment in Sanat Nagar, one of the few areas that escaped the flooding and which was the closest I could get to my besieged family.
 
As the plane landed, I could see the devastation. A vast swathe of land in the suburbs of Srinagar was submerged. If it were not for the tall poplar trees sticking out of the water, I would have mistaken it for a small lake. The airport cabbies were unexpectedly generous and they drove me to my brother’s place for half the normal fare. This was a glimpse of the camaraderie I was going to witness at every step.
 
About 3pm on Monday, I hitched a ride to the Nowgam intersection from where my in-laws’ house was about one-and-half km. The road was six feet under water; the house could be accessed only by boat. From here, small groups of volunteers were using contraptions of every sort to ferry people: plywood sheets tied to tyre tubes; empty plastic cans and water bottles wrapped with fishing net and tied to wooden planks; three sleeping mattresses tied with plastic rope. Some were riding solo in a corrugated iron sheet shaped into a boat or a half-cut water tank. These seemingly unreliable jugaads have saved hundreds.
 
None of the volunteers consented to go to my in-laws’, saying the water level near my wife’s place was too high. My wife’s three uncles had been vainly trying as well since morning. The only official who had visited this point was an officer at the local police station. He had been nearly lynched by the people for not doing anything.
 
Then we were told that National Disaster Relief Force’s boats were operating from another point, exactly outside the Met officein a place called Barzulla. I and my wife’s three uncles drove to this point in a car. It was 5pm. The approaching dark accentuated the misery writ on the faces of the rescued people who were being ferried in boats--- old women barely able to walk, children from a madrasa crying and chanting Allah-u-Akbar.
 
A woman grew hysterical, shouting at the NDRF men that a boat takes two to three hours to make a round trip. At this pace, they will never get to her family in Padshahi Bagh, the worst hit area, barely a kilometre away. She yelled even more loudly when she was shown a few boats whose motorised propellers were not working.  Another man refused to get down from a boat, insisting that his children and ailing parents are trapped in the second story of the home. He was promptly removed. A total of 20 boats had been pressed into service, including the one whose motors were bust. The crowd told me that no boat has made more than one trip, each bringing not more than seven or eight people. This disembarkation point is close to a huge CRPF camp and the ‘samadhis’ of Dogra Maharajas. Barring NDRF men, no security personnel were involved in the rescue operation at this spot.
 
I despaired at the sluggish pace of the operation.  The urge to flash my media credentials and board one of these boats nearly overcame me at one point. I watched silently, standing in knee deep water, shivering. The din of the crowd frequently got drowned in the sound of helicopters that were dropping food packets in rural areas and possibly ferrying people to safety.
 
The priority of the rescue teams was the people at greater risk in the interiors of the nearby areas. My in-laws’ sturdy, three storied brick-and-concrete house was on the roadside. Therefore, they were not a priority. At about 6pm, the waiting crowd thinned. Two boats unloaded another lot of relieved survivors. The rescue timing was drawing to a close.
 
My wife’s youngest uncle and a man whose entire family was stranded in one of the danger zones requested the NDRF men if they could make a trip to Natipora, given that finding my in laws’ house in dark would not be a problem. They agreed.
 
Boats kept arriving. I flashed my smartphone’s ‘powerful’ flashlight at every arrival. It was 8.24pm and no sight of the boat I wanted to see. The NDRF men told me all boats but two had arrived and the rescue operation was being called off. A couple of minutes later, my wife’s uncle returned delivering the good news that my wife and son were safe at her aunt’s house untouched by the flood. But who rescued them?
 
On a prayer and a 'jugaad's ark'
 
It turned out that my two brothers-in-law had been requesting every passing boat to at least take my wife and son to safety. But, as I said earlier, people stranded on upper stories of their houses were not a priority. The two then took to jugaad.
 
They rolled up sheets of plastic foam into bundles and tied them up with ropes. Three such bundles were fastened with ropes to four sheets of foam. The entire thing was wrapped with a waterproof camping tent. To test whether the contraption was fit for a 2-km ride with five people on board, my brothers-in-law first rode it to the next door neighbour’s sprawling premises. Once the reliability of the contraption was established, the rescue act began. Soon, my wife, son and my sister-in-law were sailing to safety.
I drove to my wife’s aunt’s home, hugged my son and took a selfie.
 
Inspired by the success of the ‘foam catamaran’, many in the neighbourhood made their own versions of it and sailed to safety, while others put them to other uses, like transporting eatables and water.
 
But securing the safety of my wife and son did not end my worries. My parents, an 80-year-old aunt who had suffered a head injury last week, my younger brother, my sister, brother-in-law and their two daughters, aged eight and four, were still stranded at our home in Bemina.
 
We were under the impression that our locality had been spared the devastation, but on Tuesday evening a friend informed us that about three feet of the ground floor of our house in Bemina was under water.
 
My brother asked me, a late riser, to get up by 6am so that we can be the first to get onto an army rescue boat. Since the communication systems were not working, we had no idea of how our parents were doing.
 
It was on Wednesday my brother and I drove in his car to the nearest rescue point at Tengpora, two-and-half km from our home. An army officer was issuing and receiving directions on a wireless set. We were told seven boats that could ferry 10-15 people each had left half an hour ago.
These boats were meant for evacuation of a population of at least 30,000 people in Tengpora, parts of Bemina and Batamaloo. Even this seemingly insignificant effort was delayed by people who competed among themselves to navigate the boats to their homes or localities first. Propeller motors of four other boats were not working.
Three soldiers were recording everything with camcorders, especially the sailing of the boats. Half a dozen army trucks ferried people to this point from nearby Hyderpora as the road was knee deep in floodwaters. The army had also set up a tent where medicines were being dispensed and the sick examined.
 
In a natural disaster, the army’s role promptly becomes sacrosanct. In case of Kashmir, however, it also becomes a tool to whip up nationalistic passions and flay ‘separatists’. But if one were to drop a microphone from a chopper and ask the stranded people in various areas about the reality of the rescue operations by various agencies, including the army, their responses would make the questions like “where are the separatists now” appear very vulgar. That is probably why a lesser known TV channel's reporter, who had flown from Delhi, and his Kashmiri cameraman (name withheld on request) were thrashed by a crowd at Sanat Nagar for what they termed as biased reportage.
 
As if by instinct, people had realised that nothing was going to be achieved by the rescue effort as it stood on the ground. People of means had managed to procure inflatable boats. The less privileged were sailing in the jugaads and struggling hard in deep waters. My brother and I estimated that we could get within 70 metres of our house via an embankment of a flood channel. It was a two kilometre walk.
 
The embankment at first seemed like an elongated open air gaushala. Scores of cows and sheep had been moved to the banks by their owners when the water started rising. Shivering dogs which had managed to swim up to the banks were soaking up the sun. (About 100,000 stray dogs in Srinagar city are considered a menace. Thousands of cattle and canines are feared dead and their carcasses a major health threat once the water recedes.)
 
Water, water everywhere
 
This embankment became the only connecting route between people who were safe and scores of areas in old Srinagar and its suburbs. Families had erected makeshift tents and volunteers were distributing food items and water.
 
A lanky teenager, Zubair, along with a dozen other people, was evacuated by a group of volunteers from a mosque where they had been stranded since Sunday night in Tengpora. According to Zubair, the water rose abruptly and they could not move out in time. They hadn’t eaten or drunk anything since then. My brother’s childhood friend, a stout six-and-a half-foot hunk, cried like a baby. His two kids were stranded at their grandparents’ home in the old city.
 
I didn’t see any civilian or army official along this route. After covering the distance, we reached the Bemina intersection on the arterial Jammu-Baramulla-LoC highway. From this intersection, we waded in knee deep water and reached outside the narrow lane to our home.  The lane is submerged under six feet of water and no passing civilian boat consented to take us there. Helicopters are flying every ten minute or so. One of them drops a few packets at a distance and I laugh. In the afternoon, we return dejected.
 
At Tengpora, former Asian Age reporter Jehangir Ali showed me a letter hastily dropped at his home by Mail Today’s Kashmir correspondent and my friend Naseer Ganai. The letter said that Naseer had taken his ailing father to a relative’s house in Chadoora once he sensed water would soon inundate his home. He was concerned about the whereabouts of a few other family members. Jehangir told me that Naseer had left crying.
 
There are a plethora of images and stories in a land rendered boringly uniform by flood waters: An angelic infant being pushed by its father to safety in a baby swimming pool; a volunteer feeding biscuits to a dog; a man spreading documents on the bonnet of his car to dry. He tells me that he had abandoned the car on the highway when the water rose dangerously.
 
My wife’s cousin tells me that a puppy held onto to the branch of a creeper in their garden for nearly three hours with its teeth and paws. When the water receded a bit, it swam a distance and reunited with the waiting mom. At Tengpora point, a man shouts:  “Bastards, they locked me up for a night saying I was a thief. I had gone to rescue people. Bastards”.
 
One of the many surprises thrown up by the flood is the threat of thieves. Many people are refusing to abandon submerged houses fearing robberies. My wife’s grandfather had stubbornly refused to leave the house citing the same reason. You can’t fault people for such fears because there is no one to reassure them, not even the huge army of volunteers visiting all areas, bringing along eatables, medicines, milk, water and other necessities.
 
My version of the flood story is limited because I could visit only a small area. Since I had no contact with the outside world, I didn’t know what was happening in other flooded areas of the valley. During my own efforts to reach out to my kin, I spotted only three politicians: BJP’s Hina Bhat who was overseeing the evacuation of her father and former MLA Mohammad Shafi Bhat. People’s Conference chief Sajjad Lone, whose home is close to one of the biggest relief camps in Sanat Nagar. He had opened a free medicine service and his party men were carrying out relief work, I was told. The only Hurriyat leader, Nayeem Khan, was driving around in a Scorpio till late Tuesday night, visiting a few relief camps and affected areas.
 
Thousands of youth are engaged in relief measures in a disorganised manner, which wastes much of the effort. A Gurdwara in Baghat area of the city, where hundreds of rescued Sikhs are putting up, has shown the way. Dozens of community kitchens set up by Muslims often refer to the impeccably smooth relief operations of the Gurdwara as an example of how voluntary services need to be conducted.
 
It is time for soul searching too. The old city is built on the banks of the Jhelum and many of its satellites in the suburbs are built very close to its tributaries, flood channels and wetlands. Most housing colonies are built on paddy land, low-lying filled-up marshes and wetlands. The unregulated housing in these areas over the past five decades makes the city vulnerable to floods. The survivors were not only cussing at their own stupidity but also cursing the successive governments for allowing land sharks to shape up a city.
 
Everywhere I went people complained about the non-existent flood control measures. The flood vindicates them. The elderly spoke of the times when after heavy rains the flood control department officials would erect tents in high-risk areas. The tents would be equipped with wireless sets and public address systems. This time, they said, when the met office was preparing the people for the deluge, the administration was absent on the ground.
 
Final rescue
 
Unconfirmed reports of houses falling and stranded people complaining of drinking water shortage increased our worries. On Thursday, I hitched a ride to Tengpora and went straight to the point where rescue boats launch their sorties.
 
A few soldiers watched on as two men refused to get down from the boat. Each wanted the rescuers to pick up his kin first. A feisty Sikh soldier asked his comrades to let the two fight and return to the army trucks standing nearby. I asked the soldier how many boats were out there for evacuating the people. He said 10. I swallowed up anger. Instead of taking the embankment route, this time I decided to walk the submerged road. After 20 minutes of wading through groin-deep muddy waters, I reached my locality’s service lane, in Bemina, and waited for some benevolent owner of a boat to pass by and help me and my brother to reach home.
 
Luckily, one of our neighbours, a mid-level bureaucrat, had paid a shikara man Rs. 15,000 to ferry his mother, a mentally-challenged brother and some other family members to the main road. The shikara had attempted to evacuate them yesterday too but the old woman had refused to leave the house. On Thursday, she couldn’t say no.
 
Once the family was evacuated, we requested the shikara owner if he could undertake one more trip. He agreed. Finally, we reached home, relieved to find that water supply was on and my sister’s family had managed to leave in the same boat yesterday. We took the aunt along as she needed frequent dressings.
 
My younger brother and parents said they will wait it out for a couple of days more, hoping the water will recede fast. We delivered food, milk powder, medicines and juices.
 
Most people were sailing in the same boat, making treacherous trips to get as close as they could to their kin and, if possible, evacuate them to safe places. They had no way of knowing about the situation in other areas.
 
If only the government had made some arrangement to update people about the situation in various areas, much of the chaos could be avoided. Phones had started working by Thursday morning. But there was no electricity in the flooded areas and the batteries were dead. People with pre-paid SIMs had exhausted their minutes. Radio and TV networks were not working.
 
Small gatherings, analysing the floods, often repeated, and aptly so, a Kashmir saying which sums up the situation: yupis kya kari shup, will a shield stop a flood?

Nifty Snaps 3-Day Loss to Regain 8 100You are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Flat; Midcap, Smallcap Stocks Outshine
NDTV | Updated On: September 12, 2014 11:26 (IST)
BSE Sensex and Nifty struggled today as investors remained cautious ahead of inflation and factory output data to be released later in the day.
Mixed global markets and a volatility in the rupee also weighed on sentiment.
However, midcap and smallcap stocks continued to outperform the frontline stocks. The BSE midcap and smallcap indices were up nearly 0.2 per cent.
Market analyst Rajat K Bose said though fundamentals of the economy are yet to catch up with the markets, positive sentiment is keeping the market supported. Higher participation from domestic investors is giving momentum to midcap and smallcap stocks, he adds.
Nifty faces resistance at the 8,126-8,143 zone and decisive close below 8,045 could lead to a deeper correction, he says.
Among major Nifty losers, Sun Pharma fell 2.7 per cent after its Taro unit recalled two lots of a key drug on September 2, citing failed content uniformity specifications, according to the US FDA.
Among gainers, Cipla, Bharti, Lupin and Asian Paints gained over 1 per cent.
Elsewhere, in other global markets, Asian shares traded mixed after a muted close on the Wall Street. Overnight, US stocks recovered from early losses, with the S&P 500 managing a slight gain.
The Sensex was up 16 points at 27,012 while Nifty was flat at 8,084. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 11:26 (IST)

South Africas exceptionalism is dangerousSeptember 12, 2014 10:52 am
The Oscar Pistorius trial is not a parable
By Mark Gevisser
South African exceptionalism may be why we felt so betrayed by the Olympian, writes Mark Gevisser
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11b94cc2-39b1-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CBI director files affidavit in SC in guest list caseGuest list case: CBI director Ranjit Sinha files affidavit in SC
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 17:03 IST
CBI Director Ranjit Sinha
Central Bureau of Investigation of India (CBI) director Ranjit Sinha , who has come under scrutiny for allegedly entertaining accused in 2G and coal scams at his official residence here, on Friday filed his affidavit responding to allegations levelled against him in a sealed envelope before the Supreme Court.
The affidavit has been filed in compliance of the order of the apex court which had on September 8 directed him to respond to the averments made against him, holding that they were 'serious' in nature.
The court had asked the CBI director to file the affidavit, saying, "Whatever you want to tell us, tell us in black and white."
The matter will be taken up for further hearing on September 15.
During the last hearing, the bench had taken serious objection to Sinha's reluctance to file an affidavit on merits of the allegations and had directed him to file his response on a plea for a direction to the Centre to take steps for his removal and for ordering an Special Investigation Team (SIT) probe against him for allegedly abusing his authority.
The bench had taken on record a register of entry list/ guest list at the CBI director's residence which was handed over by advocate Prashant Bhushan in a sealed envelope.
Bhushan had submitted that some unknown persons had turned up at his residence and had given him the documents without revealing their identities.
He had pleaded before the court to take the documents on record in safe custody as these may be destroyed.
The bench had also taken on record a list of 23 Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) officials and four CBI constables, who were manning the gate of the director's residence at 2, Janpath in the national capital here.
Bhushan, counsel for NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation, has alleged that several accused and officials of accused companies in the 2G scam and other cases have been frequent visitors to Sinha's residence.
He has also alleged that Sinha was trying to protect some accused and sought his removal from the post.

 Snowman Logistics Shares Soar 70% on Market DebutYou are here: Home Market
Snowman Logistics Shares Soar 70% on Market Debut
NDTV | Updated On: September 12, 2014 15:47 (IST)
Gold, Silver Rebound on Global Cues
Shares in Snowman Logistics - an integrated temperature controlled logistics service provider - jumped 70 per cent in its debut on Friday. The stock, which got allotted at Rs 47 apiece, ended at Rs 79.80 on the National Stock Exchange.
The company had got a very good response for its IPO last month. The issue was oversubscribed nearly 60 times. Even the quota of retail investors got subscribed 41 times.
Snowman Logistics raised nearly Rs 200 crore through the IPO. Snowman plans to use the proceeds from the public issue towards setting up new temperature controlled and ambient warehouses, long term working capital, and for general corporate purposes.
In an interview to NDTV, Ravi Kannan, CEO & director, Snowman Logistics said the company will use Rs 80 crore to retire its bridge loan, post which Snowman's total debt would come down to Rs 100 crore.
The company plans to invest Rs 120 crore to add eight more facilities across India, which will take Snowman to 25 warehouses, Mr Kannan added.
Dairy products including ice cream, sea food and Quick Service Restaurants are the biggest product categories for Snowman.
Valuations:
At current market price, Snowman Logistics is trading at over 50 times its earnings per share. Mr Kannan told NDTV that valuations are fair because the company has grown its revenues at 35 per cent CAGR, while ebitda has grown at 82 per cent. Volumes have risen by 60-70 per cent over the last year, he added.
However, independent analyst Sanjeev Bhasin told NDTV that investors should book profits and invest in Nifty companies.
Snowman's parent Gateway Distriparks ended 1.63 per cent lower. Other logistics firms also gained on relative valuations. Gati ended 0.08 per cent higher, Container Corp of India closed 0.63 per cent higher, while Balmer Lawrie and Co advanced 0.11 per cent.
(With inputs from PTI and Reuters)
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 15:47 (IST)

Exploring possibility of integrating GOQii platform with Apple Watch: Vishal GondalBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Crucial bypolls tomorrow; will Modi magic work this timeBypolls for 33 assembly, 3 Lok Sabha seats today; spotlight on UP
Saubhadra Chatterji , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 12, 2014
First Published: 17:28 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 04:03 IST(13/9/2014)
Comments
The results of Saturday’s by-elections for three Lok Sabha and 33 assembly seats may not alter any ruling political equation in the states or the Centre, but they will be an indicator of the popularity of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and opposition parties ahead of four assembly elections likely by the end of the year.
They also pose a key question on the future of the Samajwadi Party (SP) and Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) in Uttar Pradesh.
The BJP swept to power on the back of a so-called Modi wave this summer, but failed to maintain the momentum in last month’s by-elections in four states where it lost a majority of seats to the Congress party and its allies.
The BJP and its allies together won only eight of the 18 seats that went to the polls while the Congress and its allies won 10.
This time around, political pundits are looking to see which way the wind blows in the Saturday bypolls spread across Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Assam, Gujarat, Tripura, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Sikkim.
 
The results of two Lok Sabha seats — Vadodara which was vacated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Medak in Telangana — are unlikely to throw any surprises. But Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav’s prestige is at stake in his home turf Mainpuri, the third Lok Sabha seat.
Read: Irrespective of result, Mainpuri poised to script electoral history
 
In the last Lok Sabha polls, a large number of OBCs and Dalits rallied behind the BJP across the Hindi belt. The shift dented the SP and BSP’s support base in the largest electoral state. The SP won just seven seats while Mayawati’s BSP drew a blank.
 
The grand alliance of the RJD-JDU-Congress could halt the BJP’s charge into this caste base. In the absence of such an alliance in Uttar Pradesh, any further losses may lead to an existential crisis for the two caste-based parties.
 
If the opposition parties -- especially the Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh, the Congress in Rajasthan, Gujarat and Assam -- can stop the BJP’s march, their claim about the Modi wave waning will receive a further boost.
Read: Forest guards, boats coax Chauburji villagers to vote
 
With elections in Maharashtra and Haryana due next month, any by-election victory will also give the beleaguered Congress a fresh face saver after its humiliating Lok Sabha defeat.
 
But it may not be so easy for the opposition. Of the 33 seats, 11 are in Uttar Pradesh where the BJP swept 71 of 80 Lok Sabha seats.
In Gujarat and Rajasthan, where 13 assembly seats are up for grabs, the opposition could not even open its account in the general election.
Three seats are heading for the polls in Congress-ruled Assam where the BJP bagged 50% of Lok Sabha constituencies.
Read: 'Achche din' missing in BJP's UP bypoll campaign
 
In West Bengal, the ruling Trinamool Congress will be desperate to win both seats as it wants to show that the Saradha scam has not hurt the party’s prospects.
For the BJP, a win or even a number two position in the results from Assam and Bengal will further cement its position as a fast emerging force, replacing traditional opposition parties like AGP and Left, respectively.
The by-elections in Chhattisgarh, Sikkim, Andhra and Tripura will test if the ruling parties can further consolidate their positions. Tripura is the only state where the Left is in power.

FinMin to seek Cabinet nod to bring stake in banks to upto 52%Press Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 05:00 PM IST
FinMin to seek Cabinet nod to bring stake in banks to upto 52%
The Finance Ministry is finalising the draft Cabinet note on reducing government stake in PSU banks to up to 52 per cent as part of recapitalisation drive.
The Finance Ministry is finalising the draft Cabinet note on reducing government stake in PSU banks to up to 52% as part of recapitalisation drive.
In 2010, the then Cabinet had approved a proposal to keep the minimum shareholding of government to 58% in the public sector banks in order to provide buffer for the future.
A draft note is now being finalised for taking blanket approval from the Cabinet to bring down government the minimum stake in state-owned banks from 58% to up to 52% as and when required. It would soon be circulated to different ministries for their feedback, sources said.
As per law, government holding at any moment must not come below 51% to maintain the public sector character of PSU banks.
At present, government shareholding in various banks varies between 56.26% (Bank of Baroda) and 88.63% (Central Bank of India).
Public sector banks require equity capital of Rs 2.4 lakh crore by 2018 to meet Basel III norms. For the current fiscal, the government has allocated Rs 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation.
The government has infused an amount of Rs 58,600 crore between 2011 to 2014.
During the current fiscal, sources said, SBI and PNB may be among the first banks to tap capital market this financial year to raise funds to meet global risk norms Basel III.
State Bank of India (SBI) is the country's largest bank and government holds 58.60% stake. Punjab National Bank is the second largest PSU bank, in which government holding is 58.87%.
The capital would be raised through various instruments and at different times depending on the best valuation, they said. It will be done through a combination of FPO and QIP. Besides, banks could raise through bonds and selling assets.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget speech had said that "to be in line with Basel-III norms there is a requirement to infuse Rs 2,40,000 crore as equity by 2018 in our banks. To meet this huge capital requirement we need to raise additional resources to fulfil this obligation".
While preserving the public ownership, the capital of these banks will be raised by increasing the shareholding of the people in a phased manner through the sale of shares largely through retail to common citizens of this country, the minister had said.
"Thus, while the government will continue to have majority shareholding, the citizens of India will also get direct shareholding in these banks, which currently they hold indirectly," he had said.
 Advertisements

July IIP at 0.5% vs 3.4% in June; August CPI dips marginally to 7.8%You are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
July IIP at 0.5% versus 3.4% in June; August CPI dips marginally to 7.8%
ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 05.37PM IST
Tags:
July IIP
(The Index of Industrial…)
NEW DELHI: After a good run, macro data turned disappointing again with industrial production barely expanding in July and consumer inflation easing only marginally in August, but some indicators for last month suggest moderation in July growth could be an exception in an otherwise improving economy.
The Index of Industrial Production (IIP) rose 0.5 per cent in July from a year ago, the slowest in four months, data released by the statistics office showed. The simultaneously released Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation slowed to 7.8 per cent in August from nearly 8 per cent in the previous month. The consensus had been for a rise of more than 1.5 per cent in industrial production and a bigger drop in the inflation rate.
"The economic environment has definitely improved though the July data does not show that. We are hopeful of IIP growing between 3 per cent and 3.5 per cent against no growth last year. July seems like a one-off case," said DK Joshi, chief economist, Crisil. India's GDP expanded 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter, the highest growth in two years, indicating that the economy was coming out of a prolonged slowdown.
Although July industrial growth numbers are a dampener, indicators for August suggest this could be a blip. Car sales rose 15 per cent in August and indirect tax revenue growth rose to 9 per cent in the month compared with 4.9 per cent rise in July, suggesting a pickup in the domestic economy.
"July's 0.5 per cent growth looks like an aberration. Next month's number will likely be on a higher side. The high electricity numbers will reflect in manufacturing growth with a lag of one-two months," said Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic adviser, State Bank of India. "While today's number was dismal and we remain watchful of the trend, especially the fragile growth in consumer goods segment, it doesn't nullify the optimistic outlook we hold for Indian economy for FY15. Our analysis shows that improved consumer confidence, as outlined through auto sales data should ultimately start to reflect in the IIP readings," said Shubhada Rao, chief economist, Yes Bank Industry was not so sanguine.
"While we were hoping that the slowdown in manufacturing had bottomed out, it appears from July numbers that manufacturing may not out be out of the woods," Ficci said in a release urging more measures from the government. There was more to look forward to in inflation numbers. Consumer food inflation went up 9.42 per cent from 9.36 per cent in the previous month but with the monsoon improving dramatically in September, a further spike is unlikely.
Declining crude and vegetables prices will provide further relief with a cut in diesel prices on the cards. However, most experts still expect the RBI to hold interest rates when it reviews monetary policy on September 30. Retail inflation is still close to RBI's March 2015 target of 8 per cent.
"We do not expect RBI to change its stance in the upcoming credit policy announcement later this month and thereby the repo rate is likely to remain unchanged," Care Ratings said in a statement.The possibility of a rise in interest rates in the US could also keep pressure on the central bank to maintain status quo. The numbers were released after the markets closed - the BSE Sensex had closed 0.24 per cent higher at 27,061.04 points. The moderation in industrial production was driven by a 1 per cent fall in manufacturing output, the first decline in the current fiscal, with 10 out of 22 sub-sectors contracting. Electricity was, however, the silver lining in Friday's data, with an impressive 11.7 per cent growth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s forex reserves fell by $1.327 billionIndia's forex reserves fell by $1.327 billion
ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 06.04PM IST
Tags:
foreign exchange reserves
(India's foreign exchange…)
KOLKATA: India's foreign exchange reserves fell by $1.327 billion in the week to September 5, as the country's central bank sold dollars to prevent currency volatility.
There was some pressure on the Indian currency as an effect of dollar's strength globally after the US Federal Reserves said that it may withdraw monetary easing sooner than what is being anticipated. This would make US bonds more attractive and lure investors from emerging markets.
The forex reserves now stood at $317.313 billion, Reserve Bank of India said in its weekly statistical bulletin.
Governor Raghuram Rajan last week said that RBI is preparing for the withdrawal exit from low rates by the US policy makers by building "adequate level" of reserves and curbing volatility in foreign exchange market.
India's reserves now covers about eight months of import bill.
Foreign currency assets, a key component of reserves, fell by $1.029 billion to $290.364 billion. Reserves held in gold fell by $241 million to $20.933 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Snowman Logistics makes debuts on BSE; scrip surges over 40%Snowman Logistics makes debuts on BSE; scrip surges over 40%
Symphony now large-cap company  plans unit at Kandla SEZHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Symphony now large-cap company, plans unit at Kandla SEZ
Our Bureau
Ahmedabad, Sept 12:  
 
Having entered the large-cap league, leading air-cooler manufacturer Symphony Ltd plans to set up an assembly unit, with a capacity of two lakh units per annum, at the Special Economic Zone at Kandla in Gujarat.
Achal Bakeri, Chairman and Managing Director, told reporters here on Friday that the company plans to start commercial operations at this new unit by December 2015. The new plant will be set up on a lease basis, mainly as an assembling facility, so not much investment is expected.
The unit’s location next to Kandla port is expected to provide a logistic advantage, particularly for exports. The company also expects to get cent per cent income tax break for five more years. Also, Symphony plans to launch new models at Kandla.
Meanwhile, Symphony has entered the large-cap category as its market capitalization has increased from Rs 2.80 crore a decade ago to over Rs 5,000 crore now. In a decade, the company’s share price has increased over 1,800 fold from 80 paisa on September 13, 2004, to Rs 1,456 per share when it closed on the BSE on Friday. That is, Rs 1,000 invested in the shares of Symphony on that day has now grown to Rs 18.75 lakh on Friday, he said. 
For the year ended June 2014, the company posted net profit of Rs 105.72 crore on a turnover of Rs 532.42 crore. In the last 5 years, its CAGR was 34% in sales and 30% in net profit. Symphony has reserves and surplus of Rs. 268.84 crore as on June 2014. 
Symphony, which virtually became bankrupt in 2002, exited from all product categories and focused only on air coolers. In 2008, it acquired the Mexico-based Impco Air Coolers, which had patented cooling technology called “evaporative cooling”. Now the company is market leader in India’s air cooler industry with 50% market share in value terms among the organized players.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

NSEL case: FIR registered for smearing judge...Facebook post
(An FIR has been registered…)
MUMBAI: An FIR has been registered against the handler of a Facebook account and some of its members for allegedly posting a photograph of a Bombay High Court judge and smearing his face with black ink and making offensive remarks against him for recently granting bail to crisis-hit NSEL's promoter and prime accused Jignesh Shah .
The Facebook account has also misused the national emblem on the page, police said quoting complainant Naveen Chomal , who is a senior advocate.
According to BKC Cyber police station, an FIR was registered against the handler and few members of 'NIF NSEL Investors FORUM' account on the social networking site last night after Chomal had on September 4 drawn the attention of Mumbai Police Crime Branch towards the offensive posts against Justice Abhay Thipsay, who granted bail to Shah on August 22.
The accused have been booked under the relevant sections of the Information Technologies Act and The State Emblem of India (Prohibition of Improper Use) Act, 2005, said Dinkar Shilvate, inspector at BKC cyber cell police station.
The controversial social networking account has been allegedly created by aggrieved investors of the scam-hit NSEL, which is part of the Financial Technologies (India) Limited group founded by Shah, police said.
"I was shocked to find that they have posted a photograph of Justice Abhay Mahadev Thipsay with his face blackened," Chomal told PTI.
"Further the investors have also shared some posts saying "Abhay Thipsay Hay Hay". A post reads 'this type of corrupt judges to be executed in public', referring to the Judge," the lawyer said adding that, "he has furnished the links of these objectionable posts to the police."
Chomal stated that the investors had legal remedies to properly voice their grievances, if they have any, to the competent authorities like the Chief Justice of the High Court or the Supreme Court against the Judge and Shah's bail.
He also alleged that NSEL Investors Forum has created their Facebook page/ account by putting our National Emblem as their display picture or profile picture.
"This by itself is a gross misuse of our National Emblem," he alleged.
NSEL has been facing a payment crisis as nearly 18,000 of its investors allegedly lost Rs 5600 crore after the alleged fraudulent practices adopted by Shah and others.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra  Haryana assembly polls on October 15; results on 19thComments
Single-phase assembly elections will be held in Maharashtra and Haryana on October 15, nearly five months after the BJP came to power at the Centre with an absolute majority. Counting of votes will be held on October 19, making it a relatively short poll process.
An aggressive campaign by now Prime Minister Narendra Modi saw the Congress being decimated to its lowest ever tally of 44 in the summer general elections. Though the Congress and its allies turned the tables on the BJP-led NDA in recent state bypolls, the Maharashtra and Haryana polls will be the first major electoral test of the BJP and the Modi government.
The BJP is hoping to repeat its Lok Sabha performance in both Congress-ruled states: the NDA had won 42 of 48 Lok Sabha seats in Maharashtra, and seven out of 10 in Haryana. It may be helped by the anti-incumbency factor, but soaring prices remains a critical issue.
Also, both the Congress and BJP are facing trouble from their allies with the NCP and Shiv Sena, respectively, haggling for a bigger slice of the seat-sharing pie in Maharashtra, which has 288 assembly seats.
Similar disagreements over seat-sharing in Haryana led to the BJP losing a partner, the Haryana Janhit Congress, recently. Most of the state’s 90 assembly seats are expected to witness multi-corned contests.
The immediate challenge for parties is to prepare for a reduced election period. Compared to the 40-45 days earlier polls took, starting from the announcement of dates to the counting of votes, the entire process in Haryana and Maharashtra will be completed in 39 days.
Election Commission officials, who announced the poll dates on Friday, said the process had been squeezed so that there would be minimal impact on the festival season in late October. This will also mean that the model code of conduct will be in force for the lowest possible period.
The immediate challenge for parties is to prepare for a reduced election period. Compared to the 40-45 days earlier polls took, starting from the announcement of dates to the counting of votes, the entire process in Haryana and Maharashtra will be completed in 39 days.
Election Commission officials, who announced the poll dates on Friday, said the process had been squeezed so that there would be minimal impact on the festival season in late October. This will also mean that the model code of conduct will be in force for the lowest possible period.

J&K Bank says no customer data lost in floodsSep 12, 2014, 06.17 PM IST  | Source: PTI
J&K Bank says no customer data lost in floods
Mushtaq Ahmad chairman and chief executive officer said only two of the seven zones of the bank in the state, namely Srinagar and Anantnag, have been impacted by the floods which started last week, while the Baramulla zone is partially impacted.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
J&K Bank says no customer data lost in floods
Mushtaq Ahmad chairman and chief executive officer said only two of the seven zones of the bank in the state, namely Srinagar and Anantnag, have been impacted by the floods which started last week, while the Baramulla zone is partially impacted.
Post your opinion here
 
Seeking to assuage concerns,  Jammu & Kashmir Bank said its data centres and records have not been impacted by the worst floods in the state in over a century, but admitted that nearly 200 of its branches continue to be out of bounds.
"No depositors and stakeholders need to worry. We have back-ups of the data centres in Gurgaon and Noida which have been activated. All the data are safe," chairman and chief executive Mushtaq Ahmad told PTI over phone.
The bank stock, which rose 1.41 per cent to Rs 151.40 today on the BSE, had taken a beating during the week where it started trading at Rs 169 on Monday.
Ahmad said only two of the seven zones of the bank in the state, namely Srinagar and Anantnag, have been impacted by the floods which started last week, while the Baramulla zone is partially impacted.
While the bank has been able to revive operations at 115 branches in the impacted zone, around 200 branches still remain down, he said, adding efforts are on to revive all the branches as the waters recede.
The bank has around 700 branches out of which around 300 are in the Kashmir Valley alone, he said. Additionally, Ahmad said many of its branches are located on the first floor, which has helped the bank.
Ahmad admitted that the bank's asset quality, which has already been a nagging trouble, may come under pressure for some time but quickly added that the Reserve Bank's policy of allowing special dispensations for regions affected by natural calamities will help.
He, however, asserted that the bank is committed to help in the reconstruction efforts which will launched after the floods.
The J&K government-owned bank's total exposure to its home state, spread across the seven zones, is Rs 20,000 crore at present, that accounts for 43 per cent of the total book, he said.
Because of the floods, there may be some temporary shifts in the outstanding credit wherein the composition of outside J&K may move up, he said, adding it will gradually come back to the current levels once the reconstruction efforts start in full swing.
Meanwhile, the bank and its life insurance venture PNB Metlife, claim processing camps for the state following the worst natural disaster in the state's history. The camps aim to ensure hassle-free claim settlement for the customers across the valley.
JK Bank stock price
On September 15, 2014, Jammu and Kashmir Bank closed at Rs 149.20, down Rs 2.2, or 1.45 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1995.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 147.80.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 20.72 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 7.2. The latest book value of the company is Rs 118.07 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.26.
RELATED NEWS

Indirect tax collections up 4.6 pct in Apr-AugBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

What s the hurry in filing closure report against Birla: Court to CBIBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 12:03 AM IST
Why the hurry to close Birla case: Court to CBI
The court had earlier asked the CBI to clarify whether "rule of law" was followed in allocation of coal blocks to Birla's Hindalco
It seems controversies surrounding the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) refuse to die. Already cornered over CBI Director Ranjit Sinha’s alleged meetings with business representatives linked to cases being investigated, at his residence during the past 15 months, the agency was on Friday pulled up by a special trial court for seeming to hurry in closing a case against industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla and some others in the allocation of coal blocks.
While Sinha filed his reply before the apex court in a sealed envelope, explaining his meetings with the accused in the 2G telecom spectrum and coal block cases, special CBI judge Bharat Parashar came down heavily on CBI for filing a closure report in the Birla case. “What was the hurry to close this case?” he asked.
The CBI’s investigating officer told the court the original minutes of the screening committee’s meeting at which the Birla-owned Hindalco was awarded coal blocks were missing. “There is no such statement of anyone that the original minutes are missing,” the judge said. When the investigating officer failed to give a satisfactory reply, the judge asked, “On what basis have you drawn such a conclusion (to close the case)? What kind of investigation have you done? What was the supervisory officer doing? Bring the police file and call your supervisory officer in the court now.”
The CBI had filed a closure report in the case on August 28, stating it hadn’t found any evidence of wrongdoing against Birla and former coal secretary P C Parakh. A case was registered against them in October 2013; this pertained to allocation of the Talabira II and III coal blocks in 2005.
In its first information report, the CBI had alleged Parakh had, within months, reversed his decision of not allocating coal blocks to Hindalco “without any valid basis or change in circumstances” and showed “undue favours”. The court also expressed displeasure over dumping “illegible” documents before it, saying some of the papers filed along with the “final reports were blank”.
This isn’t the first time the court has came down hard on the investigating agency. During a hearing earlier this month, it had asked the CBI to explain whether “rule of law” was followed in Birla’s case and whether there was an act of omission or commission in it. The court had also asked the agency to explain whether the case involved any element of criminality.
A few days earlier, the court had returned a charge sheet in a different case related to coal block allocations after the agency failed to give reasons behind dropping the names of the four accused.
The case related to Kolkata-based Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd.
In October last year, the CBI had said it had enough evidence to support its case against Birla and Parakh in the matter related to coal block allocations, adding it would present all the details the Supreme Court, which was monitoring the case.
“Whatever you want to tell us, tell us in black and white,” the court had told Sinha’s counsel on September 8.
The next hearing on the case is due on Tuesday.
The court’s direction follows a plea by activist Prashant Bhushan, who has alleged Sinha was favouring Reliance Telecom in the 2G telecom spectrum case.
Both the 2G spectrum case and the one related to coal blocks are under various stages of trial and investigation. The Comptroller General of India had pegged notional losses in 2G spectrum and coal block cases at Rs 1.76 lakh crore and Rs 1.86 lakh crore, respectively.
THE STORY SO FAR
December 3: Ranjit Sinha takes charge as CBI director
2013
October 16: CBI registers a case against industrialist K M Birla (pictured) and former coal secretary P C Parakh in a coal block allocation case
2014
April 14: Parakh releases his book, Crusader or conspirator? Coalgate and other truths; says then PM Manmohan Singh could have averted the scam
 
August 28: CBI files a closure report in the case in which Birla and Parakh were named
 Advertisements

Rupee Ends Higher at 60.65/DollarRupee Snaps 2-Day Fall, Closes at 60.92 Per Dollar
Mumbai: The rupee posted its biggest single-day gain in nearly a month on Friday as custodian banks and corporates sold the greenback aggressively, although broader sentiment remained cautious ahead of key events, including retail inflation later in the day.
India is due to post consumer price inflation data later on Friday, with a Reuters poll expecting it have eased to 7.80 per cent in August from July's 7.96 per cent.
Caution also remains ahead of a key week for global risk, with the Federal Reserve set to hold its policy meeting amidst concerns it may move to raise interest rates, while Scotland is due to hold its independence vote.
For the week, the rupee fell 0.5 per cent - its worst weekly fall since the week to August 1, with the domestic share market in a consolidation phase following a recent string of record highs, most recently on Monday.
"There was aggressive dollar selling by custodians and corporates today," said Vikas Babu Chittiprolu, a senior foreign exchange dealer with state-run Andhra Bank.
"The rupee will remain in a 60.50 to 61.30 broad range next week. On the CPI, market expects a slightly lower number than in July," he added.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 60.65/66 per dollar, 0.5 per cent stronger than its Thursday's close of 60.9250/9350. This is the rupee's best single-day performance since August 14.
Traders will continue to monitor movements in other Asian currencies and shares for near-term direction.
In India, overseas funds have bought a net $32.90 billion worth of debt and shares so far this year, but turned mild sellers in shares over the previous two sessions.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.03 while the three-month contract was at 61.62.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Centre puts Road Transport Safety Bill in public domain to invite suggestions#road transport safety bill #tracking the narendra modi government #employment #safety
New Delhi: The Narendra Modi government's first major bill to realise his vision of an enabled India- the Road Transport and Safety Bill 2014, will be put in public domain to invite people's suggestions.
The Road Transport and Safety Bill 2014 provides for a permit system for national and interstate transport and a high penalty for those violating the law and the creation of a road safety police akin to Railway Protection Force.
The bill will also provide stringent school transportation norms for example the provision of GPS in schools buses.
The new bill also proposes the setting up of national and state safety authority and unified Vehicle Registration. Emergency vehicles like ambulance and Fire Tenders to be given right of way over VIP carcades.
The government estimate is that the bill will save two lakh lives per year, create another 10 lakh jobs and help in GDP growth.

Ford to launch 4 new cars over 18-20 months: ExecFord to launch 4 new cars over 18-20 months: Exec
Auto firms look to festive season to trigger sustained demand growthSharmistha Mukherjee |  New Delhi Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 12:47 AM IST
Car makers look to festive fun ahead
But car makers are cautiously optimistic, even as two-wheeler firms are clearly upbeat
After a two-year slowdown, car makers are looking forward to the festive season this year to trigger a sustained revival in demand.
Sales of passenger vehicles (PVs), overall, grew for a fourth straight month in August. However, it is only the bigger car makers such as Maruti Suzuki (MSIL), Hyundai Motor India (HMIL) and Honda Cars India which have registered strong double-digit growth this financial year. The recovery has mostly been sentiment-driven and car makers are hoping the festive season will stiffen volumes across manufacturers and segments.
Rakesh Srivastava, senior vice-president (marketing & sales), HMIL, said: “The past two years have been challenging. In the initial phases of revival, we saw growth was largely limited to a few established players. With overall sentiment and fundamentals of the economy improving, growth will percolate. We have seen a good start in Onam and Ganesh Chaturthi and we expect the momentum to continue.”
Hyundai expects the industry to close 2014-15 with growth in a high single digit. MSIL Chairman R C Bhargava, however, believes overall growth in the car market this year will not be higher than the five-six per cent predicted earlier. “The growth is not across manufacturers. Some of Maruti’s new launches helped it grow sales. But, generally, customers are not willing to take risks. They are playing safe and moving to products that are established and trusted,” he said.
For itself, buoyed by strong sales in the first five months of the financial year (April-August), Maruti Suzuki has scaled up its projection for growth in cars in FY15. Bhargava said, “We will surely have a double-digit growth rate this year. We had not expected more than seven or eight per cent growth till the general elections but our sales have grown at an average of 16 per cent in the past five months. I will, however, not like to predict whether the rate for the full year will be 12 per cent or 16 per cent.”
Honda Cars agrees the growth seen in the first few months has not been shared by all. Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice-president (marketing & sales), said: “The fact remains that people are buying more cars than last year. Growth is not shared by everybody but if the improved sentiments are followed by increase in GDP growth and moderation in inflation, there is enormous headroom to grow.”
SIAM CONVENTION 2014: TURBOCHARGED
Remove obstacles for India-made, says global car makers
Global automobile companies General Motors, Honda and Nissan on Friday said the government should remove obstacles and make policies more business friendly if India were to achieve Prime Minister Narendra Modi's make-in-India goal. These highlighted difficulties in getting business permits and taxation structure and hurdles in infrastructure and logistics.
M&M set to launch more petrol vehicles next year
Mahindra & Mahindra will increase its range of petrol-engine vehicles, starting with a compact sport utility vehicle (SUV) next year. Pawan Goenka, executive director, said, "We are developing a 1.2-litre petrol engine for the SUV. Also, we have a 1.6-litre petrol engine available from our Korean subsidiary Ssangyong."
Hero MotoCorp to launch three models by early 2015
The country's largest two-wheeler maker Hero MotoCorp on Friday said it planned to launch three models including two scooters by early next year. It planned to begin the construction of its Gujarat unit soon and operationalise the facility by the third quarter of the next financial year.
Production from HMSI fourth plant to be delayed
Honda Motorcycle and Scooter India (HMSI) on Friday said the start of its fourth unit in Gujarat will be delayed by a quarter. It will start in the beginning of 2016.
Ford to launch four models over 20 months
Ford Motor Co plans to launch four car models in India over 20 months. Ford had said in 2010 it will launch eight models, based on its global car platforms, in India by the end of 2015. The company is unlikely to meet the target due to the slowdown.
Honda acquiring land for future facility in Gujarat
Honda Car India has started acquiring land in Gujarat for a manufacturing facility. Jnaneswar Sen, senior vice-president (marketing and sales), said, "We have started acquiring land in Gujarat for long-term needs."
Ford, which plans to launch four new products in the Indian market over the next 18-20 months, says the recovery is real but a sustained turnaround in demand might take a few months. Nigel Harris, president, Ford India, said: “There are positive signs but the turnaround is not strong enough. There are only four manufacturers, including us, which have seen year-on-year growth so far. Sustained demand growth is still some months away. The new government has been in office only for about 100 days now; people are still waiting. The spike during the festive season will be normal and not extra-ordinary.” Sumit Sawhney, country chief executive and managing director, Renault India, is cautiously optimistic. “The momentum is there but people are still cautious. High discounting in on. It is true new brands have to work hard to gain customer trust and confidence. But what ultimately matters at the end of the day is the right product, as we have seen when we launched the Duster.”
In the two-wheeler space, in contrast, the mood is clearly upbeat. Sales were up 15 per cent, at 6.6 million units, between April and August.
Market leader Hero MotoCorp has readied for launch 12 refreshed products to cash on the festive season. Pawan Munjal, vice-chairman and managing director, said: “Our sales will be better than last year, when we sold around 600,000 units during the festive season.”
His rival, Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India, which has had a good run so far, is tweaking production plans to cater to increased demand for its scooters this festive time. Yadvinder Singh Guleria, vice-president (marketing & sales), said: “We have an order backlog of 85,000 units, of which 65,000 are for scooters. We are running on full capacity. Customers prefer taking deliveries specially during the festive season and we are increasing scooter production by 15-20 per cent to meet their requirements.”
 Advertisements

JD Wetherspoon attacks pro-union business remarksLast updated: September 12, 2014 5:12 pm
JD Wetherspoon chairman attacks Scotland debate ‘scaremongering’
By John Aglionby
©AFP
Business leaders are “talking nonsense” and scaremongering by trying to persuade Scots to remain part of the UK by warning that prices will rise if they vote for independence , the head of a leading pub group said on Friday.
Tim Martin, the chairman of JD Wetherspoon , which has 70 pubs and 3,000 employees in Scotland, said politicians and business leaders were “underestimating the intelligence of voters”.
More
US investors lining up Spurs takeover bid
“If you want Scots to remain in the UK, you’ve got to use reasonable arguments,” he told the FT. “For example, you just need to open a couple of hundred Aldis and then prices will come down.”
Mr Martin, who is from New Zealand and said he was not taking sides in the independence campaign, was referring to comments on Thursday by Sir Charlie Mayfield , the chairman of the John Lewis partnership, who said prices could rise after independence.
The JD Wetherspoon boss said: “There’s no reason why Scotland shouldn’t thrive as an independent country if that’s what the Scots want. “It will entirely depend on the policies an independent government will follow. If they’re sensible, they will thrive; if they’re foolish, they won’t.”
Mr Martin also said Scots should not put too much faith in Alex Salmond, Scotland’s first minister and head of the Yes campaign, remaining in office for that long. “Remember [Mikhail] Gorbachev didn’t last long in Russia [after Glasnost], and he was a good guy.”
He was speaking after the pubs group released its preliminary results for the year to the end of July, which showed it had defied the trend of closing premises in the UK pub industry and a poor summer to record slightly better results.
The group recorded an adjusted pre-tax profit of £79.4m, up 3.1 per cent on the previous year, and an operating margin of 8.2 per cent, at the upper end of analysts’ expectations. It opened 46 pubs during the year while selling or closing five.
It now has 927 properties, with the average development price rising from £1.64m compared with £1.55m as it spends more on kitchens, customer areas and beer gardens.
The strategy is showing some success as it defies an industry that has seen more than 10,000 pubs close across the country since 2002.
It forecast a “reasonable” outcome in the current financial year. This year it predicted its operating margin would drop to 7.7 to 8.1 per cent for the 2014/15 trading year.
Like-for-like sales for the first six weeks of the new trading year, to September 7, increased 6.3 per cent, with total sales increasing 11.4 per cent.
The share price was up 3 per cent in early morning trading on Friday at 765p, slightly outperforming the FTSE 100.
Mr Martin welcomed the results but said he would continue to campaign for pubs to pay the same VAT rate as supermarkets. While supermarkets pay the same VAT on drinks as pubs, they pay no VAT on food and, according to Mr Martin, cheaper business rates per pint of beer served.
“Wetherspoon, along with many pub and restaurant companies, is supporting Jacques Borel’s VAT Club on Tax Equality Day to publicise this inequality,” he said, referring to a day of action on September 24. “A number of MPs have signed up for our cause, and most people seem to say it makes no sense for supermarkets to pay less tax on food than pubs.
“A similar danger relates to the general tone of corporate governance advice and practice which has helped to create unstable board rooms, often preoccupied by the wrong considerations. For example, many do not even recognise the danger from the VAT disparity, despite the high weekly level of pub closures which has lasted for many years.”
For the full year to the end of July, like-for-like sales were up 5.5 per cent, operating profit was £115.6m, up 3.8 per cent, and earnings per share was 47p, up 4.9 per cent.
Related Topics

Tough challenge ahead for govt to sustain growthStory
To Hell and Back
After breaking out of the below-five per cent growth jinx, the next biggest challenge for the government is to sustain the momentum.
Manu Kaushik      Follow @manukaushik    Edition: Sep 28, 2014
Soon after the GDP data was released, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was quick to paint a rosy picture (Photo: Reuters)
The cheer is back, at least for the time being. The recent set of gross domestic product (GDP) data released by the Central Statistics Office shows a mild revival in the country's economic growth. GDP growth accelerated to 5.7 per cent in the fiscal first quarter through June, the highest pace of expansion in nine quarters.
Interestingly, it is only the second time in nine quarters that growth has crossed five per cent - GDP expanded by 5.15 per cent in the July-to-September period of 2013/14. Not just the headline number, most components have shown a sharp uptick.
The expansion is led primarily by a rise in activities in services such as finance, insurance, real estate, community, electricity, gas and water supply. Manufacturing, which contributes about 16 per cent to GDP, has also bounced back. It grew 3.5 per cent in the first quarter compared with a decline of 1.2 per cent a year earlier.
Some analysts attribute the high GDP growth to demand push, which partially came from election-related expenditure
Soon after the GDP data was released, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley was quick to paint a rosy picture. "With the long-term impact of the initiatives we have taken, I am sure, the impact in the coming quarters will be much larger," he said in a press conference.
But experts warn that the numbers need to be looked at with caution. There are several imponderables to sustain this pace of growth. To begin with, growth in the agriculture sector is likely to be subdued due to a weak monsoon. From June till September 3, the rainfall is 15 per cent below normal, according to the India Meteorological Department. The met department projects the entire rainfall deficit to be 13 per cent this monsoon season.
An August 26 report by ratings firm ICRA says that "agricultural growth in 2014/15 is expected to range between 0.5 and 1.5 per cent, with a weak performance in the second half of 2014 reflecting the unfavourable monsoon and delayed kharif sowing."
ICRA's expected growth is far lower than the 3.8 per cent the sector recorded in the first quarter.
Another ratings firm, CRISIL, expects the economy to grow 5.5 per cent in 2014/15 despite the constraints because of the low base effect.
"For the remaining three quarters, farm growth will slip due to below-normal monsoon. It is expected that industry and services sector will maintain the growth momentum," says DK Joshi, Chief Economist, CRISIL.
Even though inflation is trending down, a weak monsoon can have an impact on prices, especially those of food products. A high inflation may limit the prospects of the Reserve Bank of India reducing interest rates, which could hurt urban consumption.
Another area of concern is the poor credit offtake from banks as their books are replete with bad loans. This impairs the ability of the private sector to borrow money and make fresh investments. According to a report by audit firm PricewaterhouseCoopers, the total banking credit outstanding was Rs 57.90 trillion as of March 2013. Out of this, stressed assets (a mix of gross bad loans and restructured assets) are Rs 5.91 trillion, which is 10.2 per cent of the total credit outstanding.
Some attribute the high GDP growth to demand push, which partially came from election-related spending. (see http://goo.gl/
BPjsyF).
The GDP component 'community, social and personal services', which is government spending, grew 9.1 per cent during the April-to-June period. Given that the government is facing a challenge to control the fiscal deficit, there will be lesser room to spend on these activities in the future.
D.K. Srivastava, Chief Policy Advisor at audit and consulting firm EY, says while the economy is turning around, there are significant fiscal risks ahead. "Fiscal revenue targets are likely to be missed.
More than 60 per cent of the full year fiscal deficit and more than 70 per cent of revenue deficit have already been incurred. We need more solid policy foundations for the recovery to be sustainable," he says.
In addition, gross tax revenues have grown at 5.5 per cent in the April-July period. This is far lower than the government's projection of 18 per cent for 2014/15.
The expansion is led primarily by a rise in activities in services such as finance, insurance, real estate, community, electricity, gas and water supply
Analysts say the improvement in business sentiment must be accompanied with substantive policy decisions. The new government has taken steps to improve economic conditions whether by allowing foreign direct investment in some sectors or through the budget, but some important constraints such as land acquisition and labour reforms have to be addressed.
Siddhartha Sanyal, Chief India Economist at Barclays, says measures are needed to remove bottlenecks in areas like coal, power and infrastructure. "Also, better coordination among ministries is needed to speed up project approvals."
Srivastava says manufacturing, construction and mining sectors have done well in the first quarter due to improved demand but it is difficult to sustain. "The government should not curtail expenditure for fear of fiscal slippages," he says. "That could dampen growth. Instead, the correct policy is to focus on growth."

EU sanctions hit Russian oil companies lawmakersPrint
Associated Press | Brussels | Posted: September 12, 2014 7:15 pm
New European Union sanctions against Russia announced on Friday toughen financial penalties on the country’s banks, arms makers and its biggest oil company, to punish Moscow for what the West sees as efforts to destabilize Ukraine.
The EU measures, details of which were released on Friday after a preliminary agreement on Thursday, broaden the scope of previous penalties. The United States was also expected to announce more sanctions on Friday.
The EU measures include:
- Further limits to some Russian companies’ ability to raise money in EU markets. The restrictions now apply not only to banks but also to major oil company Rosneft, defense companies, pipeline operator Transneft, the oil subsidiary of energy giant Gazprom and others.
- Broader limits on the export of high-technology EU goods that could also be used for military purposes.
- Travel bans and asset friezes for another 24 officials. They include four deputy Parliament speakers and leaders of the separatists in eastern Ukraine. Also hit is businessman Sergei Chemezov, who is one of President Vladimir Putin’s “close associates,” according to the EU.
- Bans for EU companies on new contracts in oil drilling, exploration and related services in Russia’s Arctic, deep sea and shale oil projects. Russia’s Rosneft oil company is majority-owned by the state, but Britain’s BP holds a 19.75 percent stake in it.
Conspicuously absent from the list was Russia’s gas industry, because many EU nations depend on Russian gas imports.
The measures are likely to hurt Russia’s already flagging economy.
“Even though (targeted) companies are not threatened with an immediate liquidity crisis, the banks and firms concerned will painfully notice, especially the stronger constraints for short-term refinancing,” said the managing director of the Association of German Banks, Michael Kemmer.

Father of Five Slain Kids a No-Show in Courtfather of five slain kids a no-show in court
Gender-bending  torso-triangles  Amish ninjas  and seven other things that made us think at New York Fashion WeekTap image to zoom
Assembly New York, Spring 2015.
Assembly’s Greg Armas said  female ninjas and Amish culture inspired this season’s collection of black and white layering pieces, including the collar of a cropped cotton jacket fashioned from a karate belt.
“I felt like if you took the Amish inventor out of her studio and the female ninja from 800 years before and put them together, they’d probably get along,” Armas said. Maybe they’d share clothes?
Nomia ‘s Yara Flinn offered—as she often does—similarly wearable, made-in-New York separates that are crisp enough for the office and edgy enough for dinner downtown afterward. “The late nineties-early 2000s are my time,” she said. “I’ve just accepted it.”
Also, notice that most of these models look refreshingly bare-faced? At Marc Jacobs, they purportedly were, though we saw  signs to the contrary . Either way, this look is probably best pulled off with a concealer stick and a good night’s sleep. (Joey Ramone wig optional.)
6. Speaking of the nineties, this petite redhead, age 90+, is pulling the strings behind the scenes
No joke. Her name is Ruth Finley, she has maintained the New York Fashion Calendar for nearly 70 years, and she has some advice for you .
7. Wearables? What wearables?
As Apple tiptoes into the fashion world via wearable technology (and headhunting ), the company’s guest list for this week’s  much-anticipated event  included editors from  Vogue Italia and Paris, Harper’s Bazaar, and Purple magazine .
Fashion Week marched on without them, and the Apple Watch reveal didn’t cause too much of a stir.
This model is live-streaming the #iWatch announcement to her brain at Cynthia Rowley. #NYFW #modelboredom pic.twitter.com/2spQsXYnC2
— jenni avins  (@jenniavins) September 9, 2014
Beats by Dre headphones  (also under Apple’s wearable umbrella ) streamed a sensory soundtrack for attendees two days later at Marc Jacobs’ show, widely considered the finale and apex of New York Fashion Week—but guests didn’t get to keep them.
That's a wrap! Wall of sound courtesy @beatsbydre #marcjacobslive pic.twitter.com/prIPQdafLl
That said, womenswear designer Kaelen  was handing out a USB-tipped slap bracelet with images of her highly wearable shirts, jackets, and dresses  on it.
8. Books about clothing and style, sans side-eye
Share
Tap image to zoom
Fashion and literature lovers fell for the new book Women in Clothes, which reminds us how personal, powerful, and revealing our relationships with clothing can be.
The books’ editors hosted a clothing swap in Brooklyn for their launch party that sounded terrific. We’re picturing ladies clad in Rachel Comey , A Détacher , and lots of vintage.
I'm new to nyc; the book launch was the first time i saw a noticable number of women smiling here #womeninclothes @womeninclothes
— Elizabeth Schmuhl (@schmuhlface) September 10, 2014
Another wonderful book about clothes, Emily Spivack’s Worn Stories, contains contributors’ stories of specific garments, such as the small, flesh-colored shorts that helped LCD Soundsystem’s drummer conquer stage fright.
9. Deola Sagoe knocked my socks off
“Deola who?” you may ask. Or, at least I did, to be perfectly honest. I hadn’t heard of the  Lagos, Nigeria-based womenswear designer who has been at it for 25 years , before I received an invitation to her runway show at Lincoln Center.
I’m so glad I went, because her dresses, crop tops, and wide-legged pants—especially those tied-dyed in the traditional Yoruba style—were unlike anything I saw all week, and I’m looking forward to learning more.
10. If in doubt, top it off with a hat
Tap image to zoom
Thom Browne, Spring 2015.AP Photo/John Minchillo
Visionary designer Thom Browne is beloved not only for his talent and tailoring, but also for his outrageous shows. This season, he created a madcap garden complete with many hats by the famous British milliner Stephen Jones.
They included flowers, turbans, and bonnets shaped like shuttlecocks (which sadly isn’t a word one gets to use much in fashion).
Notable newcomer Rosie Assoulin also showed gorgeous woven lids for ladies (or whomever), while Donna Karan’s were a bit of a grab bag.
New Zealand designer Karen Walker, whose terrific sunglasses are usually her starring accessory, surprised us with scarves tied beneath wide-brimmed hats fashioned from waxed paper. Walker said the collection was about “getting dressed up to go gardening—not just putting on whatever’s in the bottom of the laundry basket.”
Tap image to zoom
Tie one on: Karen Walker, Spring 2015.
She went on: “Where we live, in New Zealand, the sun can be quite intense. We have a very short burn time in summer, so sun protection is a part of every day life to retain healthy skin.”
With those closing words, spring 2015 is shaping up to look quite practical.
Share this:

Why Lockheed Martin is closely watching the independence campaign in ScotlandBritain's Clyde Naval Base in Scotland where Trident is stationed.Reuters/Danny Lawson/pool
SHARE
Daniel A. Medina @dmedin11
September 12, 2014
The Scottish independence campaign  may not have  the US government on edge, but at least one major player in Washington is keeping very close tabs on the situation: defense contractor Lockheed Martin.
The reason? Trident—Britain’s nuclear submarine base.
Trident is a defense system of four submarines armed with Trident II D5 Fleet Ballistic Missiles (FBM), operated by the Royal Navy and stationed at Clyde Naval Base on Scotland’s west coast. The missiles are manufactured and supplied by Lockheed. Trident is deeply polarizing in Scotland, and the pro-independence “yes” campaign has promised to move the program off its territory if it prevails in next week’s referendum.
“Lockheed Martin is one company that makes a lot of money off supplying parts for Trident and has put pressure on the US and UK to keep it in Scotland,” George Perkovich, director of the nuclear policy program at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, tells Quartz.
Scotland’s First Minister, Alex Salmond, has said that the nuclear arsenal could be removed by 2020. An independent think tank, the Royal United Services Institute, has said a more likely target  is 2028. It estimates that moving the weapons would cost £2.5 billion ($4.1 billion) to £3.5 billion ($5.7 billion) overall, while the UK government has put the price tag at as high as £25 billion ($40.6 billion). Former UK naval chief Admiral Sir Mark Stanhope wrote an open letter to Salmond on Wednesday, saying Salmond’s plan for removing Trident would “add a dangerous period of destabilisation in our nuclear defence posture at a time when the international picture is clearly deteriorating.”
The political tension has not been reassuring for Lockheed Martin. The Trident system is one of seven programs that form Lockheed’s space systems portfolio, which generated $8 billion in net sales last year, according to a  company filing . 
A Lockheed Martin spokesperson offered this in a statement to Quartz:
“The outcome of the referendum is for the people of Scotland to decide. Our only observation is that uncertainty is bad for business.”
Perkovich says the program is one of the company’s biggest in Europe, and losing it would be a blow. Ultimately, he says, all Lockheed can do is wait and see how London deals with the issue if it arises.
“In the event of a ‘yes’ [victory], there will need to be an extensive negotiation with England by Scotland,” Perkovich says.
There is historical precedent in Europe of relocating nuclear weapons from one country to another. In the case of Trident, Perkovich says, a UK without Scotland would need to weigh the pros and cons of moving the nuclear weapons south.
“It forces England to make a very, very hard decision,” Perkovich says. “If you can’t continue to base [the missiles] in Scotland, then you’re going to have to spend a lot of money, likely billions and billions, to move them to England. That question for England would become quite acute.”
Share this:

Naidu seeks higher devolution  Rs 1.3 lakh cr for capitalNaidu seeks higher devolution, Rs 1.3 lakh cr capital for development
Our Bureau
14th Finance Commission asked to consider special circumstances
Hyderabad, Sept.12:  
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu today sought liberal Central Government financial support in view of the special circumstances the State is faced with, including Rs 1,30,000 crore for development of a new capital.
Interacting with the members of the 14th Finance Commission at a meeting held in Tirupati today, Naidu said that the commission would find the State position unique and help it occupy the rightful place among the comity of states by enabling him to rebuild the economy and physical infrastructure as early as possible.
The Chairman of the commission, Y.V.Reddy, other members Abhijit Sen, Sushma Nath, Govinda Rao, Mundle and other officials of the commission were present during the meeting where the State presented a memorandum.
Naidu said, “We are meeting at a time when AP has no capital, no infrastructure worth the name and the institutions built over the last 60 years in Hyderabad are no longer available to the State. The State is forced to recreate them in its own territory.”
He said it is estimated that in developing Hyderabad as a capital city Rs 1.40 lakh crore were invested by the Central Government, Rs 5.89 lakh crore by the State Government and Rs 6 lakh crore by private sector. The State of AP has not been provided commensurate compensation for the loss of assets.
The State Chief Minister sought to highlight that a more equitable and judicious division relating to finances would not have placed the Andhra Pradesh in a position it finds in at present.
He said that the State believes that 50 per cent of the Central Taxes should be devolved to States.
Given the special circumstances the new State is now in, the Chief Minister sought relaxation of the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act, and the fiscal deficit to 7 per cent for the next five years. Without such flexibility, it would be difficult to create basic infrastructure in new capital which is prerequisite for effective governance.
The State is also banking on special status and incentives to secure finances to develop other infrastructure.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Oppo Find 7: Camera isn t the ladder to successCamera isn't the ladder to success
The Oppo Find 7 is a decent smartphone but is overpriced.
Nidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Edition: August 2014
Oppo Find 7
Oppo first launched  its flagship smartphone, the N1 , at a relatively high price point, where it aimed to compete against the flagship smartphones from global brands. The company has now launched yet another flagship smartphone, the Find 7.
The Find 7 is a big device. There is a 5.5-inch capacitive display packed in a plastic chassis. It has a thickness of 9.2mm and weighs 173 grams. While the phone appears to be decent, I wasn't really comfortable holding the phone. It has got a removable back cover that hides a removable battery, microSIM and microSD card slots. On the left edge is the power key, while the volume keys are on the right edge. The device houses a Quad HD display, which can also be referred as a 2k display. It offers a display resolution of 1440 x 2560 pixels. While the text and images appeared crisp, there wasn't any revolutionary difference between the QHD display on Find 7 and Full HD display on other smartphones.
The smartphone runs on Oppo's Color OS, which is based on Android 4.3. It comes with a separate app launcher which looks similar to the stock Android UI. But there are a few differences as the stock apps have been replaced and it comes with a different notification panel.
Oppo has also added gestures to this phone. Oppo is going gaga about the camera of the Find 7 as it packs in a 13MP snapper that features a Sony IMX214 CMOS sensor. The phone can capture raw images too. It also has a special feature where 10 images merge together in the Super Zoom mode to create a single 50 MP image. The images captured outdoors were excellent and the results were decent during low-light conditions as well.
VERDICT:

How the taste of Indian luxe customer is evolvingStory
Thus bespoke the Indian mind
The taste of Indian luxe customer is evolving, moving away from bling and logo to the experiential and idea-driven.
Shweta Punj      Follow @shwetapunj    Edition: Sep 28, 2014
Refined taste: Sunil Aggarwal, a Delhi-based businessman only dresses in suits specifically designed for him. Photo: Vivan Mehra.
In a country as diverse as India, the idea of luxury too is many. From a  mass-produced, pricey cotton shirt with a logo to a masterpiece made by  an artisan, anything is touted as luxury. It makes the L-word  commonplace and merely the cost, not distinctiveness or craft, becomes  its sole measure. Such a notion limits the discourse on luxury to the  bling . But real luxe products are fast moving beyond brands or logos,  like the unostentatious Patola sari.
Made by the silk weavers of  Salvi community in Patan, Gujarat, the hand-weaved sari is a work of  art. Making one may take a year and the cost is upwards of Rs 2 lakh. In  a year, the Salvis weave only about 30-40 saris. But the craft of  making a Patola that uses double Ikat is fast dying. Double Ikat is a  dyeing technique in which both the warp and weft of the fibre is dyed  with patterns before stringing it together in the loom.
"Patola  is the ultimate luxury and the people who know textiles understand it,"  says Dr Preeti Mehta, an anaesthesiologist who is out to preserve this  textile heritage. Sitting in her sylvan home in Ahmedabad wearing a red  Patola, she looks resplendent. She had bought it over three decades ago  for Rs 35,000. "Wherever I travel, people would ask me about Patolas. I  want it to be part of every brides trousseau if they can afford it and  be passed on as heirloom," she says.
Such saris smack of luxury  and as heirloom saris, they are bespoke. These days Mehta is steadily  building a community of like-minded who understands India's rich textile  heritage and organises private viewings.
However, a majority of  Indians are still in the process of getting exposed to global luxury  brands. That the luxury products segment is growing at an average annual  pace of 21.8 per cent, according to the CII-IMRB report 2013,  vindicates this. Among the luxe products, the apparel and accessories  segment has been growing at a steady 17 per cent over the last three  years. This segment will drive growth in the luxury market as consumers,  both traditionally wealthy and first-timers, see branded handbags or  sunglasses as status symbols. In 2014/15, India's overall luxury market  is expected to grow 17 per cent.
FULL COVERAGE: BT's Luxury Issue 2014
Meanwhile, at Delhi's luxe  shopping destination, DLF Emporio, a bevy of women with monogrammed  handbags could be seen walking in and out of luxury stores. These are  aspirational brands that promise finest quality. For instance, a Louis  Vuitton suitcase, which is thrown at least a 100 times on ground to test  its sturdiness. But amid the logos and the bling which flaunters  prefer, one can spot the odd experientialist, wearing a pair of Tod's  shoes or a bespoke suit with no visible brand name.
"Education  changes your perspective. Even a large population of nouveau riche  migrate from Michael Kors to Tod's. If a person understands luxury, she  will avoid a logo bag as that makes one a part of the tribe. Luxury is  about distinction," says Shefalee Vasudev, author of Power Room: The  Untold Story of Indian Fashion.
A DLF Emporio study has found  that 51 per cent of the shoppers at the mall in 2013 were men, up from  35 per cent in 2012. Men prefer logos mainly in automobiles and  accessories, while for apparel and vacations, they are more experiential  and could belong to the connoisseur consumer group. Sunil Aggarwal, a  second-generation businessman in his fifties, dresses in custom-made  suits that could cost upwards of Rs 2 lakh. Sometimes even the fabric  too is woven for him and that could take the cost of a suit to anything  between Rs 8 lakh and Rs 20 lakh. The fabric's selvage carries the name  of the customer and brands like Ermenegildo Zegna give the cut selvage  as memorabilia.
Darshan Mehta, Chief Executive of Reliance  Brands, says the men's side of business is largely driven by experience.  "It is driven by bespoke, made to measure, limited edition, something  that is crafted for you specifically. The fact that it does not show the  brand shows it is beyond the flash value, The price is for the  experience," he says. The experience also includes an appointment with a  made-to-measure specialist flown in from New York. Photographs of the  fittings are taken and sent to the tailor in Italy. And if the suit does  not come out the way it was planned, there is a no-questions-asked  return policy. Almost all men's luxury brands in India offer bespoke  service.
Home shopping is yet another aspect of luxe experience.  An experientialist male shopper will not spend time in a luxury mall.  "One of the top jewellers in Bombay wears only Thomas Pink shirts. Every  month or so, his secretary would call the store manager and place an  order for 5-6 shirts, images are sent on Whatsapp and shirts are  delivered," says Mehta.
For men, the bespoke experience is also  about going to a suite at a five star hotel to place an order for a  suit. Brands like Zegna schedule appointments with made-to-measure  specialists at the Oberoi in Delhi and Mumbai. Men prefer to pass on  such experience to their sons, like a mother passing on a heirloom sari  to her daughter.
At the DLF Emporio, brands now display the  heritage of the product. " Bespoke is the way to go . Consumers want  personalisation. Initially it was about brand and bling. Luxury is now  available to everybody. So brands are displaying heritage, offering  bespoke services. The trend started last year," says Dinaz Madhukar,  Senior Vice President, DLF Emporio. According to the Knight Frank's  eighth edition of the Wealth Report, by 2023 India is likely to be  number four after the US, China and Russia in the list of nations with  most billionaires. It is apparent that consumers, most of them  first-generation wealth generators, want to see value in their purchase.  So lineage, luxury experience, craftsmanship, the story behind the  fabric, all of it add to the products exclusivity. "These people are  value conscious. You cannot patronise and teach them. It's a journey and  you have to explain it," says Darshan.
Luxury is an  ever-changing concept and these days there is appreciation for the  handcrafted. "If an individual gives a product undivided attention, it  is luxury, and a discerning consumer is definitely aware," says Vasudev.  She says that luxury has evolved and now the rich want to try out  abstinence. "That is luxurious for them. Silvia Venturini Fendi [of  Fendi, an Italian luxury fashion house] in an interview had defined  luxury as freedom," says Vasudev.
Elsewhere, in China, the shift  from logo to experiential and idea-driven luxury is happening faster  than expected. A survey of luxury goods consumers in Mainland China in  2012 by Bain and Co, a global management consulting firm, had shown that  consumers in Shanghai and Beijing find the logo on a luxury good  'outdated' and 'not tasteful'. "We see the possibility of this happening  in India much earlier," says Joydeep Bhattacharya, head of consumer  products and retail practice for India at Bain and Co.
While in  China the lure for the western luxe brands lingers on, the well-heeled  Indian buyer is as enamoured by Birkin bag as with a Patola. In India,  those who can now spend on luxury include self-employed professionals,  middle or senior level corporates, first generation entrepreneurs and  people from business families. Aggarwal, for instance, buys luxe for the  service and comfort. "The personalised service offered is excellent,"  he says. "Consumers are moving from 'in the show' to 'in the know',"  says Bhattacharya. Brands have no choice but to follow.
The  psyche of an Indian luxe consumer has transformed - from the early 2000  when India shopped what the world had shopped two seasons ago to  redefining the idea of luxury itself. The reticent jewellery designer,  Viren Bhagat, whom the Vanity Fair called original and one of the  greatest of our times, says, "People always had a taste for luxury. But  it got lost in India's socialist policies. Now it is coming back."
Bhagat's  clients in India include traditionally wealthy industrialists and newly-minted billionaires . "It is funny how the wealthy find you. People  have found me," says Bhagat who does not advertise and makes only 50-60  pieces a year for India. He is now busy preparing for his exhibition at  the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York. Even though the spotlight  is on him, Bhagat doesn't want to be clicked. "What's the need?" he asks.  Rightly so. Fame too, like luxury, is after all an ever-evolving  notion.

New iPhones revive India s grey handset marketNidhi Singal      Follow @nidhisingal    Last Updated: September 10, 2014  | 14:05 IST
The new Apple iPhone 6 Plus is seen during the launch event in Cupertino, California, on September 9, 2014. (Photo: Reuters)
Nidhi Singal
Sluggish enthusiasm towards high-end premium flagship handsets coupled with the new marketing strategy of handset makers such as Motorola had left the grey handset market in disarray.
With a slew of not-so-exciting launches, ranging from Samsung's latest Note 4 and the S5 to the HTC M8 or the Sony Xperia range, no handset has led a flurry of consumers rushing to be the first in line to flaunt these devices.
Mobile dealers, too, had lost much business to e-commerce sites like Flipkart and Snapdeal.
But things are looking upbeat with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus launches by Apple, which acted like elixir,  bringing life back to this dying business at the ever-so-popular Gaffar Market in Delhi, and injecting a fresh infusion of funds from techno-lunatics.
Soon after the iPhone launch event concluded, the opening bids or the cut-off, so to say, for iPhone 6 16GB version stood at a staggering Rs 1.25 lakh with Rs 50,000 as the down payment and Rs 1.50 lakh for the iPhone 6 Plus with half the amount to be paid up-front.
The expected date of receiving the shipment varies from end of this month to early October.
One of the dealers who we spoke to had already booked eight units (six units iPhone 6 and two units of iPhone 6 Plus) since the time of filing this story at 0002 hours.
Watch this space for more information on prices from other Indian metros.

What predicts success in a startup Education No  entrepreneurs say0
“From what I've seen of the startup community here in Chicago over the past three years, the main ingredient to the success of any startup is attitude. No, really, attitude will make or break it for most of these teams. The majority of these startups are packed with talent and youth and motivation — but when asked to pivot, or re-tune their focus, or simply simplify, many great app ideas start to fall by the wayside. So many great ideas I've heard of, or seen in beta-phase, that never made it to the App Store, all because of big egos and know-it-all attitudes. Talent isn't merely enough anymore, not to mention remote workers have expanded the talent pool 10-fold because now you can work with anyone, basically anywhere. But, when the right teammates approach a product with the right attitude, anything can happen … The only thing anyone needs is a great idea, and the willingness to pursue it, and the right attitude not to quit.”
Jay Hoffmann, co-founder and CEO, RocketMiles.com:
“The biggest predictors of success are the leadership team, their focus and a simple concept. I'm the only MBA out of 35 staff at Rocketmiles.”
Howard Tullman, CEO, 1871:
“Five things: passion, preparation, perseverance, perspiration and principles. Any education beyond high school has ZERO correlation with entrepreneurial success. It helps a lot to be the oldest or youngest child or an only child.”
Logan LaHive, founder and CEO, Belly:
“I have no idea. No one does. If there was a profile, then (Mark Zuckerberg), Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Jack Dorsey, Andrew Mason, Marc Benioff would all be the same person — and that's just not the case. They are wildly different with different paths. Some level of consistency is intelligence, passion, extreme work ethic, a level of product vision that is difficult to narrow into description, and resilience. But, besides that — no idea. If you could predict it, the venture business would be a hell of a lot easier and society wouldn't allow for the torturous feeling that comes with starting a company that fails.”
Samir Mayekar, co-founder and CEO, SiNode Systems:
“Perseverance, learning agility, and network. No. 1, perseverance: For every one bit of good news, you will get punched in the stomach 30 times. Do you have the mental fortitude to take this beating? No. 2, learning agility: Markets are dynamic, and in order to succeed, you will need to balance focus with agility. You need to know when to adapt to shifting market trends and when to keep the team focused on your core objectives. No. 3, network: Time is your greatest enemy, so having a strong network will help you gain access to the right decision makers to find new customers, employees, investors, partners, board members and advisors in a timely manner.”

FDI in Hotel & Tourism  Indian rupee  BSE Sensex  NSE Nifty  Gold price  more on September 11  2014FDI in Hotel & Tourism, Indian rupee, BSE Sensex, NSE Nifty, Gold price, more on September 11, 2014
Thu Sep 11 2014, 21:01 hrs
FDI in Hotel & Tourism (in US$ million). Graph: PTI
Indian rupee through the day against US dollar. Snapping a two-day declining trend, the rupee today managed to end two paise higher at 60.93 against the greenback after late dollar demand and negative cues from stocks washed out a major part of mid-session gains. Graph: PTI
Indian rupee vs US dollar. Dollar demand from importers and some banks on hopes of further rise in dollar value tracking talk of early interest rate hike by US Fed, mainly led the rupee to veer near its previous closing level of 60.95, a four-week low. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex Intraday Movement. Falling for third day, Sensex today slid about 62 points to end at 26,995.87, its weakest level in nearly two weeks, on caution due to lingering worries over early Fed rate hikes and after US President Barack Obama promised to destroy militants in oil producers Syria and Iraq. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex: Top Gainers, Top Losers. A heavy sell-off mainly in Sun Pharma, ONGC and Coal India led the BSE benchmark to end below 27,000-mark. In three straight sessions, Sensex has now lost nearly 324 points after hitting record highs on Monday. Graph: PTI
BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty throughout the day. The broader 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE eased 8.40 points, or 0.10 per cent, to 8,085.70 -- its lowest close since 8,083.05 on September 2. Graph: PTI
Gold and silver prices. Gold prices tumbled to its lowest level in more than three months at the domestic bullion market here today on bouts of heavy speculative unwinding against the backdrop of fading demand. Graph: PTI
Railway revenue earnings (April-August 2014 in Rs crore). Graph: PTI
Reader´s Comments

The Most Cringeworthy 9/11 Tweets From Brands— White Castle (@WhiteCastle) September 11, 2014
It's about America today pic.twitter.com/sOKZhZMTkU
— Waffle House (@WaffleHouse) September 11, 2014
In response, Twitter users collectively rolled their eyes.
"Well we have to say SOMETHING, right?" - Brands on Twitter
— Daniel Kibblesmith (@kibblesmith) September 11, 2014
Dear #Brands : You do not really need to have a 9/11 tweet.
— David Waldman (@KagroX) September 11, 2014
Of course, some companies back-tracked. After a Virginia yoga studio tweeted this...
... it was forced to offer an apology and deleted the earlier tweet.
Please accept our sincerest apologies, we did not mean to cause any harm to anyone.
— Bikram Arlington (@bikramarlington) September 11, 2014
Build-A-Bear, which posted a photo of a camouflaged bear wearing an army uniform, deleted its tweet. CVS deleted its tweet as well.
More:

Upcoming talks (in OH  CA  IL  CT  & IN)By Will Baude September 11
For those readers who are interested in hearing me speak in person rather than reading my thoughts online, between now and the end of the year I’ll be giving several talks or presentations related to my research interests. I’m mentioning each of them in this post to avoid cluttering the blog, though at some later point I’ll provide more details for the later events:
Tomorrow, Sept. 12, Case Western Reserve University School of Law: Marijuana, Federal Power, and the States (hosted by co-blogger Jonathan Adler (as blogged here ) with many other great guests).
Sept. 17, Los Angeles: After Windsor: The Next Stage in Gay Marriage Litigation (with Jud Campbell of the Stanford Constitutional Law Center).
Oct. 6, Chicago: Supreme Court Preview: Constitutional Interpretation at the Roberts Court (with my colleagues Justin Driver and David Strauss).
Oct. 7, Yale Law School: Debate on originalism (with James Fleming).
Nov. 11, Indiana University Law School: Discussion of originalism and the Supreme Court (with Steve Sanders).
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410478311/1410478311000/1410478311 tracking: {authors=Will Baude, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=upcoming-talks-in-oh-ca-il-ct-in, post_id=12093, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 11:31:51 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 11:31:51 PM

Peter Thiel Reveals His Favorite Rap Artist and More in a Reddit AMAPeter Thiel getting ready for his AMA.
Courtesy Imgur , Peter Thiel
Peter Thiel, billionaire founder of PayPal, naysayer of the American college system , and famously outspoken libertarian, took to Reddit on Thursday for an " Ask Me Anything, " or AMA, session. For about one hour, Thiel answered questions from the Internet on everything from Silicon Valley fashion to the National Security Agency and Edward Snowden. You can learn a lot from reading his responses—perhaps most importantly, that Thiel has a sense of humor.
On Silicon Valley fashion:
No absolute and timeless sartorial rules.
But, in Silicon Valley, wearing a suit in a pitch meeting makes you look like someone who is bad at sales and worse at tech.
Advertisement
On the American health care system:
We would never design a system like this if we were starting from scratch.
If technology involves doing more with less, than US health care (like US education) is the core of "anti-technology" in this country: For the last four decades, we have been spending more and more for the same (or even for less).
On how Snowden has impacted the cloud, security, and startups:
It is a much-needed debate.
BTW, I don't agree with the libertarian description of the NSA as "big brother." I think Snowden revealed something that looks more like the Keystone Kops and very little like James Bond.
The first thing an intelligence agency should do is counter-intelligence, and the NSA could not even figure out that there was something suspicious about an IT person downloading all those files. And once they knew Snowden had done this, they apparently still couldn't figure out what all he had taken...
It was inappropriate that the US was tapping Angela Merkel's cell phone. But I suspect that this was news to Obama as well. And more generally: the NSA has been hovering up all the data in the world, because it has no clue what it is doing. "Big data" really means "dumb data."
On artificial intelligence:
I think AI is still a fair ways off. But the economic questions (e.g., how will this impact our work?) are secondary to the political questions (e.g., will AI be friendly?).
The development of AI would be as momentous as the landing of extraterrestrials on this planet. If aliens landed, the first question would not be about the economy!
On the ethics of Uber:
Not optimal if you break the law to the point where the company gets shut down (think Napster). I'm not saying that will happen to Uber, but I think they've pushed the line really far.
On bitcoin:
PayPal built a payment system but failed in its goal in creating a "new world currency" (our slogan from back in 2000). Bitcoin seems to have created a new currency (at least on the level of speculation), but the payment system is badly lacking.
I will become more bullish on Bitcoin when I see the payment volume of Bitcoin really increase.
On his favorite rap artist:
Ben Horowitz
On whether Palantir is a front for the CIA:
No, the CIA is a front for Palantir.
Alison Griswold is a Slate staff writer covering business and economics.
 

Asia Stocks Muted; Tokyo Rises as Yen Extends FallPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Nevada Governor Enacts Tesla Tax Break PackagePop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Govt plans infra projects worth $32.9 bn this yearGovernment to launch infrastructure projects worth Rs 2 lakh crore this year
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 15:30 IST
The government seeks to upgrade the country's creaking roads, railways and ports (Photo: Reuters)
After launching highway projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore that were stuck on account of various regulatory hurdles, the government is all set to roll out Rs 2 lakh crore worth of infrastructure projects this year, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadari said on Friday.
"We have cleared bottlenecks. It is easy to construct express highways but difficult to get environment clearance.
However, we are removing hurdles. We have cleared projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore. Now this year we will launch projects worth Rs 2 lakh crore," Gadkari said addressing the annual convention of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers here.
Gadkari said his Ministry was also looking to build two lakh kilometers of roads under public-private-partnership (PPP) mode which includes widening of existing one lakh kilometers of highways.
"We are fast-tracking the decision making and weeding out corruption and red-tapism from government functioning besides introducing innovation," he said.
There is no dearth of money to fund the projects and the Ministry if need be can garner more funds through securitisation of toll revenue which amounted to about Rs 1.8 lakh crore in 15 years besides raising funds through infrastructure bonds worth Rs 10,000 crore.
The minister said, a number of steps had been initiated to bring in wide reforms in the highways sector including launch of 350 electronic toll plazas by December and building amenities for drivers and commuters on every 50 km stretch, for which bids have already been floated for consultancy and design of 270 such facilities.
He said the draft for the new Motor Vehicles legislation expected to be passed in the upcoming Winter Session will be launched on Website by tomorrow seeking suggestions from stakeholders.
"The present Motor Vehicles Act has turned obsolete and the new draft has been prepared incorporating the best practises in six advanced nations - US, Japan, Germany, UK, Singapore and Australia," the transport minister said.
He also appealed to auto-industry body Society Of Indian Automobile Manufacturers ( SIAM ) on the need for introducing ethanol-friendly engines to cut on the huge Rs 6 lakh crore annual bills on import of crude in the country to which SIAM leaders expressed concern and said "there was not enough ethanol available at present."
Gadkari said government was also focusing on boosting waterways for transportation of cargo and planned introducing sea-planes, airport-like terminals on Ganga besides shipment of cargo through waterway which was much cost-friendly.
Also, a new policy for shipbuilding was on the anvil besides promotion of cruise shipping including that of the Kochi to Andaman & Nicobar islands.

India has second-highest number of child marriages: Unicefsocial problems
The highest rate of child marriage is in Bangladesh (where two out of every three girls marry before age 18), followed by India, Nepal and Afghanistan.
India had the highest number of unregistered children under age five between 2000 and 2012 and the second-highest number of child marriages, according to a U.N. report which said the country still needs to improve immunisation coverage and stop gender-based sex selection.
The report “Improving Children’s Lives, Transforming the Future — 25 years of child rights in South Asia” by the United Nations’ children agency, Unicef, analyses the progress made over the last quarter century on key issues that directly affect the lives of children in the region.
At 71 million, India had the largest number of children under the age of five whose births were not registered between 2000-2012.
The report said that birth registration levels in South Asia have increased since 2000, but progress has been slow.
India, along with Afghanistan, Bangladesh and the Maldives, has been recording “significant improvements” in birth registration but about 100 million children in the region are still not registered at birth.
India has the greatest disparity between the poorest and richest households, with children in the poorest households being three times less likely to be registered than those in the richest.
Religion also appears to play a role as Muslims have the lowest level of birth registration in India (39 per cent) followed by Hindus (40 per cent) while the Jains have the highest (87 per cent).
46% of South Asian girls marry by 18
Almost half of all girls in South Asia marry before the age of 18. One in five girls are married before the age of 15. These are the highest rates in the world.
“These figures confirm that child marriage is rooted in gender norms and in expectations about the value and roles of girls,” the report added.
In India, 43 per cent of women aged 20-24 were first married by the age of 18 between 2005-2013. Girls with no education are 5.5 times more likely to marry or enter into union as those with at least 10 years of education.
On gender-biased sex selection, the report said the practice is more prevalent in the west and northwest part of the country. The child sex ratio, which is the number of girls per 1,000 boys, among children aged 0-4 in India was 924.
On immunisation coverage, it said some countries in South Asia, particularly Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Nepal, have made significant improvements since 1990 but coverage is still far too low in Afghanistan, India and Pakistan.
The report was released to commemorate 25 years since the 1989 U.N. adoption of the Convention of the Rights of the Child. It pointed to some improvements over the past two decades as South Asian government adopted policies to protect child rights.
The prevalence of children with stunted growth in the region dropped from more than 60 per cent in 1990 to 38 per cent in 2012 as nutrition improved, the report said. Still, the report said regional averages mask disparities, with stunting far more pervasive among children from poor families, rural areas and oppressed ethnicities.
It said more than 2 million South Asian children die before their fifth birthday of preventable causes, and nearly 38 per cent of children have chronic malnutrition.

Ingersoll-Rand soars 10% on Rs 100 crore capex planSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 03:16 PM IST
Ingersoll-Rand soars 10% on Rs 100 crore capex plan
The stock hit a record high of Rs 777 on National Stock Exchange.
Ingersoll-Rand (India) has soared 10% to Rs 765 after the company announced that it will invest Rs 100 crore to upgrade its manufacturing facility in Naroda, near Ahmedabad in Gujarat.
The company said, products and solutions manufactured at the Naroda plant will be distributed across both, India as well as the global markets.
The higher investments in infrastructure by the government could propel capital investments which will be a good growth opportunity for the company’s business, it added.
The stock opened at Rs 695 and touched a record high of Rs 777 on NSE. A combined 591,679 shares changed hands on the counter till 1510 hours on NSE and BSE.
 

Rai s claims on 2G: Chacko defends Manmohan as pressure piles up on Congress2G scam
('Former PM was not involved…)
NEW DELHI: Defending Manmohan Singh, Congress leader PC Chacko on Friday said, "Former PM was not involved in sale of spectrum. Vinod Rai is only misguiding people." "It is not proved on record that the PM knew about A Raja's plans," Chacko said.
In an interview to Times Now, former CAG Vinod Rai has said that records indicated that the then telecom minister A Raja had kept prime minister Manmohan Singh in the loop on the course of action he planned to pursue in allocating 2G spectrum and that the PM's reluctance to chart a different course could be construed as "dereliction of duty".
Attacking Rai's claim, Chacko said, "A Raja did some gadbad in the 2G spectrum allocation. There were irregularities for which A Raja was in jail. PM didn't protect Raja." "UPA government followed policy which previous NDA government used," Chacko added.
Rai also told Time Now that he was approached by three Congress MPs - former Law minister Ashwani Kumar who had to resign for allegedly pressuring the CBI to dilute PMO's role in the Coalgate scam, Sanjay Nirupam and Sandeep Dikshit - to drop the name of the Prime Minister from the CAG report on 2G spectrum allocation.
Commenting on this, Chacko said, "There was no occasion for Vinod Rai to name PM." "If MPs approached him to drop PM's name, why will he succumb to such pressure?" asked Chacko. "Former CAG is just giving his view and it stands no test to the facts," Chacko added.
Adding political fire to former CAG's claims in the 2G case, Kamal Nath affirmed Rai's statement that the Congress leader had cautioned Dr Manmohan Singh against 2G allocations.
"I wrote to the Prime Minister and I spoke to him. I wrote to him saying that there are certain matters of concern and that a committee should be appointed. I do not remember exactly what I wrote, but I did write to him," Nath told Times Now.
PC Chacko also hit out at Kamal Nath saying, "Kamal Nath can't question a policy through a letter." Chacko was the chairman of the JPC report on 2G scam.
Startling allegations from the former CAG in the 2G scam have stirred a political fight, with Congress leaders threatening to take Vinod Rai to court.
Congress' Sanjay Nirupam said, "Vinod Rai should retract from statement, else I will drag him to court." Rejecting the charge, Nirupam said, "Rai has told an outright lie. I never talked to him. I challenge his memory and want to remind him that I never met him."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Maharashtra  Haryana assembly polls on October 15  counting on October 19You are here: Home > Collections
Maharashtra, Haryana assembly polls on October 15, counting on October 19
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 05.47PM IST
Tags:
Assembly polls
(Assembly elections in 288…)
NEW DELHI: Assembly elections in 288 seats in Maharashtra and 90 seats in Haryana will be held on October 15 and counting will take place on October 19, Election Commission announced today.
Giving details of the election schedule, Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath said apart from these states, byelections will be conducted on the same day for five assembly seats in five states -Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Nagaland, Uttar Pradesh and Gujarat.
Byelections for two Parliamentary constituencies in Maharashtra's Beed and Odisha's Kandhamal will also be held on October 15 and counting for all the seats will take place on October 19.
The Model Code of Conduct comes into effect immediately for all the seats going to polls, Sampath said.
Notification for polls will be issued on September 20 and last date for filing nomination is September 27 for all seats except Kandhamal for which the notification will be on September 19 and last date of nomination is September 26.
Asked about elections in Jammu and Kashmir, which is witnessing worst-ever floods, Sampath said the Commission was watching the situation very closely in the state and "a decision will be taken after things come to some shape".
The Election Commissioner said Haryana assembly's term will expire on October 27 while Maharashtra assembly's would end on November 8.
However, there was still some time for the terms of J&K and Jharkhand assemblies to expire, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Germany bans Islamic State symbols  propagandaGermany bans Islamic State symbols  propaganda
Hang Seng slips for sixth dayhang seng slips for sixth day
Nandan Nilekani swears aadhar data is secureNandan Nilekani swears aadhar data is secure
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 12:  
Nandan Nilekani, the Chief architect of Aadhaar, has said that the data of people is safe and it sits with the respective service providers.
"Aadhar is just an authentication process. When a bank uses Aadhar, it just authenticates and there is no transfer of data. Your banking information will continue to be with the bank," Nilekani said.
He was here to deliver a lecture on transforming governance through technology at the Centre for Organization Development here on Friday.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

RBI s foreign exchange reserves near eight-week lowBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 12:01 AM IST
India's forex reserves near 8-week low
During the week ending Sept 5, reserves fell by $1.33 bn to $317.31 bn
Foreign exchange reserves have fallen to a near eight-week low for the week ended September 5, show RBI data released on Friday. During the week under review, reserves fell $1.33 billion to $317.31 billion, RBI data show. The reserves stood at $317.04 billion in the week ended July 11. Foreign currency assets, a key component of reserves, fell $1.03 billion to $290.36 billion.
For the week under review, the Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) fell by $41.6 million to $4.34 billion, while India's reserve position with the International Monetary Fund was down $16 million to $1.67 billion.
 Advertisements

Wall St dips at open; set to snap five-week win streakWall St. flat, but energy shares lower
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Reuters
Financial Markets
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks opened little changed on Monday as traders gauged the effect of tumbling crude oil prices, with the energy sector falling but bullish outlooks for retail and other consumer stocks.
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 6.29 points, or 0.04 percent, to 16,993.8, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 0.26 points, or 0.01 percent, to 1,985.28 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> dropped 0.84 points, or 0.02 percent, to 4,566.76.

Now  PM seeks people s views on his  Clean India  missionHi Guest
Now, PM seeks people's views on his 'Clean India' mission
Reaching out to people for his ambitious project for a clean India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday sought their views on the contours of 'Mission Swachh Bharat' to be launched on October 2, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi. Modi linked cleanliness to tourism and global interest in India and stressed that world-class levels of hygiene and sanitation are required in the top 50 tourist destinations to bring about a ‘paradigm shift’ in the global perception about the ...

Tobacco auctions in Andhra PradeshTobacco auctions in Andhra Pradesh
Our Bureau
Tweet
Guntur, Sept. 12:  
Virginia tobacco auctions on the auction floors in Andhra Pradesh are on the verge of conclusion and so far 210 million kgs of the crop has been sold at an average price of Rs 119 a kg, against the average price of Rs 113.80 a kg last year, according to sources. The auction process has come to a close on all the floors except those in the northern light soils of West Godavari district and there too it is likely to close by the week-end.
The bright grades accounted for 47.6 per cent of the crop, fetching Rs 124.83 a kg on the average, the medium grades 35.90 per cent fetching Rs Rs 119.93 a kg on the average and the low grades accounting for the rest at an average of Rs 87.44 a kg. The bright grade outturn was a positive feature this season, sources said.
In the northern black soil floors, 3.91 million kgs of tobacco was sold at an average price of Rs 106.91 a kg, and in the southern black soils 76.69 million kgs of crop was sold at an average price of Rs 109.72 a kg and in the southern light soils 64.17 million kgs sold at an average price of Rs 110.45 a kg. In the northern light soils of West Godavari, 65.75 million kgs of tobacco was sold at an average price of Rs 110.45 a kg.
Tobacco Board Chairman K. Gopal said there was a substantial surplus of nearly 40 million kgs of tobacco in AP against the authorised crop size of 172 million kgs. "A margin of 10 per cent of surplus or so is acceptable but anything beyond that is a matter which has to be dealt with. We have imposed penalties on the surplus and collected nearly Rs 35 crores or so. Our objective is to inculcate discipline among farmers as the surplus would have a bearing on the prices, especially when the international market conditions are not conducive. Crop regulation is of the essence, and we will take all measures to curb surplus production," he said.
The auctions in Karnataka will begin from September 15 and the board has authorised a crop size of 104 million kgs in that State. "We do not expect any substantial surplus in Karnataka. The outlook is bright for the State," he said.
One positive feature in Andhra Pradesh this season was that there were no illegal sales of tobacco off the floors and the entire crop, surplus and all, was sold on the floors. "We have exercised much greater control over the process than ever and it has resulted in stoppage of off-the-floor sales of tobacco," he added.

Rupee surges 28 paise to end at 60.65 vs dollar; logs 6th weekly risePress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 05:56 PM IST
Rupee surges 28 paise to end at 60.65 vs dollar; logs 6th weekly rise
The Indian rupee today gained 28 paise, notching up its best daily gain in a month, to end strong at 60.65 against the Greenback on heavy dollar selling by banks and exporters amid positive cues from equity markets.
The Indian rupee today gained 28 paise, notching up its best daily gain in a month, to end strong at 60.65 against the Greenback on heavy dollar selling by banks and exporters amid positive cues from equity markets.
A weak dollar overseas and capital inflows also helped the rupee rally for the second straight day, forex dealers said. This helped the rupee to end with gain of 26 paise for the week, the sixth straight weekly rise.
Against its major global rivals, the dollar index was trading lower by 0.03%. This was ahead of some economic data and Fed's meeting on rates early next week.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency commenced lower at 60.97 a dollar from last close of 60.93 and immediately touched a low of 61.03.
It, later rebounded on dollar selling by exporters and some banks amid better domestic stocks to a high of 60.6450. It finally settled at 60.65, a rise of 28 paise or 0.46%.
This was its best daily gain since the 45-paise rise on August 14, 2014.
Government is scheduled to release Industrial Production (IIP) data for July and inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for August 2014 after market hours later today.
Trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.10 to 61.00, said Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group.
The BSE Sensex today recouped 65.17 points, or 0.24%, ahead of the announcement of key macro economic data later in the day today. FPIs/FIIs had picked up shares worth USD 77.48 million yesterday, as per provisional data.
 Advertisements

Bypoll in 3 Assam Assembly seats tomorrowPrint
Press Trust of India | Guwahati | Posted: September 12, 2014 7:27 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 7:29 pm
Bye-elections to three Assam Assembly constituencies-Silchar, Lakhipur and Jamunamukh will be held on Saturday to decide the political fate of 25 contestants.
Polling will be held from 7 AM to 5 PM in the three constituencies where 5,09,689 voters, including 2,44,543 women, are eligible to exercise their franchise in 588 polling stations, the Election Office said.
Silchar has the highest number of 12 candidates followed by Jamunamukh with eight and Lakhipur with five.
Arun Dutta Majumdar (Congress), Dilip Kumar Paul (BJP) and Nur Ahmed Barbhuyan (AIUDF) are among the prominent contestants in Silchar, while former MLA Dinesh Prasad Goala’s son Rajdeep Goala (Congress), Mukesh Pandey (AIUDF) and Sanjay Thakur (BJP) are notables in Lakhipur.
Jamunamukh has AIUDF president Badruddin Ajmal’s son Abdur Rahim Ajmal, Bashir Uddin Laskar (Cong) and Bilal Uddin (BJP) in the fray among others.
The bye-election was necessitated following the election of Silchar MLA Sushmita Dev and Jamunamukh MLA Mohammad Sirajuddin Ajmal to the Lok Sabha. The death of sitting MLA Dinesh Prasad Goala necessitated bypoll in Lakhipur. Counting of votes will be on September 16, the Election Office added.

IPhone 6 pre-orders crash Apple Store and iPhone 6 Plus sells outIPhone 6 pre-orders crash Apple Store and iPhone 6 Plus sells out
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 12, 2014: 9:59 AM ET
 
See Apple's new iPhone 6 in :60
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The iPhone 6 became available for pre-order on Apple's online store Friday morning -- though "available" is a relative term.
Eager customers encountered lengthy delays, and others couldn't even access the website.
Some customers were reporting that the larger iPhone 6 Plus had sold out.
Apple ( AAPL , Tech30 ) wouldn't comment on that.
Pre-order snafus are commonplace for the iPhone, though they have been minimized in recent years after Apple opened its massive data center in North Carolina. Still, the iPhone 6 is widely anticipated to be the best-selling iPhone of all time, so it's not surprising that demand overwhelmed the company's servers.
On Tuesday, Apple unveiled the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus. The new iPhones have curved edges and bigger screens that measure 4.7 inches and 5.5 inches, up from just four inches on the iPhone 5S.
Both new iPhones feature Apple's new A8 processor, which is 25% faster than the iPhone 5S.
Both iPhones will be available in stores on Sept. 19. The iPhone 6 starts at $199, and the iPhone 6 Plus will start at $299.
 
The iPhone evolved
Amazingly, the new iPhone wasn't even the star of the show during Apple's presentation on Tuesday. The company's new Apple Watch and Apple Pay mobile payments systems are receiving most of the buzz this week.
First Published: September 12, 2014: 9:59 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Most loved and hated stocks right nowMost loved and hated stocks right now
By Jesse Solomon  @JesseSolomonCNN September 12, 2014: 10:29 AM ET
Wall Street gives overwhelmingly some stocks the thumbs up and others the thumbs down.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Wall Street analysts are an opinionated bunch, but occasionally they agree on what's a good deal and what isn't.
Bespoke Investment Group took a look at companies in the S&P 500 that research analysts overwhelmingly recommend investing in and those they suggest dumping.
Here are the top and bottom ranked stocks:
The ones to buy, baby!: Wall Street is over the moon for Delta ( DAL ), with a whopping 100% of analysts currently rating it a "buy." Shares have already taken off 44% this year as investors bet on continued healthy demand for air travel in the U.S. Delta has also been lifted by higher fares, good relationships with its unions, and consolidation in the airline business.
 
Delta CEO: ATL flights every 45 secs
Almost as beloved is Thermo Fisher Scientific ( TMO ), a maker of products and equipment for the biotechnology industry. Nine out of ten analysts who cover it label it a "buy." The stock has performed well as activity in the drug sector has picked up rapidly in recent years.
Also with a 90% buy rate is H&R Block. ( HRB ) The tax preparation firm is up 12% this year.
Stocks to think twice about: It's actually pretty rare for Wall Street analysts to flat out say to sell a stock since it's their job to find investments that will make money. Around 50% of all ratings are "buy," while only 6% are "sell" (the rest are "neutral" or "hold"), according to Bespoke Investment Group. Still, a few notable companies are clearly despised.
A third of analysts urge investors to sell Clorox ( CLX ), which is already swimming in the red this year. The company said in its latest earnings report that sales ticked down in its cleaning division, which includes its laundry products, as well as in its household segment, which is comprised of trash bags, charcoal, and cat litter.
Related: Make a shipping container your home for less than $185K
Deere and Company ( DE ) is also falling out of favor with analysts, with 31% slapping it with a "sell." The agricultural construction conglomerate has suffered as low crop prices have put a crimp on farmers' spending power.
Campbell Soup ( CPB ) isn't looking too appetizing either, with a quarter of analysts recommending that investors to sell it. The food manufacturer's most recently quarterly earnings report showed that soup sales aren't heating up, and the company acknowledged that its overall turnaround effort is taking longer than expected.
Related: Kellogg's echoes rival in green initiative
Things can change quickly: Just because Wall Street is down on a stock one day doesn't mean that same company won't be a hot investment the next. Earnings results, the economy, and even the weather , can all change the way analysts view a particular corporation.
For example, only 13% of analysts rated E*Trade ( ETFC ) a "buy" at the beginning of the year, whereas 56% do now. And Netflix ( NFLX , Tech30 )has experienced a 25% surge in analyst "buy" ratings in 2014 as the video service has demonstrated impressive subscriber growth .
Of course, analysts also reserve the right to change their minds in the other direction.
Citigroup ( C ) has been the biggest loser in that regard this year. The bank kicked off 2014 with an 80% "buy" rate, but that number has since dropped to 56% as the firm has suffered from a mortgage crisis settlement , failed its stress test , and revealed fraud in its Mexican subsidiary.
First Published: September 12, 2014: 7:59 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Major League Soccers plan for video reviews could change the worlds most popular sportThe end of simulation?Reuters/Sergio Perez
SHARE
Max Nisen @MaxNisen
September 12, 2014
Soccer has been one of the slowest sports to adopt change, only adopting goal-line technology in the World Cup this year, despite some real howlers in tournaments past. Now the US Major League Soccer is proposing to push the envelope significantly by testing video-replay challenges of official’s decisions, commissioner Don Garber told Sports Illustrated .
This has potential to significantly change the world’s most popular sport, and not only in the US. The MLS is a comparatively small league, but would serve as a good testing ground and proof of concept for the bigger European leagues.
Imagine the consequences! Players might be less inclined to dive in the penalty box, for example, if there their play-acting could be repeatedly played on a massive stadium screen and their chance at a penalty reversed. Fouls missed by referees might not go unpunished.
FIFA President Sepp Blatter outlined some details of a system earlier this week and hopes to test it in minor tournaments or domestic leagues next year. He suggests allowing coaches to challenge plays once or twice per half, only during play stoppages. The types of plays coaches could challenge weren’t specified.
One of the things that fans of soccer value is the lack of interruption in matches, and pausing the game for a review could slow things down. But more than just about any other sport, referees determine the outcome of soccer games. A red card or penalty can completely change a game, making getting those decisions right absolutely essential.
Some of soccer’s most notorious moments have been terrible referee decisions. Subjectivity might be part of the beauty of the game, but there’s a case to be made that wrong is wrong.
Share this:

Stocks Slip in Early Trading  Head for Weekly LossPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

What Gruesome Finds Lie Behind ISIS Lineswhat gruesome finds lie behind isis lines
Rishabhdev TechnocableCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Indian auto component exports can touch $40 bn by 2020: Reportautomotive equipment
Indian auto component exports are expected to increase by up to four times to touch USD 40 billion by 2020, according to a joint report by Automotive Component Manufacturers Association of India (ACMA) and McKinsey.
The report titled 'Capturing the global opportunity, The next imperative for the Indian auto component industry' pointed out that globalisation in the auto-suppliers industry is an irreversible trend and is likely to increase.
It added Indian suppliers are well positioned to benefit from these global trends and can significantly accelerate their international presence in the next few years.
The Indian suppliers, it said, can look at increasing exports from the current USD 10 billion to USD 35-40 billion, increasing revenue from overseas assets from the current USD 6 billion to USD 20-22 billion and increasing count of Indian suppliers in global top 100 from the current lone figure to five by 2020.
It said the year gone by has been one of the most challenging in the history of automotive industry in India.
During the trying times, each one of the players have had to go back to the drawing board, revisit strategies, reorient their organisations, streamline processes and revitalise their companies to gear up and deal with the challenges.
"This has helped the component manufacturers to evolve into stronger entities with better capabilities to be globally competitive," it added.

India needs a master planIndia needs a master plan
VN Saroja
Tweet
Where nothing seems to change India's farming woes have eluded solutions .
The platform for ideation is irrelevant; what we need is consensus and a clear focus on key long-term goals
Even the largest and most successful private organisations in the world bring in consultants, occasionally or regularly, to get an outsider’s view on the functioning of the company. Very often, insiders of the company are disappointed and will say, the consultant sat with us, took our ideas, presented them and got paid a bomb for doing so.
But that is the job of the consultant. Take ideas from within and outside the organisation, vet them and present the best of them. What they bring to the table is their hopefully unbiased assessment of what needs to done, what it will take to do it, and what it will cost and how it should be done.
The Planning Commission, on similar lines, brought together experts who assessed the status of various sectors, put forth the priorities in their opinion and the expected outcomes based on certain budgets.
An additional role it has includes negotiations with States on the devolution of funds from the Centre to the states for these identified prioritised projects. And therein lay the difference between a consultant and the Commission.
Each year, as the negotiations took place, there were complaints of bias, numbers were bandied on the progress or lack thereof, the amount of previous allocation used, and so on.
These led to allegations of political support or vendetta based on which side of the fence you were on. For several years now, there have been reports on plans to move this role of the Planning Commission out and make it simpler and provide flexibility to states on the use of funds.
Marking a change
So as we move the pieces here and there and try to devise a new way of doing things, the basics will always be the same — we need ideas on how to grow, make citizens healthy and prosperous, how to split the money we have to ensure as equally as possible.
Whether this body or another does it is of little importance. Getting to the goals we set out to reach is important. I don’t think India has had a paucity of ideas over the years.
We have had larger problems in implementation. I believe that emanates more from lack of participation from the Central and State ministries that have to do the implementation. It may also have to do with lack of accountability and transparency in implementation.
Planning and consensus
A quick look at the government websites of most of the developed countries will throw up department plans for the next few years. That is something we lack in India.
The secretary of a ministry as the head of the ministry should be releasing his/her plans for the country after due discussions with counterparts in the states and release a milestone-based plan that all of us can monitor.
The ministries can also highlight some pilot projects that are innovative and require civil society’s support. Instead of an unending education cess that taxpayers dole out, we could actually allow taxpayers to choose to fund some of these pilot projects through a special cess from a shortlist of pilots.
The other thing India sorely lacks is unanimity among political parties on key issues. They should sit together and build a master plan that’s valid for the next 50 years; this would include foreign policy, agricultural policy and industrial policy.
Take for example agricultural policy. We need to define how far we would like to be self-sufficient for each category of crops. We need to define the inflection points at which we will revisit a policy. We need to take a long-term call on farmer incomes, consumer prices and inflation.
We need to be able to build and share a long-term plan for changes in acreage led by industrialisation, new varieties that will compensate for lower availability of arable land, set long-term target prices, export markets to target, and so on.
We should be able to identify extraordinary profits by any part of the value chain and discuss it transparently since these profits tend to come from exploiting either the producer or the consumer. We need to have a policy on investments in farms and the how to channelise them. We need a policy on water use and hence how we will wean farmers from choosing water guzzlers in inappropriate locations.
Political nuancing
It is true that differences in political orientation could lead to nuanced positions on issues. But there are matters that need to be handled by the nation collectively with a long-term perspective, since we already know that short-term measures and ad hoc knee-jerk measures have not helped us so far.
The factors that led to us to become import-dependent in edible oils two decades ago are repeating themselves today in pulses and we seem to have learnt no lessons at all; we continue to struggle with both.
We could have taken a positive view if Indian farmers were to make more money by replacing oil seeds or pulses with something else. But the farmers don’t seem to be happy, the private markets are not responsive and the need for government intervention in the form of procurement, setting MSPs, opening and closing imports and exports, and so on is not decreasing.
I hope we can, as a country, come together and tackle these issues as soon as possible. Experimenting with ideation platforms is the least of the problems we face today.
The writer is the CEO of Agriwatch. The views are personal
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Every drop of treated water countsEvery drop of treated water counts
Manish Agarwal
Tweet
Sweet solution The desalination option B Jothi Ramalingam
To address the water crisis, recycling plants can work as PPPs and industry should switch to using such water
Some stark facts: India has 18 per cent of world’s population with only 4 per cent of total usable water resources. Annual per capita availability of water has declined by 15 per cent in the past 10 years and is estimated to fall to as low as 1140 m3/year by 2050.
The situation could worsen across regions, with variations in distribution of rainfall, proximity to river basins and ground water table levels. Many states may reach water stress state (1700 m3/yr) by 2020 and water scarce state (1000 m3/yr) by 2025. Hence, there is a need for optimum management of existing water resources.
Alternative options
The National Commission on Integrated Water Development Plan suggests that the efficiency of surface water irrigation systems can improve from 35-40 per cent to around 60 per cent. For industrial and domestic users, more technology intensive solutions like desalination projects, industrial and municipal water recycling can be explored. The need to explore supply solutions is critical for industrial users, whose needs are met after meeting the requirements for drinking, irrigation and hydro power, in that order. For industrial users, certainty of supply is more important than water cost, as it consists of 0.2-1 per cent of total cost. Hence, technology-intensive options should be explored to cater to industrial demand. In water stressed states like Tamil Nadu, bulk water rates are already about INR 60/kl while water cost from a typical desalination plant would be in range of INR 50/kl.
Making it work
Desalination projects are primarily in the states of Tamil Nadu, Kerala and Gujarat, the majority being captive. In terms of waste water recycling, about 50 per cent of industrial sewage water generated goes untreated.
The key reason for this is the lack of a holistic framework for coordination and policy making across agencies. Under the Constitution, 'Water' is a State subject with Central Government involvement limited to formulating guidelines like National Water Policy and managing inter-state distribution conflicts.
However, the implementation of such guidelines rests with several agencies. For instance, the National Water Mission calls for overall efficiency improvement of 20 per cent in water use through various non-conventional methods. It states industries consuming significant water should focus on recycling; however, the percentage of water to be recycled is not mentioned. The responsibility of setting up such standards rests with Ministry of Environment & Forest (MoEF) and execution with state governments.
Many states have come up with water policy documents. However, the focus of such policies is on prioritisation, tariff setting, penalty and licensing and there is limited focus on putting together a framework to boost waste water treatment/ reuse, sea water desalination and water conservation.
There is also a need to enhance private participation in technology intensive methods of alternative sources like desalination, water treatment and recycling units. However, there is also a need to ensure that risks are adequately managed among private and public entities from a project finance perspective.
For projects to succeed, two key aspects need to be addressed: Re-prioritisation of alternate supply sources and pricing mechanism.
In brownfield developments, where long term demand for technology intensive solutions like desalination/recycling units is visible, but existing users are already being supplied water from various sources (rivers/ground water etc), there is a need for 'switching off' such sources and reprioritising them for domestic/irrigation use.
Prioritisation of desal/recycled water for industries and contractual flexibility to use earlier water sources as a variable quantity to meet additional demand (which cannot be met through the desal/recycling projects) need to be clearly established.
Pricing mechanism
Though industrial users may be willing to pay higher water tariffs for technology intensive supply solutions, there would still be a need to put in place measures make tariffs acceptable. Commercial blending of tariff is a possible option, especially in dedicated industrial/economic corridors with multiple suppliers. In such regions, rather than having differential pricing for technology intensive solutions and conventional sources, a blended tariff across board would help incentivise use of technology intensive sources.
Again, to make above solutions actually implementable there is a need for developing an integrated approach,.
Resolution of such aspects would go a long way in development of alternate water supply solutions and aid the bridging of the water demand supply gap. (With inputs from Dhruv Gadh)
The writers are with PwC India
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

Cosmetology Rules Show Absurdity of Occupational Licensingreddit
Your stylist has to get government permission to cut your hair. That's true no matter what state you live in.
In West Virginia cosmetologists must go through 467 days of training and pay $185 before they can receive a state license to operate legally, according to a report from the nonpartisan Institute for Justice .
Alabama charges aspiring cosmetologists $275 in fees and requires 350 days of training in exchange for a state license, according to the report.
Occupational licenses cost time and money, and more than 1,000 occupations are subject to regulation in at least one state across the country, according to a 2007 Reason Foundation report .
Under America's vast occupational-licensing systems, the perception is that a piece of government-issued paper proves that a person is capable of working in his or her respective trade or profession. But in reality many government-issued licenses are simply hoops through which individuals must jump before they can start to make a living. These hoops provide a hefty revenue source for government but do little besides pose a barrier to entry for people wanting to start out in their chosen field. And often the rules for each profession don't match up with the level of safety required to perform the job well.
In Wisconsin becoming a cosmetologist takes 15 times the amount of training that it takes to become an emergency medical technician, or EMT, according to the Institute for Justice report. Nationwide cosmetologists spend an average of 372 days to get a license, whereas the average EMT spends just 33 days.
Increasingly, going into business for yourself or embarking on a new career doesn't just require setting up shop and acquiring the necessary skills for success. It's about paying fees and meeting arbitrary government requirements.  The Reason Foundation report noted that 20 percent of the workforce needed to obtain a license to work as of 2007. In the 1950s that number stood at about 4.5 percent. And since licenses are often difficult and expensive to obtain, professionals already working in a given field feel less pressure from new competition.
Many cosmetologists already seek certification outside government to gain added expertise, skill and value for the customers. Esthetics companies such as Aveda and Redken offer tiered educational and achievement programs that serve as a benchmark for professional expertise. And some stylists operate outside the system altogether, running salons out of their homes and hauling in a healthy income.
Customers recognize talent and results. Finding a great stylist is often difficult, but once customers find someone they trust and who does a good job, they tend to be loyal. Having a government license has nothing to do with that.
Follow Hilary Gowins on Twitter: www.twitter.com/hilarygowins
More:

The Power of Millennial Entrepreneurshipreddit
Where would millennials be if the economy didn't crash in 2008? Most would probably think a lot better off... working for an established company, getting paid a decent wage, getting married, buying a house. You know... the "stable" life. But would we be happy? There is something to be grateful for in the wake of the crash... a whole new era of entrepreneurs.
If you think about, it's the crash that forced us to create our own jobs. The lack of opportunity actually birthed more freedom, more risk-taking and more ambition because we had no other choice. There was no job. There was no ladder to climb. The alternative was to build the ladder ourselves. Rather than hating Wall Street, we can thank corporate corruption for giving way to a generation of social entrepreneurs. We have embraced our power as individuals and have become aware that together we can shape the world to consciously and proactively give back to each other. It's about occupying our hearts not our cities.
Today, 60 percent of millennials consider themselves entrepreneurs and 90 percent recognize entrepreneurship as a mentality. We are building incredible businesses that are literally changing life as we know it. I've personally had the distinct privilege of meeting a handful of these astute entrepreneurs and featured them on the cover of Millennial Magazine .
I was first blown away by the innovative nature of the Goldston twins. Born and raised in Los Angeles, 28-year-olds Ryan and Adam Goldston have invented the first shoe that makes you jump higher and run faster. Within 72 hours of being banned from the NBA in 2010, they sold nine months worth of inventory. Their company Athletic Propulsion Labs (APL) is now a global success. They have since moved into designing and manufacturing a matching apparel line for both men and women. Not only do their shoes change the game for all fitness wear, but their style is also incredibly unique and well conceived. They even go so far as to theme their shoe lines -- being inspired by everything from high performance vehicles, to luxury sports cars and even computer microprocessors.
Then I met Jordan Urbach , prodigy violinist turn tech entrepreneur. This 22-year-old was famous for being the first 7-year-old to play Carnegie Hall. By the time he was 17, he was attending Yale and forming the International Coalition for College Philanthropists. And just this year, he released a video app called Ocho that has Vine on edge. Jourdan is a testament to the power of millennial entrepreneurship and has such high regard for the generation that he believes we can set humanity back on track.
You know that food truck you see on every corner? Well, those probably wouldn't be so popular without the economy crash either. Ross Resnick , only 25 at the time, saw an opportunity in 2009 to start tracking food trucks. Now at 30, he has grown his company, Roaming Hunger, to not only track over 4700 vendors, but also connect them to various catering events and even help them with financing opportunities. Ross has helped lift the social stigma surrounding these mobile restaurants by making them accessible, fun, and engaging.
As a society we need to not frown upon the 26-year-old building a business from their parent's garage, but look at them as possibly the next Steve Jobs. We have become so detached from the single element that provided opportunities for economic growth in this country -- pure entrepreneurship. With this new generation of socially minded yet fiscally conservative business oriented young adults, we have to embrace their dreams and not scoff at their lofty goals, but rather support them along the way.
Success doesn't happen overnight, so why are we putting pressure on our 20 and 30 year olds to just give up and go with the status quo when they are vigorously trying to make our world a better place. It's not going to happen alone. It takes a team and an audience.
Be the audience member that makes a difference by simply saying "Go get it!"
Follow Britt Hysen on Twitter: www.twitter.com/MillennialMagz
More:

The Biggest Home-Buying Mistakes 5 Real Homeowners Madereddit
It's next to impossible to get through the home-buying experience completely unscathed. Maybe you accidentally buy a house with mold in the basement (like I did) or you snag a condo across the street from what will soon be a multi-year redevelopment project.
Been through a bad experience? Don't beat yourself up. No matter how much you prepare, buying real estate can be an intense and messy experience.
But the right preparation can also save you time, money and heartache.
According to a nationwide survey by the real estate firm Redfin, as many as a quarter of homeowners wish they had never purchased their place at all. And you certainly don't want to be counted among that number!
Curious about what real buyers now regret, LearnVest caught up with five brave people willing to share the biggest mistake they made when buying a home -- to hopefully save you big when you decide to take the plunge.
Buying Instead of Renting
Who: Jay Stevens *, 34, a blogger/entrepreneur, and his wife, 32, a Ph.D. student
Location: Virginia
In the summer of 2007, Stevens and his then fiancée (now wife) were looking to put down roots. They had hoped to find a two-bedroom apartment to rent, but wound up buying a $360,000 three-level townhouse 48 hours after first seeing it.
What went wrong?
"We were super excited, and everyone we knew was buying homes, and we thought that was 'just what you were supposed to do' at our age," says Stevens.
After falling in love with the "dream house" and the surrounding community, the couple approached a lender and found out they were approved for a $500,000 loan. That sealed the deal -- but Stevens says they should have given the decision more thought. "Just because a bank will give you a large amount of money, it doesn't mean you should accept it," he says, now knowing this in retrospect.
While they both had full-time jobs and enough in savings to handle the financial commitment of home ownership, Stevens still thinks they could have made better choices with their money.
After factoring in approximately what they would have been paying in rent, Stevens says buying the townhouse -- which was significantly more space than the couple really needed -- probably ended up costing them an additional $1,500 a month. Moreover, the house ended up losing $60,000 in value in a matter of two years. Stevens says he and his wife felt "stuck" and down on themselves for making an impulse move with such a large amount of money.
Because they bought at the peak of the market, the couple isn't currently able to sell the house. But the silver lining is that Stevens and his wife ended up becoming landlords, and they're currently renting out the house while they wait for a better time to sell it.
Hiring the Wrong Real Estate Agent
Who: Katherine Doe, 29, a marketing manager
Location: Mount Pleasant, S.C.
"I picked up and moved from Rochester, N.Y., for the low-country lifestyle and charm of Charleston," says Doe.
In the summer of 2013, she rented a furnished condo in a Charleston suburb for four months while she looked for a two-bedroom condo to purchase.
"It's a cutthroat, sellers market here, and I was a first-time buyer," says Doe. "I thought I was doing everything right, following all directions and requests, and taking my agent's advice in getting an attorney -- her referral -- for the process," she adds. "I also used a mortgage broker that was recommended in the area."
Doe bought a condo in October 2013, but things didn't quite go as expected.
"I ended up purchasing a 'furnished' condo with no furniture included," she says. "The listing indicated it was being sold furnished, so I assumed it was automatically included," says Doe. But when her agent put together the contract, she failed to include that furniture was part of the deal. By the time Doe realized the mistake, the contract was already signed and executed, and there was nothing her lawyer could do to help.
"I had thought that a lawyer was reviewing everything -- part of my naivety," she says.
Plus, because of delays in processing her mortgage paperwork (her real estate broker disappeared on an unannounced vacation abroad), Doe also almost ended up without a place to live, as the lease on her rental was soon expiring. Luckily, she had a kindhearted landlord who allowed her to stay in the apartment for an extra month.
Doe says she should have realized that real estate transactions can go wrong, even if you think you're completely ready. She also admits that if she'd taken the time to talk to people in the area, she would have learned that it's common for local condo closings to be delayed and overshadowed by multimillion-dollar transactions.
Had she done this research, "I would have learned that there are always problems ... and that condo sales are complicated because of HOAs [home ownership associations]," she says. "The HOA I was dealing with didn't have a proper budget prepared for the lender to submit to the bank," says Doe. "It took a few weeks for them to pull that together."
Fortunately, Doe ended up getting refunds from the real estate broker, the mortgage company and the attorney due to negligence, but she puts the value of the "lost" furniture at $2,000. That money, she says, could have been used for other necessary upgrades, like installing new flooring or painting the walls.
The experience was "a challenge I pushed through and feel proud of," says Doe. "Given that my mortgage is cheaper than renting and I'm getting all kinds of tax benefits because I work from a home office, it is financially worth it," she adds.

Ancient  Dragon  Pterosaur Flew Right Out of  Avatarancient  dragon  pterosaur flew right out of  avatar
Rs 100 cr box office collections pie: Priyanka Chopra stakes claim for  Barfi   but not  Krrish 3    Don 2  successHome
Miscellaneous
Rs 100 cr box office collections pie: Priyanka Chopra stakes claim for 'Barfi', but not 'Krrish 3', 'Don 2' success
Harneet Singh | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 12 2014, 15:32  IST
Sep 12 2014, 15:32  IST
 

Nifty ends above 8 100 ahead of July IIP  Aug CPI dataTulemino Antao & Surabhi Roy |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 03:54 PM IST
Nifty ends above 8,100 ahead of July IIP, Aug CPI data
The top gainers on the Sensex were Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Maruti Suzuki, Hero Moto & Sesa Sterlite
Benchmark share indices snapped their three-day losing streak to end marginally higher as investors adopted a wait-and-watch stance ahead of macro economic data due for release later today.
The government will release data on consumer price inflation for August 2014 and industrial production for July 2014 later today.
The 30-share Sensex ended higher by 65 points at 27,061 and the 50-share Nifty gained 20 points at 8,106.
The market breadth in BSE ended positive with 1,736 shares advancing and 1,318 shares declining.
Meanwhile, India recorded its heaviest spell of monsoon rains in 2014 in the past week, logging in surplus for the second straight week, raising hopes of a delayed retreat of the four-month season.
Foreign portfolio investors bought shares worth a net Rs 433.55 crore on Thursday, as per provisional stock exchange data
INDIAN RUPEE
At 15:30, the rupee was trading at 60.74 per dollar versus Thursday's close of 60.9250/9350. The Indian unit had fallen to 61.03 in early trade. Huge dollar selling by custodian banks is seen, say traders.
GLOBAL MARKETS
Japanese share prices rose for the fifth straight session on Friday to end at an eight-month high, with exporters leading the gains on the yen's weakness. Japan's Nikkei share average rose 0.3% to 15,948.29 points, its highest close since Jan. 8.
For the week, it gained 1.8%, outperforming most other share markets. The broader Topix gained 0.2% to a six-year closing high, while the new JPX-Nikkei Index 400 rose 0.2%.
Investors will look to next week's Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting for fresh guidance on US interest rates. At the end of a two-day meeting on 16-17 September 2014, the FOMC is widely expected to announce cut in Fed's monthly bond-buying program by another $10 billion to $15 billion, staying on track to end the program at its October meeting.
The Fed is likely to raise short-term interest rates next year from their current near-zero levels, where they have been since December 2008.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE Auto, Healthcare and Consumer Durables indices gained by almost 1% each. However, BSE Power and Capital Goods indices slipped between 1-1.4%.
The top gainers on the Sensex were Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Maruti Suzuki, Hero Moto, Sesa Sterlite, HDFC and ITC.
Cipla was the top Sensex gainer, up over 6%.
Shares of Maruti Suzuki gained after the company chairman said that double-digit sales growth is expected this current year.
Tata Motors surged by over 1%. Macquarie raises price target for the stock to 700 rupees from 540 rupees and says it expects Tata's earnings to double over three years from FY2014 to FY2017.
On the losing side, Hindalco, Sun Pharma, NTPC, Tata Power and L&T slipped between 1-2%.
Shares of Sun Pharmaceutical Industries and Ranbaxy Laboratories slumped over 2% extending their previous day’s fall on reports of drug regulator, US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) conducting a surprise inspection of the Sun Pharma’s manufacturing plant at Halol in Gujarat.
Among other shares, Oracle Financial Services Software surged nearly 7% after the Board of Directors of the company approved payment of interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share of face value of Rs 5 each of the company.
Shares of Snowman Logistics witnessed a huge jump of 68% to end at Rs 79 on debut. Snowman Logistics had priced its IPO at Rs 47.
Steel Strips Wheels (SSWL) surged 10% after the company said it is increasing the production capacity by 1.5 million wheels annually to cater to increasing demand from OEMs.
 Advertisements

In pictures: United States commemorates 9/11 anniversaryprint
The United States marked the 13th anniversary of the Sepember 11 attacks against a troubling backdrop. The ceremonies came just hours after President Barack Obama told the country he is authorizing stepped-up airstrikes in Iraq and Syria against Islamic State extremists. In New York City, family and friends of those who died read the names of the 2,983 people killed there, at the Pentagon and near Shanksville, Pennsylvania.
In Washington, Obama observed a moment of silence outside the White House with the first lady and Vice President Joe Biden before heading to the Pentagon's 9/11 memorial. “Thirteen years since the peace of an American morning was broken,” the president said, speaking to family members of victims and a few survivors. “Thirteen years of moments they would have shared with us.”
Here's a gallery of photos from Thursday's commemoration.
 People look at the 'Tribute in Lights' illuminated over lower Manhattan during events marking the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center in New York. (Reuters)
The 'Tribute in Lights' is reflected on the 9/11 Memorial on September 11, 2014 in New York City. This year marks the 13th anniversary of the September 11th terrorist attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people at the World Trade Center, Pentagon and on Flight 93. (AFP)
A red balloon floats in the air as onlookers have their photograph taken in front of the "Tribute in Light" illuminated over the Lower Manhattan skyline on the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. (Reuters)
A rose is left at the 9/11 Memorial on September 11, 2014 in New York City. (AFP)
 
Roses and flags left by loved ones are placed on the names inscribed at the North Pool during memorial observances on the 13th anniversary of the Sept. 11 terror attacks on the World Trade Center in New York. (AP)
Eileen Esquilin hugs her husband, Joe Irizarry, while mourning the loss of her brother, Ruben Esquilin Jr, during the memorial observances held at the site of the World Trade Center in New York. (AFP)
 
Sam Pulia, mayor and a former police officer of Westerchester, Ilinois, mourns over the name of his cousin, New York firefighter Thomas Anthony Casoria, who was killed in the South Tower, prior to the the memorial observances held at the site of the World Trade Center in New York. (AFP)
 Several hundred motorcyclists gathered on the National Mall for a rally to honor the survivors and first responders of the 9/11 terrorist attacks September 11, 2014 in Washington, DC. (AFP)
US President Barack Obama (C), First Lady Michelle Obama (L) and Vice President Joe Biden (R) arrive for a moment of silence on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC to mark the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks on the United States. (AFP)
US President Barack Obama speaks at the Pentagon in Washington, DC during a ceremony marking the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks on the United States. (AFP)
Obama listens to the national anthem during a ceremony to mark the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 terrorists attacks that killed nearly 3,000 people at the World Trade Center, Pentagon and on Flight 93. (AFP)
US President Barack Obama (L), First Lady Michelle Obama and Vice President Joe Biden (R) observe a moment of silence on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, DC on September 11, 2014, the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. (AFP)
A view shows a portion of the 2,977 flags laid out to signify the people who lost their lives in the 9/11 attacks during a remembrance event on the campus of Cuyamaca College in El Cajon, California. (Reuters)
First lady Michelle Obama listens during a ceremony marking the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks at the Pentagon in Washington September 11, 2014.
A man looks up at One World Trade Center near the 9/11 Memorial site on the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks on September 11, 2014. (Reuters)
A gallery staffer checks a display by Spanish photographer Angel Marcosto that shows images of the US's World Trade Center building before and after the terror attack, during ArtRio, the annual international art fair in Brazil. (AFP)
A man photographs One World Trade Center (reflected center) near the 9/11 Memorial site on the 13th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks in New York, September 11, 2014. (Reuters)
Meanwhile, members of the "9/11 Truth" movement protest near the 9/11 Memorial on the 13th anniversary of Al Qaeda's attack on the United States. (Reuters)
U.S. Secretary of Defense, Chuck Hagel, listens during the Pentagon Community September 11th Observance, a remembrance ceremony to mark the 13th anniversary of the terrorist attacks at the Pentagon in Arlington, Virginia. (AFP)
 
People walk past the work of artist Mr. Brainwash as he creates a massive 9/11 Mural across the street from the The National September 11 Memorial & Museum on the 13th anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks. (AFP)
A woman lays flowers at the Fire Department of New York (FDNY) Memorial Wall on September 11, 2014. (AFP)
A US soldier holds photographs of the September 11, 2001 attacks in remembrance of those who perished thirteen years ago during the 9/11 attacks, at a military base in Bagram, 50 kms north of Kabul on September 11, 2014. (AFP)
A man visits a bench, which represents a victim during the 9/11 Pentagon attack, prior to a ceremony to mark the 13th anniversary of the terrorists attacks at the Pentagon Memorial. (AFP)
A woman hugs a boy during the memorial observances held at the site of the World Trade Center in New York, September 11, 2014. (AFP)
A motorcyclist gathered on the National Mall for a rally to honor the survivors poses in front of a memorial on September 11, 2014 in Washington, DC. (AFP)
A rose is left behind in remembrance of those lost after the memorial observances held at the site of the World Trade Center in New York, September 11, 2014. (AFP)

Senior Correspondent CNBC-TV18Senior Correspondent
CNBC-TV18
Anshu Sharma is a Senior Correspondent at CNBC-TV18`s New Delhi Bureau. She covers policy and news on sectors like Power, Coal, Mining, Steel and Environment & Forest.
ABOUT Anshu Sharma
Anshu Sharma is a Senior Correspondent at CNBC-TV18`s New Delhi Bureau. She covers policy and news on sectors like Power, Coal, Mining, Steel and Environment & Forest.

3% quota must for disabled in all govt jobs including IAS: SCPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 5:44 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 9:59 pm
The Supreme Court on Friday ruled in favour of three per cent reservation for differently-abled candidates in civil services, not only at the stage of their appointments but also for departmental promotions.
Giving a level-playing field to more than four crore people with disabilities in India, the apex court held that the Centre, states and Union Territories were obligated to implement the rules of reservation for this class in the matters of appointment, selection, direct recruitment, deputation and also for promotions. It asked the Centre to show a big heart and give the differently-abled people their due in all central and state government jobs.
A bench led by Chief Justice of India R M Lodha reiterated its earlier verdict that the principle of not exceeding 50 per cent reservation would not be applicable while granting quota for differently-abled people.
The bench expressed its displeasure at the government seeking to adopt a hyper-technical approach, as its counsel pressed that three per cent reservation could be given only at the stage of appointment but not for promotion. The Persons With Disabilities Act provides for three per cent quota for the differently-abled people.
“Appointment will include promotion. You are frustrating the very reservation policy for the disabled — the class for which this beneficial piece of legislation was enacted, by arguing against it,” the bench, also comprising Justices Kurian Joseph and Rohinton F Nariman, told Additional Solicitor General Pinky Anand.
Anand sought to point out that the reservation at the stage of promotion may lead to huge resentment, especially among employees in Group A and Group B categories, since many beneficiaries may get ahead of their seniors.
She was placing an appeal against the Bombay High Court order, directing the government to implement three per cent reservation for the differently-abled in civil services recruitment, besides granting the benefit in the matter of promotion too. This order was issued on a PIL filed by the National Confederation for Development of Disabled, which was represented by senior advocate R S Suri and Arpit Bhargava in the apex court.
The bench, however, told the Additional Solicitor General that the objective of the reservation policy, as envisaged by Parliament, was unequivocal that the differently-abled people must get the benefits without technical impediments.
“Once Parliament prescribes for reservation in appointments, it will cover direct recruitment, promotion and even deputation. Our experience tells us that it is one legislation that has never been effectively implemented. In any case, it is a beneficial legislation and you should interpret in a manner so that they get the benefits,” said the bench.
At this, the Additional Solicitor General agreed with the bench and conceded not to press the appeal any further. The court then dismissed the appeal.
The three per cent reservation, as clarified by the apex court in its last year’s judgment, is to the extent of one per cent each for the blind, hearing and speech impaired, and persons suffering from locomotor disability or cerebral palsy.
The Supreme Court had in October last ruled in favour of a minimum three per continued…

Honda initiates process for third plant in G...Honda Cars initiates process for third plant in Gujarat
ET Bureau Sep 13, 2014, 05.26AM IST
Tags:
Gujarat
(Honda Cars India has initiated…)
NEW DELHI: India's third largest carmaker Honda Cars India is planning to set up its third manufacturing plant of the country in Gujarat , with the aim of making India a major export hub in future. The fully-owned subsidiary of Honda Motor Company of Japan has two manufacturing plants at Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh and Tapukara in Rajasthan with a cumulative installed capacity of 2.4 lakh per annum.
Honda Cars India senior vice president (marketing & sales) Jnaneswar Sen announced the carmaker's plan to initiate the land acquisition in Gujarat.
"The land acquisition is at a very preliminary phase. The third plant is part of Honda's long-term commitment to the Indian market. We are yet to finalise the plans for the third plant and the entire process is at a very preliminary stage," he said on the sidelines of annual convention of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers' in Delhi on Friday.
The company also plans to add the second shift operations at its Tapukara plant from November to cope with the rising demand for its popular sedans such as the City and Amaze manufactured at this facility. It currently has a production capacity of 60,000 units on a single shift basis.
"We have a lot of scope to enhance our production at the Tapukara plant that is spread over 450 acres and is almost thrice the 150-acre Greater Noida plant," Sen added.
Honda is the fastest growing car company in India as sales jumped 48 per cent to hit 73,119 units in the first five months of the current fiscal. The company plans to introduce the next-generation premium hatchback Jazz next year and also debut the new Accord sedan to increase its play in the Indian market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

FinMin seeks Cabinet nod to reduce govt stake in banksHi Guest
FinMin seeks Cabinet nod to reduce govt stake in banks
The Finance Ministry is finalising the draft Cabinet note on reducing government stake in PSU banks to up to 52 per cent as part of recapitalisation drive. In 2010, the then Cabinet had approved a proposal to keep the minimum shareholding of government to 58 per cent in the public sector banks in order to provide buffer for the future. A draft note is now being finalised for taking blanket approval from the Cabinet to bring down government the minimum stake in state-owned banks from 58 per cent ...

Hope to see YoY sales growth from September: Tata MotorsWith Zest, we have strongly launched our Revotron turbocharged petrol engine and where our petrol sales [vehicles] increase dramatically.
Ranjit Yadav
President- Passenger Car Biz Unit
Tata Motors
In an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Shereen Bhan, Ranjit Yadav, President - Passenger Vehicle Business Unit, Tata Motors , said the company’s recent launch, Zest compact sedan, was off to a good start while the Bolt hatch based on the same platform would launch in January 2015.
“The Zest is the first outcome of our Horizonext strategy, the intense product focus we put,” he said. “We will have a series of vehicles coming out. We are committed to bringing out two vehicles every year.”
Backed by the new products, Tata Motors was looking to put behind the trend of falling sales growth it has witnessed over the past couple of years. “Starting from this month, we should hopefully start growing strongly over the last year.”
Below is the transcript of Ranjit Yadav’s interview with Shereen Bhan on CNBC-TV18.
Q: What has the response to Zest been?
A: Zest has been an exceptionally good launch for us and things are looking up and being quite positive. Most dealerships are reporting a very high walk-in number and a lot new people and of new profile coming in. We have an order pipeline of 10,000 which is well reported so that is where we are at and things are progressing quite strongly for us.
Q: What do you hope to do in terms of market share on account of the Zest and you believe that this is a good launch and you believe that this is likely to be sustainable, the kind of response that you have seen at the booking phase but how much of your market share can you hope to recoup on account of this because you are now down to under 5 percent?
A: The Zest is important for us for a couple of reasons. It is the first outcome of our Horizonext strategy, the intense product focus we put. This is the first proof point that we have got a vehicle out there, which we wanted to and had indicated in February of this year. This will be followed by the Bolt. So, we will have a series of vehicles coming out. We are committed to bringing out two vehicles every year.
The Zest, we intend to win the personal consumer mind share and numbers will follow. Our volumes are anyway going up and that indication was already seen in August and you will see much better numbers this month as well.
Q: Can you give us an indication of how much better when you talk about improving your volume performance because if I were to just look at your FY14 performance versus FY13, total car sales at 1.12 lakh versus 1.8 lakh in FY13 and that means your car sales were actually down over 37 percent. What kind of an improvement in volumes are you anticipating in this year?
A: When you put it in that context let us talk about August. Sales declined by 6 percent over same period last year and the Zest was not at volume. We were talking about 30 going down to -6 percent. Starting from this month, we should hopefully start growing strongly over the last year.
Going forward we hope to see the same thing in our car volumes whether it is the Zest, Bolt and other models which we have.
Q: What about the Bolt launch date because there has been some speculation on whether you have decided to push back the launch date of the Bolt? Is the Bolt on schedule for launch this year?
A: The Bolt is on schedule. The Bolt is ready and available with us. We have very strong demand for Zest and we are ramping up for that. So, that is what we are focused on now. Very shortly, we will be introducing the Bolt as well.
Q: Can you give us a little more clarity on what you mean by when you say very shortly?
A: January of next year.
Q: So it is January 2015 launch that we are now looking at for the Bolt?
A: That is right.
Q: I also want to get your perspective on what we are seeing happen as far as diesel prices are concerned. It seems fairly certain now that the government is going to move towards complete diesel deregulation. This has been a benefit enjoyed by the likes of Tata Motors and Mahindra and Mahindra (M&M) but now with difference between diesel and petrol prices coming down significantly do you believe that you are going to be at a disadvantage?
A: With the introduction of the Zest, where we have very strongly launched our Revotron turbocharged petrol engine and we start to see a change where our petrol sales [vehicles] increase dramatically.
In the medium term, we expect to become agnostic to fuel. We will be strong in both petrol and diesel. So, while we have an inherent advantage in the diesel side of the game, as we go forward, we will be well poised for both parts.
Tata Motors stock price
On September 15, 2014, Tata Motors closed at Rs 512.25, down Rs 4.25, or 0.82 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 531.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 325.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.08 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 6403.13. The latest book value of the company is Rs 59.58 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 8.60.
RELATED NEWS

Customers are coming back to dealerships: Vikram Kirloskar06:00 pm
On the sidelines of the SIAM Convention, Vikram Kirloskar, President, SIAM said it is great to have numbers that are once again going up.
He says the last two years were terrible. Whenever he would talk to the Press, his response would be more like it is worse than the previous month. “But this has reversed over the last four months – now I say it’s better than last month. This has put a smile back on all our faces,” he says.
With the change in sentiment, customers are coming to dealerships, enquiry levels have gone up. The effects of positive sentiment can be felt all across the board, he adds.
RELATED NEWS

Indirect tax collections up 4.6% in Apr-AugSep 12, 2014, 06.46 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Indirect tax collections up 4.6% in Apr-Aug
Indirect tax collections comprising excise, customs and service tax stood at Rs 1,94,492 crore in the first five months of 2014-15 fiscal as against Rs 1,85,881 crore in the corresponding period a year ago, the finance ministry said in a statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indirect tax collections up 4.6% in Apr-Aug
Indirect tax collections comprising excise, customs and service tax stood at Rs 1,94,492 crore in the first five months of 2014-15 fiscal as against Rs 1,85,881 crore in the corresponding period a year ago, the finance ministry said in a statement.
Post your opinion here
 
Indirect tax mop up inched up by 4.6 percent in the April-August period of this fiscal, while customs duty and excise duty collections rose marginally. Indirect tax collections comprising excise, customs and service tax stood at Rs 1,94,492 crore in the first five months of 2014-15 fiscal as against Rs 1,85,881 crore in the corresponding period a year ago, the finance ministry said in a statement.
The growth at 4.6 per cent is far less than 25 percent annual increase envisaged in the Budget for the full 2014-15 fiscal. Excise collection rose marginally 0.5 percent during the quarter to over Rs 61,415 crore. Customs mop up also rose marginally by 0.3 percent to over Rs 71,207 crore during April-August period against Rs 70,999 crore in the same period a year ago.
Service tax collection, which has become a new focus area for revenue officials, grew by 15.1 percent to Rs 61,870 crore during the period, the statement said. With an aim to widen the service tax net, the government had introduced the concept of negative list of taxation. As per it, all services except those in the negative list are taxable.
The indirect tax collection target for 2014-15 fiscal stands at Rs 6.24 lakh crore. Indirect tax collection in the month of August grew by 9 percent to Rs 40,644 crore. Excise duty mop up in month of August grew by 8 percent to Rs 13,782 crore, whereas custom duty collection grew by 9.9 percent to Rs 15,902 crore.
Service tax mop up in August grew by 9 percent to Rs 10,960 crore against Rs 10,059 crore in the same month last fiscal.
RELATED NEWS

Repurchase of Government StocksSep 12, 2014, 06.55 PM IST  | Source: RBI
Repurchase of Government Stocks
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Repurchase of Government Stocks
Post your opinion here
 
The Government of India have notified the repurchase of its securities through reverse auction for an aggregate amount of `20,000 crore (face value). The security-wise details of the repurchase are given as under:
Sr. No.
7.38% GS 2015 (conv)
September 3, 2015
The repurchase by the Government of India will be undertaken to prematurely redeem the Government Stocks by utilizing surplus cash balances. The above repurchase of the Government Stocks is purely adhoc in nature.
Auction for securities will be on price based auction format. The auctions will be conducted using multiple price method. Bids for the auction should be submitted in electronic format on the Reserve Bank of India Core Banking Solution (E-Kuber) system on September 16, 2014 (Tuesday) between 10.30 a.m. and 12.00 noon. The result of the auctions will be announced on the same day.
RBI reserves the right to:
Decide on the quantum of purchase of individual securities.
Accept less than the aggregate amount of `20,000 crore.
Purchase marginally higher than the aggregate amount due to rounding off effects.
Accept or reject any or all of the offers either wholly or partially without assigning any reason.
Ajit Prasad

Assembly elections: Yuvraj Singh to campaign for BJP in HaryanaMy father has a mind of his own: Manmohan Singh's daughter on memoir 4 hours 55 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Saradha scam: CBI arrests Assamese singer Sadananda Gogoi#sadananda gogoi #saradha scam #west bengal #assamese #singer #arrest
Kolkata: Central Bureau of Investigation on Friday arrested Assamese singer Sadananda Gogoi in connection with the Saradha scam.
CBI spokesperson Kanchan Prasad said in Delhi that Gogoi has been arrested in Kolkata on the allegations of "conspiracy and misappropriation of funds" and he will be produced in Alipore court tomorrow.
Gogoi was summoned at its CGO complex office in Kolkata for the fourth time today and was arrested after interrogation, CBI sources said.
Gogoi has been charged with criminal conspiracy and misappropriation of funds and will be produced in court on Saturday.
Gogoi was allegedly acting as a conduit for Saradha Chairman-cum-Managing Director Sudipta Sen and lured influential people using his contacts, the sources said.
With this arrest, a total of 10 persons have been nabbed by the CBI in connection with the scam which includes six who were arrested by West Bengal Police and taken into custody by the agency.
A prominent lawyer from Odisha is expected to be questioned by CBI soon, the sources said.
The agency has recently arrested former West Bengal DGP Rajat Majumdar for his alleged involvement in the scam.
Majumdar, who had worked as Director General (Armed Police) in West Bengal, was allegedly associated with Saradha Group, which has been accused of duping thousands of investors of crores of rupees, they said.
The agency has also arrested  East Bengal club official Debabrata Sarkar and businessman Sandhir Agarwal
CBI has registered four FIRs against Saradha Group in the chit fund scam in West Bengal whereas 44 cases have been registered in Odisha.
The Supreme Court had handed over the Saradha chit fund scam probe to CBI and asked the state governments to provide all logistical help to the agency's team investigating the matter.
CBI has formed a Special Investigating Team (SIT) headed by Joint Director Rajiv Singh also probe the role of some officials of Securities Exchange Board of India (SEBI) and RBI, the sources said.
(With inputs from PTI)

Kingston MobileLite Wireless review: A good to haveaccessoryFor professionals, who need to access storage units on-the-go, the Kingston MobileLite Wireless is a good option but everyone may not find spending Rs. 4,495 worthwhile.
Written by Debashis Sarkar | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 7:19 pm
Nearly all smartphones and tablet PCs come with USB OTG support, which helps us to access data on flash drives and portable hard drives. The major issue with USB OTG cable connection is that the user has to carry the weight of the storage device. Also, the storage unit keeps on dangling down the micro-USB port of the smartphone or tablet- which is irritating.
Limited storage capacity is another issue synonymous with all smartphones and tablets. So, if you are looking for a device to boost your storage capacity or something that will allow you to access your hard drive, flash drive or SD card from your smartphone or tablet wirelessly without connecting to any computer then this review might interest you.
Device: Kingston Digital MobileLite wireless flash reader comes with a USB port and a SD card slot. You can either connect a pen drive or a portable hard drive and a SD card (mircoSD cards are also supported through adapter) and access content wirelessly through the MobileLite application (available for free) on your Android or iOS device. It supports SD, SDHC and SDXC cards.
Three users can connect to the device simultaneous. Which means, the same memory card, hard drive or pen drive can be used by three users at a time to play different content on three different devices.
It also doubles up as a power bank for emergency power requirement. MobileLite doesn’t have any built-in storage space.
The mission of Kingston Digital MobileLite wireless flash reader is to make additional storage units like portable hard drives, pen drives and memory cards a part of our daily lives on-the-go. So, let’s see if it could impress us or not.
Price: Rs. 4,495 (At Amazon.in)
Design: The Kingston MobileLite Wireless is simple looking, surprisingly light device and easily fits inside trouser pockets. It offers one microSD card slot, one regular USB port and one micro USB port for charging. There is one physical button along with three LED lights. To turn on the device, users will have to just press the button once and on long pressing the button, the WiFi connection is established.
Accessibility: Users will need to download the MobileLite app on their smartphone. Attach the storage unit to the reader and long press the power button to get a static blue light on the device. On the smartphone, activate WiFi and find the device and enter a password. The content can then be accessed via the MobileLite app.
Performance: The card reader does a decent job. I did not witness any lags while streaming a HD movie or any large file. Users can cut/copy and paste files from one storage unit to another and into their phone’s memory or external storage. The range of the device is pretty decent. However, remember, if you are using WiFi to view a movie on your smartphone, then it sucks up a lot of battery. To cater to this problem, the device also doubles up as power bank. But when three devices are connected to it via WiFi, the battery of  MobileLite is simply asked to out perform.
While using the Kingston MobileLite Wireless, remember, that you are already connected to a WiFi network, so, if you want to share content to social media sites directly from your storage then you will have to copy the file, disconnect the Kingston MobileLite Wireless and then use WiFi to access social media sites or you can do it through your mobile Internet connection..
The device heats up very fast. However, this doesn’t affect regular performance.
One interesting issue which I noticed while using the card reader by connecting it to the wall socket for charging was that the device got switched off on its own when power supply resumed after a short power cut.
Overall, there is no serious issue with the performance.
Battery life: The battery life of the device depends on usage. If you are using it watch movies, then the battery life is of course less. However, for basic file operation and a bit of multimedia, the battery life is decent. Kingston MobileLite Wireless is not primarily a power bank, it can just deliver enough juice during crisis. So, don’t think of replacing it with a power bank.
Verdict: Kingston MobileLite Wireless is a good to have accessory for sure. However, buy it if you use USB OTG very often or if you are running short of memory on your smartphone or tablet. For professionals, who need to access storage units on-the-go, the Kingston MobileLite Wireless is a good option but everyone may not find spending Rs. 4,495 worthwhile. Kingston could have added more value to the device, by adding a microSD card slot and an extra USB port along with some amount of storage.
Are you using the Kingston MobileLite Wireless reader? If yes, please feel free to share your experience at the comments section below. Also, if you know about a better alternative please let our readers know.

Protestant firebrand Ian Paisley dies at88Paisley the fiery Protestant leader has died in Northern Ireland aged 88 on Sept. 12, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Dublin | Posted: September 12, 2014 7:18 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 7:22 pm
The Rev. Ian Paisley, the divisive Protestant firebrand who devoted his life to thwarting compromise with Catholics in Northern Ireland only to become a pivotal peacemaker in his twilight years, died Friday in Belfast, his wife said. He was 88.
Paisley was Northern Ireland’s most polarizing politician throughout the worst years of its civil strife, during which the evangelist’s blistering oratory was often blamed for fueling four decades of bloodshed that claimed 3,700 lives.
Yet at the zenith of his peace-wrecking powers, Paisley in 2007 stunned the world by delivering the province’s first stable unity government between its British Protestants and its Irish Catholics. Dr. No, as he was widely known, finally said yes _ and his powerful U-turn cemented a peace process that he had done so much to frustrate.
Paisley’s widow, Eileen, expressed hope of meeting him again in heaven. “Although ours is the grand hope of reunion, naturally as a family we are heartbroken,” she said in a statement.
Tributes to Paisley flowed in from across Britain and Ireland, including from Irish Republican Army veterans and others long critical of the preacher.
“I developed a close working relationship with him which developed into a friendship, which despite our many differences lasted beyond his term in office,” said Martin Mc Guinness, the former IRA commander who joined Paisley atop the peacemaking coalition in 2007.
From the earliest days of Northern Ireland’s conflict, Paisley prophesied damnation for any Protestant politician or church leader who dared to build bridges with the Catholic Church and Irish nationalists. Mainstream Protestant leaders, in turn, sought to dismiss Paisley as a bigoted crank.
Hostile to the establishment, Paisley built his own extremist power base. His evangelical sect, the Free Presbyterian Church of Ulster, labeled the pope as the antichrist and called the major Protestant denominations ecumenical Judases. His Democratic Unionist Party insisted that Northern Ireland’s union with Britain could not tolerate concessions to Irish nationalist demands.
Often backed by menacing Protestant mobs and masked men, Paisley led club-wielding blockades of 1960s Catholic civil rights marches. He demanded the military destroy the resurgent Irish Republican Army and denounced the U.S.-brokered Good Friday peace accord of 1998 as a surrender to “the men of blood” in the IRA’s Sinn Fein party.
Protestants rallied behind him with such fervor that no political initiative could last without his support. Over and over, he claimed the political scalps of compromise-minded Protestant leaders from the rival Ulster Unionist Party.
In 1973, Ulster Unionist leaders cut a peace deal with moderate Catholics and the Irish government that foreshadowed the ultimate success of the Good Friday pact a quarter-century later. But Paisley worked with Ulster Unionist hard-liners and Protestant paramilitary groups to bring Northern Ireland to a standstill. Roads were blocked, continued…

Independence for Scotland Indians will have a sayIndependence for Scotland? Indians will have a say
Prasun Sonwalkar , Hindustan Times  London, September 12, 2014
First Published: 18:25 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:39 IST(12/9/2014)
Comments
Indian citizens working and living in Scotland will have as much say as any Scot on the question of independence during the referendum on 18 September, thanks to a legacy of the British empire that gives voting rights to Commonwealth citizens resident here.
 
The ‘Indian’ component of Scotland’s population, according to the 2011 Census, is small: 32,700 out of a population of 4.4 million. This component comprises earlier Indian immigrants who now have UK citizenship and newly-arrived Indian professionals, their families and students.
 
In fact, between the 2001 and 2011 census, there has been a 117% increase in the number of people categorised as ‘Indian’. The Indian high commission has a busy consulate in Edinburgh.
 
Many Indian citizens are among the 4,285,323 people who have registered to vote on 18 September.
Advertisement
While newly-arrived Indian immigrants are overwhelmingly opposed to independence, there are many among the older, settled Indian-origin Scots who support independence - for them, it will be another ‘partition’ of sorts, having moved to Scotland after British India’s partition in 1947.
 
Glasgow-based Ravindra Veeramalla, an IT professional who arrived here in 2007 from Hyderabad, told HT that most people in the Indian community will vote in the referendum – and most of them will vote ‘No’ to independence.
 
“When we came here for jobs or business, we came to the UK, not to Scotland. It is the UK economy, pound that attracted us here. We took out mortgages, bought houses and have jobs, but there is lot of uncertainty if the vote goes the other way”, he said.
 
There is some resentment that about 1 million Commonwealth citizens resident here having the right to vote in UK elections. An analysis by campaign group Migration Watch suggests that their vote will be critical in many constituencies during the May 2015 general elections.
 
Responding to calls that Commonwealth citizens should not be allowed to vote, a Cabinet Office statement said: “The right to vote in UK elections for Commonwealth citizens who live here reflects our close historical ties with Commonwealth countries”.
 
It added: “Excluding Commonwealth citizens would be a significant step and would require careful consideration. Parliament has previously taken the view that these rights should not be changed.”

Achche din  Gujarat model promise go missing in BJP s UP bypoll campaign'Achche din' missing in BJP's UP bypoll campaign
Sunita Aron , Hindustan Times  Lucknow, September 12, 2014
First Published: 20:11 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 00:18 IST(13/9/2014)
Comments
The much-talked-about Gujarat model of development has not found many takers among Bharatiya Janata Party's (BJP's) star campaigners in Uttar Pradesh ahead of the by-elections to one Lok Sabha and 11 assembly seats slated for Saturday.
The 'achche din' promise has also taken a back seat, while BJP MP Yogi Adityanath has launched a war against 'love jihad'.
High-profile Union ministers were missing in the campaigning phase, even though the by-elections are key to the BJP's fortune in the politically crucial UP where it won 71 of the 80 seats in the April-May Lok Sabha elections under the leadership of Amit Shah, who is now the party chief.
The Lok Sabha election plank of the Guajarat model may be in the back-burner, but Shah's "BJP-yukt UP (read BJP-fied UP)" slogan is the new hit, especially since the party is eyeing to form the next government in the state.  
The BJP holds all 11 assembly seats - one with its ally Apna Dal - which go to polls on Saturday.
After suffering setbacks in the recently held bypolls in Uttarakhand, Bihar and Karnataka, the BJP will want to register some feel-good victories in the Saturday chapter of elections in UP and nine other states.
Read: Crucial bypolls tomorrow; will Modi magic work this time?
Besides, Prime Minister Narendra Modi represents the prestigious Varanasi parliamentary constituency in UP. The results could also be decoded as a reflection on his performance.
Meanwhile, the Bahujan Samaj Party's (BSP's) absence from the electoral fray could give the BJP an edge. This means the BJP can go all out to woo the 'saffronised Dalits'.
For this crucial vote bank, the ruling Samajwadi Party (SP) is not a favoured choice;  neither is the Congress.
But, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, whose SP government is faced with the anti-incumbency threat, is trying to turn the tables, questioning the central government's performance.
His father, Mulayam, on his part, has raised national issues and challenged Modi at election rallies: "I will garland Modi if he can get our encroached land back from Pakistan and China."
Incidentally, none of the senior BJP national leaders, barring Union minister Kalraj Mishra, have campaigned for the bypolls.
Even Union home minister Rajnath Singh, who is indebted to BJP veteran Lalji Tandon for handing over Atal Bihari Vajpayee's Lucknow seat to him, has not addressed any rally in the state capital.
Some posters of Modi and Shah can be spotted here and there, but few are talking about the Prime Minister's achievements.
A reason cited by some BJP leaders is that the bypolls are for the state assembly and not the Lok Sabha.
However, Mainpuri still remains in the question. SP national president Mulayam has launched a no-holds barred battle to retain this Lok Sabha seat.
For the BJP, a campaign led by state chief Laxmikant Bajpai and firebrand MP Yogi Adityanath has focused primarily on "communal" issues.
While the national leadership of the BJP has been distancing itself from issues like 'love jihad', conversion and cow slaughter, the party's state leaders seem to have nothing else to harp on. After all, statements like 'No Jodhabai will go to Akbar' touch a chord.
Strangely, the Election Commission sought an explanation from Yogi Adityanath, who made the statement and defied a poll meeting ban, two days before the campaigning came to a close.
But, in the opposition's words, the damage had already been done to the state's social fabric by then.
However, Adityanath's brand of politics will face an acid test in Mainpuri, where Mulayam had been campaigning for his grandnephew and taking on Modi directly.

Assembly polls in Maharashtra  Haryana on October 15; results on 19thComments
Single-phase assembly elections will be held in Maharashtra and Haryana on October 15, nearly five months after the BJP came to power at the Centre with an absolute majority. Counting of votes will be held on October 19, making it a relatively short poll process.
An aggressive campaign by now Prime Minister Narendra Modi saw the Congress being decimated to its lowest ever tally of 44 in the summer general elections. Though the Congress and its allies turned the tables on the BJP-led NDA in recent state bypolls, the Maharashtra and Haryana polls will be the first major electoral test of the BJP and the Modi government.
The BJP is hoping to repeat its Lok Sabha performance in both Congress-ruled states: the NDA had won 42 of 48 Lok Sabha seats in Maharashtra, and seven out of 10 in Haryana. It may be helped by the anti-incumbency factor, but soaring prices remains a critical issue.
Also, both the Congress and BJP are facing trouble from their allies with the NCP and Shiv Sena, respectively, haggling for a bigger slice of the seat-sharing pie in Maharashtra, which has 288 assembly seats.
Similar disagreements over seat-sharing in Haryana led to the BJP losing a partner, the Haryana Janhit Congress, recently. Most of the state’s 90 assembly seats are expected to witness multi-corned contests.
The immediate challenge for parties is to prepare for a reduced election period. Compared to the 40-45 days earlier polls took, starting from the announcement of dates to the counting of votes, the entire process in Haryana and Maharashtra will be completed in 39 days.
Election Commission officials, who announced the poll dates on Friday, said the process had been squeezed so that there would be minimal impact on the festival season in late October. This will also mean that the model code of conduct will be in force for the lowest possible period.
The immediate challenge for parties is to prepare for a reduced election period. Compared to the 40-45 days earlier polls took, starting from the announcement of dates to the counting of votes, the entire process in Haryana and Maharashtra will be completed in 39 days.
Election Commission officials, who announced the poll dates on Friday, said the process had been squeezed so that there would be minimal impact on the festival season in late October. This will also mean that the model code of conduct will be in force for the lowest possible period.

Nifty ends in green after conquering 8100 markLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends in green after conquering 8100 mark
For the week itself the Nifty was more or less flatish while the midcap index was up close to three percent indicating that midcap outperformance does continue and is gaining momentum in the last few trading sessions. The volumes as well were very high in today’s trade.
Post your opinion here
 
Today again the Nifty saw big recovery in the final hour of trade and ended in the green and importantly conquered that 8,100 mark. For the week itself the Nifty was more or less flatish while the midcap index was up close to three percent indicating that midcap outperformance does continue and is gaining momentum in the last few trading sessions. The volumes as well were very high in today’s trade. The total volume clocked 3 lakh crore, that is on the higher side.
RELATED NEWS

Activist investor going after Olive Garden breadsticksOlive Garden breadsticks targeted by activist investor
Olive Garden breadsticks targeted by activist investor
An investor in Olive Garden is pushing the restaurant to cut down on breadsticks and salad dressing to save money.
An investor in Olive Garden is pushing the restaurant to cut down on breadsticks and salad dressing to save money.
By Becky Yerak, Tribune staff reporter
Olive Garden could save more than $4 million by curbing breadsticks, says activist investor
Giving fewer breadsticks at Olive Garden would mean more appetizer, dessert sales, says activist investor
Only one breadstick at Olive Garden?!
Unlimited garlic breadsticks have been a staple at Olive Garden, but an activist investor is calling on the Italian food chain to give one or maybe two servings of the carbs to patrons.
Doing so would reduce "massive unnecessary waste" and save more than $4 million, according to Starboard Value LP, an investor that is pressuring Olive Garden owner Darden Restaurants Inc. to make changes in its operations.

Why did Vinod Rai not file FIR if he was pressured  asks CongressWhy did Vinod Rai not file FIR if he was pressured, asks Congress
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 08.37PM IST
(Alleging political motive…)
NEW DELHI: Hitting back, Congress today sought to turn the tables on former CAG Vinod Rai asking him why he did not file an FIR if some pressure was brought upon him not to name then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the 2G and coal block allocation reports.
Alleging political motive behind his remarks, party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said that these are nothing but "rejected allegations primarily made by Subramanian Swamy", which did not stand the scrutiny of the Supreme Court and the special CBI court.
Suggesting that the former chief auditor was in league with the BJP, he also wondered as to why he has not uttered a word on serious strictures passed by the CAG in Gujarat against the then Chief Minister Narendra Modi.
While the Congress spokesperson accused Rai of showing "unsatiated hunger for publicity" before the launch of his new book, former party MPs Sanjay Nirupam and Sanjay Dikshit, who were accused by Rai of putting pressure on him, demanded an apology from him and threatened to drag him to the court.
Coming out with a stinging criticism of former Prime Minister Singh, Rai said that integrity is not just financial but intellectual and professional.
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner also claimed that the then Congress MPs, including Sandeep Dikshit, Sanjay Nirupam and Ashwani Kumar, had sought to put pressure on him to keep the Prime Minister's name out of the said CAG reports.
Rejecting the charge, Nirupam and Dikshit said that they were not in the Public Accounts Committee, which had given its report on the 2G scam and had joined the newly-constituted PAC much after and hence it did not make any sense to ask the then CAG to change a report, which is already in public domain.
"Neither me nor Nirupam has anything to do with the earlier PAC," Dikshit insisted wondering "Am I an idiot that I have asked somebody to change the report, which has already been published."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chana futures up 0.58 pc on spot demandChana futures up 0.58 pc on spot demand
Sensex Recovers 53 Pts  Regains 27 000-MarkSensex Recovers 53 Pts  Regains 27 000-Mark
India s water reservoir levels at 77% capacity last weekIndia s water reservoir levels at 77% capacity last week
Cuba to send 165 health workers to fight Ebola in AfricaCuba to send 165 health workers to fight Ebola in Africa
On trend at home: Coral patterns branch out0
The graphic form of coral can be expressed in intricate, all-over patterns, as well as large, splashy strokes that unfold on dinnerware, fabric and wallcovering. An almost calligraphic, blown-up red-on-white coral motif at Global Views translates equally effectively to ceramic chargers as it does to dramatic area rugs in hand-tufted wool.
As the subject for paintings and prints, corals long have captivated artists. Many of the signature decoupaged, handblown glass plates with coral images from New York artist John Derian are based on 18th-century prints, with a naturalistic style that echoes those of botanical illustrations of the same vintage.
Water colors and original paintings may lend themselves to more modern looks, especially when scale is beefed up. A set of prints based on original artwork from Williams-Sonoma Home are striking not only because of the bold indigo hues but also the larger format, which focuses on the stylized silhouette of natural coral branches.
Pillows, of course, are a go-to accessory because they can instantly add color and shift mood. Many this year are embellished with embroidery, appliques and beads that lend texture.
For tabletop designer Kim Seybert, embellishment is a signature, and she often has turned to sea life, especially coral, as themes.
"I always have been fascinated with the multitude of varieties of coral," Seybert says. "I love the different textures, especially how the colors ombre (gradate in shades of one color) into one another, creating the most stunning palettes.
"I always have had an affinity for the water and ocean, even as a girl growing up in Granite City, Ill. I love to work with objects from nature. There is something so sensual and feminine about how these sea creatures change colors and shapes under the water, and this translates well into the textural and beaded quality of my collections."
Recently, the designer, who loves to spend weekends in her Hamptons (N.Y.) home near the beach, was further inspired by a visit to the Oceanographic Museum in Monaco, where Jacques Cousteau was a director for more than 30 years. "It was so special to see the endangered and beautiful coral in their aquariums."
Coral is, of course, an exquisite living organism and an endangered species. Harvesting as well as global warming and pollution are threatening the balance of its delicate ecosystem, which supports substantial marine life. Tiffany & Co. stopped selling real coral jewelry in 2002, and its "too precious to wear" campaign has extended to fashion and home decor, challenging designers to go faux.
Ceramic, porcelain, glass, resin, wood and metal provide a formidable arsenal for designers looking to copy natural coral. From silky smooth finishes to rough and pockmarked, texture like the real deal can be spot on. Resin as a medium is especially convincing, and some decorative porcelain "corals" on glass bases sold at Williams-Sonoma Home are amazingly realistic.
Designer Marjorie Skouras, who likes to shake up her breezy, beachy looks with Hollywood glam, has turned to durable powder-coated aluminum to sub for coral in a chandelier design that drips with garlands of "coral" in lieu of crystals strung across a red frame. A collection for Currey & Co. also includes a console and chair, dazzling coral red, in forms that celebrate coral's branching habits. The versatile material means the pieces can be used outdoors as well as inside. Especially nice when the ocean is thousands of miles away.

Make your voice heard: Rate the 11th Street Bridge Park proposalsBy Jonathan O'Connell September 11 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
Four teams of architects have been named finalists to design the 11th Street Bridge Park, a project proposed for a series of abandoned piers traversing the Anacostia River in Southeast D.C. The winning proposal will be chosen in mid-October based in part on feedback from the public.
Here’s your chance to weigh in. Check out the four teams’ proposals here, look at more details of their plans below and answer the poll questions. Organizers of the project will be conducting their own online poll and relying on input from Washington Post readers as well as their own respondents in choosing a winning proposal.
***
Bridge Park
Balmori Associates / Cooper, Robertson & Partners
On a scale of 1 to 5 (with 1 not meeting the intended goal and 5 meeting it), how well do you think Bridge Park would meet each of the following goals?
***
Anacostia Crossing
Olin/OMA
On a scale of 1 to 5 (with 1 not meeting the intended goal and 5 meeting it), how well do you think Anacostia Crossing would meet each of the following goals?
***
Anacostia Landing
Wallace Roberts & Todd / Next Architects
On a scale of 1 to 5 (with 1 not meeting the intended goal and 5 meeting it), how well do you think Anacostia Landing would meet each of the following goals?
***
The Crossing
Stoss Landscape Urbanism / Howeler + Yoon Architecture
On a scale of 1 to 5 (with 1 not meeting the intended goal and 5 meeting it), how well do you think The Crossing would meet each of the following goals?
 
Follow Jonathan O’Connell on Twitter: @oconnellpostbiz
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business/capitalbusiness, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410429607/1410429607000/1410429607 tracking: {authors=Jonathan O'Connell, blog_name=digger, content_category=Business/capitalbusiness, in_url_headline=make-your-voice-heard-rate-the-11th-street-bridge-park-proposals, post_id=1873, section={section=business/capitalbusiness, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 10:00:07 AM close date: Sep 25, 2014 10:00:07 AM

General Motors Global CEO Mary Barra Meets Prime Minister ModiYou are here: Home Corporates
General Motors Global CEO Mary Barra Meets PM Modi
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 11, 2014 18:58 (IST)
Alibaba to Boost IPO Size on 'Overwhelming' Demand: Report
New Delhi:
General Motors CEO Mary Barra today met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Commerce and Industry Minister Nirmala Sitharaman.
Ms Barra is visiting the country to meet suppliers and dealers as part of the company's ongoing global turnaround plans.
When asked about the agenda for meeting the Prime Minister, Barra told reporters here: "I just want to congratulate him".
General Motors, which is present in India through a wholly-owned subsidiary, sells various models including multi-purpose vehicle Chevrolet Tavera and hatchback Beat here.
Last year, the company had recalled 1.14 lakh units of its multi-purpose vehicle Chevrolet Tavera, manufactured between 2005 and 2013, to address emissions and specification issues
Story first published on: September 11, 2014 18:56 (IST)

Yoga pants are the new jeans. So why arent Lululemons sales soaringBy Sarah Halzack September 11 Follow @sarahhalzack
A Lululemon store in New York. (Benjamin Norman/Bloomberg)
Whether you’ve been thumbing through a fashion magazine or the pages of the Wall Street Journal , you’ve no doubt seen the proclamations: Americans, especially women, are having a moment with yoga pants.
Of course, we’re wearing them while we’re stretched on our yoga mats in downward dog or plank pose.  But we’re also donning them to run errands , to meet friends for brunch , and sometimes, even to the office .
This blurring of lines between exercise attire and everyday clothing is known in the retail industry as “athleisure,” and plenty of brands are looking to capitalize on it:  Urban Outfitters has launched an activewear line called Without Walls. Luxury apparel Web site Net-a-Porter this summer launched “ Net-a-Sporter ,” a section of its shop dedicated to “sportswear as chic as everything else in your closet.”  Gap is rapidly adding Athleta stores in the United States and chief executive Glenn Murphy has said he believes it is on track to be the apparel titan’s next global brand.
It’s a climate that sounds like it should make for strong tailwinds for Lululemon, the Vancouver-based retailer whose stylish, high-end yoga pants helped fuel this trend.
But the company reported that sales were flat during its second quarter. At stores open at least a year, sales fell 5 percent. Online sales improved significantly, growing 30 percent, but remain a small part of their overall business.
So why isn’t Lululemon seeing stronger growth?
For starters, all the new competition is this category may be taking a bite out of the company’s sales.  Earlier this year, chief executive Laurent Potdevin told investors: “Unlike a few years ago, we are not the only game in town.  And while we created this category and continue to lead it, we understand that our guests have choice and sustaining that loyal relationship is a priority.”
But that’s not the company’s only challenge. Chief Financial Officer John Currie noted on Thursday’s earnings call that store traffic actually increased slightly in the second quarter, a reversal from recent quarters in which slow traffic dragged on the company’s sales.  However, once shoppers were in the stores, they apparently weren’t liking what they were seeing:  Currie said that they weren’t converting as many browsers into purchasers, and that their shoppers’ average basket size was smaller.
The company attributes this to a lackluster assortment of merchandise that wasn’t ideally synced with today’s trends. Lululemon is revamping its supply chain and  trying to speed up how long it takes to develop new products to correct this problem, but it’s still relatively early in the process.
Still, the company says it saw some early signs that its new approach to product development might give it a lift in the future. It lifted its profit outlook for the year, helping send its stock up more than 15 percent this afternoon. Tara Poseley, the company’s chief product officer, told investors that the brand saw strong response in July to some new merchandise that incorporated printed fabrics, which are an of-the-moment trend in exercise gear.  If the company can continue to be responsive to trends, it will likely prove more attractive to customers.
The company is also still working to regain consumers’ trust after a recall last year of leggings that became see-through when the wearer bent over.
Poseley said that in the third quarter, you’ll see Lululemon roll out updates to its core products, starting with–you guessed it–pants.  At a time when yoga bottoms have become a wardrobe staple, it’s a strategy that Lululemon hopes will succeed in getting you to stock your closet with its leggings.
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economics news.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410456753/1410456753000/1410456753 tracking: {authors=Sarah Halzack, blog_name=business, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=yoga-pants-are-the-new-jeans-so-why-arent-lululemons-sales-soaring, post_id=1924, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 5:32:33 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 5:32:33 PM

U.S. threatened hefty fines to make Yahoo hand over user data"It tells us how very serious the Bush administration was about trying to get the Internet firms to turn over this data. Until the disclosure, it was mostly hearsay that they were willing to impose these penalties."
"That's heavy handed," he added, referring to the threat of fines.
A filing to the secret court by U.S. government asked that Yahoo be made to pay a minimum fine of $250,000 for each day it refused to comply with a court order to turn over user data, with the fine to double each successive week.
U.S. Internet companies want to disclose as much as they can about the little-known procedure through which federal agencies request their user data in secret courts, in part because of worries about the impact on their business.
On Thursday, Yahoo said it would begin to make public some 1,500 previously classified pages documenting a lengthy tussle with the government.
"Despite the declassification and release, portions of the documents remain sealed and classified to this day, unknown even to our team," Yahoo General Counsel Ron Bell said in a blog post on Yahoo's website on Thursday.
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, whose members are appointed by the U.S. Supreme Court chief justice, has never held a public session and generally hears only from the U.S. Justice Department and intelligence agency lawyers.
Privacy advocates said the release of the Yahoo documents, even in their heavily redacted form, provided important information about the controversial surveillance practices.
"It fills in more gaps than what we knew about the challenge," Mark Rumold, a staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
"The bottom line is these are federal court opinions and they are interpreting federal law in the constitution in really significant and substantial ways and they're being withheld from the public," Rumold said.
Earlier this year, Facebook Inc, Microsoft, Yahoo and Google Inc began publishing details about the number of secret government requests for data they receive, hoping to show their limited involvement in controversial U.S. surveillance efforts.

Pakistan evacuates thousands as floods hit plainsFlash floods have damaged tens of thousands of homes and affected over a million people since September 3.
Associated Press | Islamabad | Posted: September 12, 2014 9:57 am
Pakistani troops used helicopters and boats to evacuate thousands of marooned people from the country’s plains where raging monsoon floods inundated more villages on Thursday, as the Indian military dropped food for hundreds of thousands of people marooned in flood-hit areas of Indian-held Kashmir.
Pakistani and Indian officials said the death toll had reached 461 in the two countries.
Flash floods have washed away crops, damaged tens of thousands of homes and affected over a million people since September 3, when heavy monsoon rains lashed Pakistan’s eastern Punjab province and Kashmir the Himalayan region claimed by both India and Pakistan.
Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif visited the Pakistan-administered portion of Kashmir on Thursday and told flood victims that his government would do whatever it can to rebuild their damaged homes. “I am grieved over the deaths caused by the floods,” he said in a televised speech.
Ahmad Kamal, a spokesman for Pakistan’s National Disaster Management Authority, said 261 people have been killed and 482 injured in Pakistan. “The situation is still alarming as flood waters are entering the country’s plains in the Jhang district, inundating more villages and affecting thousands,” he said.
The military said it was expanding relief operations in Punjab, where the Chenab River overflowed. Troops in helicopters and boats evacuated 4,000 more people from Jhang, it said.
Kamal said high floods were likely to reach the southern Sindh province later this week.
Authorities were supplying tents, food and other items to survivors, but many complained that the government was not doing enough. “I feel as If I am a beggar, as I have to wait for hours to get free food,” a survivor told a Pakistani news channel.

More seniors are carrying student loan debt into retirement0
Of course, student debt load is growing for all types of borrowers. And despite the rise among seniors, the share of older people overall who still hold student debt when they enter retirement is small. But the report notes that the debt may cause bigger setbacks for seniors than it does for younger people.
Borrowers age 65 and up are more likely to hold defaulted loans than younger borrowers, making them more vulnerable to aggressive collection efforts. The auditors wrote:
"Such debt can reduce net worth and income, thereby diminishing overall retirement financial security. Student loan debt held by older Americans can be especially daunting because unlike other types of debt, it generally cannot be discharged in bankruptcy."
As a result, more seniors are seeing a portion of their Social Security benefits garnished to pay back the debt. The number of people whose benefits were cut to pay for student loan debt grew to 155,000 in 2013 from 31,000 in 2002. Among those age 65 and older, the number grew by 500 percent over that time period, to 36,000 from about 6,000.
For many retirees, those efforts to collect on student loan debt can cut into their primary source of income, the Urban Institute noted on Wednesday. About three-fourths of single elderly people receiving Social Security benefits get more than half of their income from Social Security, according to the Social Security Administration. Some 22 percent of elderly married couples receiving Social Security and 47 percent of single people getting benefits count on the program for 90 percent or more of their income.
"There are of course some Social Security recipients who have a lot of money," says Sandy Baum, a senior fellow with the Urban Institute, "but most of them don't."

Fingerprint Cards CEO suspected of insider tradingBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Jeevan Mrityu (1970)Tweet
The Hindu Dharmendra and Rakhee in " Jeevan Mrityu ".
The Hindu Music directors Laxmikant and Pyarelal (right) are caught quenching their thirst during visit to Ahmedabad. The place is a new public park.
TOPICS
cinema
He did not win awards but won many a heart. Dharmendra, the original macho man of Hindi film industry, who played roles as diverse as an angry man of “Phool Aur Patthar”, the lovable criminal of “Sholay”, the garrulous botany professor of “Chupke Chupke”, the actor playing himself in “Guddi” or the idealist engineer from “Satyakam”, has proved himself one of the notable stalwarts in his profession.
His range was mindboggling. He stood his own against the likes of Meena Kumari and Nutan and swept the young ladies off their feet with his demeanour and dashing persona. His presence attracted a loyal bunch for many years before he slipped into the world of C-grade cinema. It was hard to accept that an actor of his calibre could compromise on quality.
Known to be one of the most affectionate and helpful souls in the cinema industry, Dharmendra was acknowledged to be at his best when dealing with his leading lady. Raakhee was in awe of the man when she made her debut in Hindi cinema with “Jeevan Mrityu” but the handsome Jat welcomed her like a mentor would, setting up a wonderful combination that came together as a much different pair a few years later in “Blackmail”.
Raakhee comes across a matured woman in her first Hindi movie against a much older Dharmendra. They certainly do not look college students, even if for a brief flashback phase. But then Dharmendra was still at the top regardless of challenges from emerging stars like Rajesh Khanna and Amitabh Bachchan and was accepted in any role he performed. He had a massive following among the young and old from the time he entered Hindi cinema with “Dil Bhi Tera Hum Bhi Tere” in 1960.
Dharmendra, as dapper in suit as in dhoti-kurta, dominates “Jeevan Mrityu”. There is neither the slap-stick humour that marked some of his work in later years nor the distraught lover he played in a few movies. He is Ashok Tandon, a hard-working bank employee who is framed by men he considers his friends. Convicted for a crime he had not committed, Ashok serves his sentence only to discover on release the death of his mother. Deepa (Raakhee), his lady love from college, also drifts away from Ashok’s life.
When alerted by a former bank colleague of the conspiracy hatched by his so-called friends to set him up for a financial fraud, Ashok, helped by an old Samaritan, assumes a new identity, a Sikh entrepreneur, and plots his revenge against the guilty Harish (Ajit), Jagat Narain (Kanhaiyalal), barrister Amarnath (Ramesh Deo) and Ramakant (Krishan Dhawan).
It is sad that an actor as versatile and exceptional as Dharmendra failed to win a single award in his illustrious career that spanned more than five decades. He was a big hit with his handsome features, once prompting the great Dilip Kumar to wish if only he had Dharmendra’s striking looks. No wonder the ‘Dream Girl’ Hema Malini fell for this gorgeous man from Sahnewal, Punjab.
There was nothing extraordinary that made “Jeevan Mrityu” a hit. Raakhee looks pretty in Dharmendra’s company, especially the melodious song, “Jhilmil Sitaron Ka Aangan Hoga”, featuring them in the first half of the movie. The heroine gets to sing the sad version in the closing stages of the movie when we get to see Dharmendra doing what he was known to best, bashing up the baddies, and looking the strongman every moment of it.
For all the good stuff that Dharmendra and Raakhee produce, there is an irritating and avoidable presence of Rajendranath. Only director Satyen Bose could have answered the need to include such mediocre moments involving this most forgettable comedian in an otherwise most watchable movie even for the current generation. It will always be remembered as one of the finest offerings from the house of Tarachand Barjatjya, known to give quality films that could be viewed by the entire family.
Genre: Social drama

Happy days are here again for MoTown: Auto cosSep 12, 2014, 03.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Happy days are here again for MoTown: Auto cos
A slew of new launches and an expected extension of the excise duty cut have been backing the story of a revival in the auto sector. Moreover, the upcoming festive season may further boost demand.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Happy days are here again for MoTown: Auto cos
A slew of new launches and an expected extension of the excise duty cut have been backing the story of a revival in the auto sector. Moreover, the upcoming festive season may further boost demand.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Auto companies finally seem to seeing light at the end of a prolonged tunnel of economic slump.
According to latest data released by the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM), car sales have grown for the fourth straight month in August , indicating a lasting turnaround.
“The auto industry is seeing a gradual increase and even the cumulative numbers are seeing improvements month-on-month ...We can see a slow turnaround happening,” said SIAM director Vishnu Mathur, adding that sentiments have played a major role in sales growth. He feels the car segment should end the fiscal year with high single-digit growth.
A slew of new launches, witnessed over the past few months, and an expected extension of the excise duty cut have been backing the story of a revival in MoTown. Moreover, the upcoming festive season may further boost demand.
According to a UBS survey of 40 dealers across India in August 2014, 88 percent of them expect an improvement in sales over the next two months, while 12 percent expect sales to be flat.
RC Bhargava, Chairman, Maruti Suzuki India , however, cautioned that it may be a bit too early to celebrate even as the signs were encouraging.
"I think it is too early to say that there is growth across the board in the automobile sector. Some companies are doing better than others; that is all I can say," Bhargava told CNBC-TV18.
When asked about car segments that will drive growth going ahead, he said: "Entry-level sector is growing better than it has done in the past and the sector above that, the B-segment is also doing better than what has been achieved. So, these are the main sectors which will drive growth for sometime to come."
Reliance Securities, which recently launched its coverage on the Indian auto and ancillary sector, is overweight on the sector.
"We believe that India is in the midst of a cyclical upturn in auto and auto component sales. We also believe in the long-term structural opportunity based on out top-down analysis and comparison with various countries in the developed and developing phase. We expect all categories in the sector to grow at a double-digit CAGR until FY2020E," it said in a latest report.
Reliance Securities report highlights that a rising economic activity, higher disposable income, increasing and young population, urbanization trends, ambitious middle class and improving infrastructure will aid in increasing the country's passenger vehicle penetration from the current "anemic levels" of 1.5 percent.
Ravi Pisharody, ED-CV Business Unit, Tata Motors , feels the scenario is much better than what it was last year.
"We have already seen some recovery in the last four-five months. The car industry is growing and the medium and heavy commercial , which had gone through a very terrible time for the last two-and-a-half years, has started growing, albeit on a low base," he told CNBC-TV18.
Pisharody feels the statements made by the government specifically in the area of investments in road transport and overhauling of the Motor Vehicles Act, if implemented will give a big boost to the economy as well.
"There is a strong link between the auto industry and economy. So we do expect if all those things are carried out (whatever the government has been saying)... I think we know from the pulse, all this dust have a pay off in the auto industry," he said.
Posted by Kankana Roy Choudhury
Tata Motors stock price
On September 15, 2014, Tata Motors closed at Rs 512.25, down Rs 4.25, or 0.82 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 531.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 325.00.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.08 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 6403.13. The latest book value of the company is Rs 59.58 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 8.60.
RELATED NEWS

India has healthcare vision for the world: Harsh VardhanPress Trust of India | Dhaka | Posted: September 12, 2014 4:04 pm
India has a healthcare vision for the world supported by its ancient system of holistic medication and is committed to extending cooperation and expertise to its neighbours, Health Minister Harsh Vardhan said here on Friday.
“We have a (healthcare) vision not only for India but for the entire world…while we will work for the people of the region,” Vardhan told PTI on the sidelines of a four-day conference of World Health Organisation (WHO).
Vardhan, a doctor by training, said India was willing to enter into a comprehensive partnership with Bangladesh and expanded cooperation in healthcare as his Bangladeshi counterpart Mohammad Nasim wanted expanded cooperation in this sector.
“We have developed good relations…and I am fully committed to him (Nasim)…we are going to help them (Bangladesh health ministry) in a big way,” he said.
Vardhan earlier witnessed the signing of a memorandum of understanding (MoU) for enhanced cooperation in the fields of traditional medicines like Ayurveda and Unani, as WHO decided to lay an extra focus on the issue as an “important part of healthcare” in the region.
Under the deal, the two countries agreed to exchange traditional medicines, and experts and physicians for conducting training, officials said.
Vardhan said despite being an allopathic doctor “my heart goes to traditional medicine”. He also stressed the need for extensive researches and training in the healthcare system.
“We are aware that Ayurveda today needs more research, and drugs need better manufacturing practices…(but) we would like this ancient system to be used for effective healing of mind and body and to be restored to its old glory by making it a holistic part of our healthcare,” he said.
When asked wheather the huge pharmaceutical industry have blocked the progress of traditional medicine systems, he said: “Neither the modern medicine nor the traditional medicine systems want to replace each other.”
Vardhan stressed the need for a change in lifestyle and outlook through a social movement for a healthy mind and body.
“Health is not physical (issue) alone…it is related to mind and soul. Preventive and positive health is my passion and this occupy 80 per cent of the health space.”
He said the objective of a heathcare system should be to ensure physical, mental, social and spiritual well-being of people.
“We are in the process to launch massive offensive against non-communicable diseases…we are going to work against malnutrition, obesity, and tuberculosis,” he said.
Vardhan said the Narendra Modi-led government In India was in a process of overhauling the healthcare system through review of procurements, plugging deficiencies and upgrading district hospitals into medical colleges to tackle shortage of doctors and medical personnel.
Health is not physical (issue) alone...it is related to mind and soul.

Oil Holds Above $98 but Weak Demand  Strong Dollar WeighYou are here: Home Industries
Oil Holds Above $98 but Weak Demand, Strong Dollar Weigh
Reuters | Updated On: September 12, 2014 16:15 (IST)
Hero MotoCorp Plans to Invest Rs 1,600 Crore in New Plant: Report
London: Brent crude oil held above $98 a barrel on Friday as the market rebounded from a two-year low but concerns over weak demand and plentiful supplies, plus a strong dollar, continued to weigh on prices.
Brent futures have sold off hard this week, and hit a two-year low on Thursday at $96.72 a barrel.
ICE Brent futures for October were up 28 cents at $98.36 a barrel by 0922 GMT (2:52 p.m. in India), but the international oil benchmark was heading for its biggest weekly loss since the week to August 1.
The October contract expires on Monday, adding to the selling pressure, as investors and traders have been rolling their positions forward into November.
US crude was 43 cents higher at $93.26 a barrel after closing up $1.16 in the previous session.
Analysts said the market had found some support after testing multi-year lows on Thursday, with some investors viewing oil as oversold.
"There was a big bounce in WTI (US) crude yesterday, which is a reflection of the fact that we've seen such a big selloff recently that the market was getting a bit over-extended," said Ole Hansen, senior commodity strategist at Saxo Bank.
"Have we seen the lows for now? It's too early to say. The shorts are now being covered but any uptick in the market will probably be met with renewed weakness unless the geopolitical issues flare up."
Crude faced heavy selling on Thursday due to comments in the International Energy Agency's (IEA) monthly report that weaker consumption in China and Europe had caused global oil demand growth to soften at a remarkable pace.
This was confirmation of a situation that has assailed physical crude markets all summer. Sluggish demand from European and Asian refiners has kept physical prices under pressure and created a glut of oil in the Atlantic Basin. As a result, traders have been stockpiling barrels.
The IEA cut its demand growth projections by 150,000 barrels per day (bpd) to 900,000 bpd for 2014 and by 100,000 bpd to 1.2 million bpd in 2015.
"In the IEA report we saw there is a big difference between the push in new supply from outside of OPEC and the fairly slow consumption growth," said Bjarne Schieldrop, chief commodity analyst at SEB Commodity Research.
As well as a build in shale oil output from the United States, Libyan production has risen to just over 800,000 bpd and is expected to hit 1 million bpd in October.
"It's very unstable, you never know how long it will last, but it is there, and we have refineries going into turnaround at the same time," Mr Schieldrop said.
Saudi Arabia, holder of the world's largest spare output capacity, cut production by 400,000 bpd in August.
Dollar strength
The commodities complex is under pressure from a strong dollar. The dollar index is on track for its ninth straight week of gains - its longest winning streak since 1997.
A stronger dollar makes dollar-priced commodities more expensive for buyers using other currencies. "It's been a horrible week for commodities all round," Mr Hansen said.
The slide in oil prices is said to have been arrested by a step up in tensions between Russia and the West. On Thursday, Russia warned the United States that air strikes in Syria against Islamist militants would be an act of aggression without a UN security mandate.
On Friday, the European Union implemented tougher sanctions against Russia because of the standoff over Ukraine, targeting some state-owned companies and individuals.
The United States will also release details later on Friday of its own new sanctions against Russia. These are expected to target Sberbank, Russia's largest bank, and further limit Russian banks' access to US capital.
Ultimately, this will be detrimental to growth and future oil demand, analysts warned. "As long as the EU and Russia continue to sanction themselves, European economic growth can only go one way and that is down," said Olivier Jakob, an oil analyst at Petromatrix in Switzerland.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 16:11 (IST)

China s iPhone 6 delay gives smugglers reason to cheerBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Govt launches portal on Ganga rejuvenation planYou are here: Home > Collections > Website
Uma Bharti launches web portal on Ganga rejuvenation plan
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 05.51PM IST
Tags:
Ganga rejuvenation plan
(As part of its efforts to…)
NEW DELHI: As part of its efforts to make the Ganga rejuvenation programme a mass movement, the Ministry of Water Resource today launched a web portal to connect with the public on the ambitious project of the NDA Government.
The bilingual website has a provision to receive feedback from the public, where suggestions can be given about the Ganga Rejuvenation Plan .
Public can also upload files up to the size of 4 MB along with their suggestions, a press release said here.
Launching the website, Union Minister for Water Resource Uma Bharti said, the launch of the website was an important tool to connect the public with the gigantic task of Ganga rejuvenation.
She expressed hope that large number of people concerned with the present state of Ganga would come forward to give their suggestions to improve the condition of the river.
She reiterated the Government's resolve to rejuvenate the holy river within the shortest possible time.
The home page of the web portal http://nmcg.nic.in/, which opens with the message of Mahatma Gandhi on the holy Ganga is an encyclopedia of the largest river basin in India.
It also gives details of Namami Gange, an Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission, for which a sum of Rs 100 crore has been allocated for development of ghats and beautification of river fronts at Kedarnath, Haridwar, Kanpur, Varanasi, Allahabad, Patna and Delhi in the current financial year.
This apart, the web portal also has an external link for Gangapedia that details on news, events, blogs and library connected with river Ganga.
The website further contains a wide rage of information on clean Ganga mission, conservation of pollution project, status of NGRBA , Ganga action plan, water quality monitoring, industrial pollution monitoring, waste water management and comprehensive details of Ganga basin.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ford Recalls Hybrid SUVs to Fix Stalling ProblemPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Industrial output growth slows down to 0.5% in JulyHi Guest
Industrial output growth slows down to 0.5% in July
Decline in manufacturing output and lower offtake of consumer durables pulled down industrial production growth to 4-month low of 0.5 per cent in July, dashing hopes of recovery. The factory output, as measured by the Index of Industrial Production, had grown by 2.6 per cent in July, 2013. IIP for June has been revised upwards to 3.9 per cent from the provisional estimates of 3.4 per cent released last month, according to data released by the Central Statistics Office. During the April-July ...

Russia fears sanctions on refineries  expects gasoline shortagesRussia fears sanctions on refineries  expects gasoline shortages
5-week winning streak on line for S&P 500Five-week win streak on line for S&P 500
By: Adam Shell September 12, 2014 9:03 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Sept. 5, 2014. (Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images) ORG XMIT: 511069437 ORIG FILE ID: 454707626
The S&P 500 kicks off trading Friday in jeopardy of finishing the week in the red, a negative performance that would snap a five-week winning streak.
Thirty minutes before the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange, the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index was down 0.51% for the week through Thursday’s close of 1997.45. In pre-market futures trading, the S&P 500 was down 2 points.
Wall Street did get some good news on the retail front earlier this morning. August retail sales grew at a 0.6% pace vs. the prior month, which was in line with market expectations. On a more bullish note, the pace of retail sales in July was revised up to 0.3% from 0.0%. A fresh reading on the mood of consumers will be released at 9:55 am. ET, when the University of Michigan releases its preliminary look at September consumer sentiment.
The S&P 500’s pace of gains has slowed this week, after the index notched its 33rd record close of the year last Friday, when it notched a record close of 2007.71. The benchmark stock index heads into today up 8.1% for the year, after gaining nearly 30% last year.
Investors are playing it cautious ahead of the Federal Reserve’s two-day policy meeting next week. Wall Street fears the Fed will change its guidance on the timing of interest rate hikes, and hint to the market that hikes are coming sooner next year than the market expects.
Here’s how the S&P 500 has performed the past six weeks through last night’s close:
Week ending     % change     Closing price
Sept. 12*             -0.51%         1997.45

China needs to come to table on border dispute: V K SinghBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Venkaiah Naidu reviews status of repairs of Ministers bungalowsVenkaiah Naidu reviews status of repairs of Ministers’ bungalows
Navadha Pandey
 
 
Urban Development Minister M. Venkaiah Naidu on Friday reviewed the status of repair and renovation works undertaken by the CPWD for Ministers’ bungalows.
Out of the 44 Central Ministers, 20 have moved into official accommodation allotted to them. Another nine would continue to stay in the houses allotted to them by the previous Government, a statement from the ministry said.
Those who moved into their allotted houses include Arun Jaitely, Nitin Gadkari, Sadanand Gowda, Uma Bharati, Ashok Gajpati Raju, Radha Mohan Singh, Kalraj Mishra, Nirmala Sitharaman, Jual Oram. Those continue to stay in houses allotted earlier include Sushma Swaraj, M. Venkaiah Naidu, Ramvilas Paswan, Ravi Shankar Prasad, Ananth Kumar etc, the statement added.
Works are in progress at the official accommodation of 12 ministers and only three bungalows allotted to ministers are still to be vacated by the previous allottees, the statement added. Houses allotted to Rajnath Singh, Kiren Rijiju and Sarbananda Sonowal are still to be vacated by Chiranjivi, A.K Anthony and Ajit Singh, respectively.
Naidu has asked CPWD to complete works in progress at the houses allotted to Najma Heptullah, Harsh Vardhan, Anant Geete, Dharmendra Pradhan, Prakash Javdekar, Piyush Goyal, Smriti Irani, within 15 days.
 

Saradha scam: Film-maker Sadananda Gogoi arrestedSaradha scam: Film-maker Sadananda Gogoi arrested
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 12:  
Assam-based film-maker and singer Sadananda Gogoi was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Friday in connection with the Saradha scam. He was arrested from Kolkata.
According to a CBI spokesperson, Gogoi has been charged with allegations of conspiracy and misappropriation of funds. He will be produced at the Alipore Court tomorrow.
This incidentally, is the fourth arrest by the central agency in relation to the scam.
Gogoi, sources said, had been questioned and interrogated earlier and his home in Assam.
A few days back, the CBI had arrested Trinamool leader and former IPS officer, Rajat Majumdar. Earlier arrests in the case include city-based businessman Sandhir Agarwal and a football club official Debabrata Sarkar.
The Saradha Group, which went bust in April 2013, had mobilised funds to the tune of a few hundred crores through various ponzi schemes here in West Bengal, Bihar, Odisha, Assam and Tripura.
Group Chairman Sudipta Sen, arrested by the West Bengal police in April last year, has been languishing in jail since then. The other high profile arrest in the case has been that of suspended Trinamool Congress MP, Kunal Ghosh.
Ghosh headed the media ventures of the Saradha Group.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

August retail inflation eases to 7.8% on cheap veggies  fuelcostPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 7:32 pm
Easing prices of vegetables, cereals and petroleum products brought down retail inflation marginally to 7.8 per cent in August.
Consumer Price Index (CPI) based or retail inflation stood at 7.96 per cent in July. In August 2013, retail inflation was at 9.52 per cent.
However, food inflation during the month under review rose to 9.42 per cent over 9.36 per cent in July, an official release said today.
The rate of price rise in vegetables stood at 15.15 per cent in August as against 16.88 per cent in the previous month.
Rate of price increase in cereals and its products turned lower at 7.39 per cent and that for fuel and light it came down at 4.15 per cent.
However, prices of fruits during the month went up with 24.27 per cent rate of inflation.
Inflation in milk and milk products increased to 11.70 per cent during the month under review. Also, pulses and its products were costlier at 6.88 per cent.
Amongst others, food and beverages witnessed no change in price rise at 9.16 per cent, while non-alcoholic beverages prices went down at 6.24 per cent in August.
Eggs, fish and meat were costlier at 7.71 per cent during the month.
Inflation in rural and urban areas in August was 8.35 per cent and 7.04 per cent, respectively. In July, it was 8.37 per cent and 7.42 per cent.
The Reserve Bank will unveil its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement on September 30, 2014.
In its last policy statement in August, RBI had kept key interest rates unchanged–third time in row — in view of the inflationary expectations and uncertain monsoon conditions.

Bypoll in 3 Assam Assembly seatstomorrowPrint
Press Trust of India | Guwahati | Posted: September 12, 2014 7:27 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 7:29 pm
Bye-elections to three Assam Assembly constituencies-Silchar, Lakhipur and Jamunamukh will be held on Saturday to decide the political fate of 25 contestants.
Polling will be held from 7 AM to 5 PM in the three constituencies where 5,09,689 voters, including 2,44,543 women, are eligible to exercise their franchise in 588 polling stations, the Election Office said.
Silchar has the highest number of 12 candidates followed by Jamunamukh with eight and Lakhipur with five.
Arun Dutta Majumdar (Congress), Dilip Kumar Paul (BJP) and Nur Ahmed Barbhuyan (AIUDF) are among the prominent contestants in Silchar, while former MLA Dinesh Prasad Goala’s son Rajdeep Goala (Congress), Mukesh Pandey (AIUDF) and Sanjay Thakur (BJP) are notables in Lakhipur.
Jamunamukh has AIUDF president Badruddin Ajmal’s son Abdur Rahim Ajmal, Bashir Uddin Laskar (Cong) and Bilal Uddin (BJP) in the fray among others.
The bye-election was necessitated following the election of Silchar MLA Sushmita Dev and Jamunamukh MLA Mohammad Sirajuddin Ajmal to the Lok Sabha. The death of sitting MLA Dinesh Prasad Goala necessitated bypoll in Lakhipur. Counting of votes will be on September 16, the Election Office added.

Stores Start Christmas Shopping Frenzy EarlyStores start Christmas shopping frenzy early
Ben Popken TODAY
email
comment
Summer isn't even officially over, but stores have already started trotting out their Christmas displays and holiday promotions.
If you're looking for someone to blame, look in the mirror, and take off that Santa hat!
Stores say they're doing this in response to customer demand. According to the National Retail Federation, 20 percent of all Americans have already started their Christmas shopping. By Halloween, they expect that number to double.
Video: Retail stores are already trying to entice holiday shoppers, and holiday displays are going up in early September. NBC’s Kerry Sanders reports from Clearwater, Florida.
In a cheeky nod to to the season, Kmart rolled out a "not Christmas commercial" in order to prime customers to begin socking away goodies for the holidays. It touts the chain's new "no money down" layaway program that makes it even easier to start a layaway plan.
In some ways that's gentler on consumers' pocketbooks. But the change makes the layaway plan a little more like a different form of credit, and a little less like a tool for budgeting and saving.
That's potentially problematic as layaway is sometimes a  choice of last resort for consumers who have either rejected or are unable to use credit cards . This year Americans are carrying more debt on their cards than they have in 6 years, totaling about 28 billion dollars. For some, that means they have less available credit. For others, it means they're more willing to run up a bit of debt for a while. 
After a lackluster holiday shopping season last year and middling back-to-school results, retailers are looking for low-risk ways to get shoppers to open up their wallets. Other retailers launched their layaway programs this month with looser rules as well, with Toys R' Us getting rid of its $5 service fee and Wal-Mart also easing up on its requirements.
It may seem like Christmas gets earlier every year but Kmart actually started promoting its layaway program the same time last year. The new normal is that "'tis the season" simply has a much longer ramp-up time to cater to interested customers. The rest of us just have to get used to seeing wreathes and pine cones mixed among the pumpkins and black cats on the store shelves.
Tags:

Six years after buying Kinetic  Mahindra to launch first self-developed scooter this yearBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Why did Vinod Rai not file FIR if he was pressured  asksCongressPrint
Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi accused Vinod Rai of showing "unsatiated hunger for publicity" before the launch of his new book. (Source: IE archive)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 7:48 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 7:44 am
Hitting back, Congress on Friday sought to turn the tables on former CAG Vinod Rai asking him why he did not file an FIR if some pressure was brought upon him not to name then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the 2G and coal block allocation reports.
Alleging political motive behind his remarks, party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said that these are nothing but “rejected allegations primarily made by Subramanian Swamy”, which did not stand the scrutiny of the Supreme Court and the special CBI court.
Suggesting that the former chief auditor was in league with the BJP, he also wondered as to why he has not uttered a word on serious strictures passed by the CAG in Gujarat against the then Chief Minister Narendra Modi.
ALSO READ:  Ex-CAG: Cong MPs asked me to keep Manmohan out of 2G audit reports
While the Congress spokesperson accused Rai of showing “unsatiated hunger for publicity” before the launch of his new book, former party MPs Sanjay Nirupam and Sanjay Dikshit, who were accused by Rai of putting pressure on him, demanded an apology from him and threatened to drag him to the court.
Coming out with a stinging criticism of former Prime Minister Singh, Rai said that integrity is not just financial but intellectual and professional.
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner also claimed that the then Congress MPs, including Sandeep Dikshit, Sanjay Nirupam and Ashwani Kumar, had sought to put pressure on him to keep the Prime Minister’s name out of the said CAG reports.
Rejecting the charge, Nirupam and Dikshit said that they were not in the Public Accounts Committee, which had given its report on the 2G scam and had joined the newly-constituted PAC much after and hence it did not make any sense to ask the then CAG to change a report, which is already in public domain.
“Neither me nor Nirupam has anything to do with the earlier PAC,” Dikshit insisted wondering “Am I an idiot that I have asked somebody to change the report, which has already been published.”
Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi accused Vinod Rai of showing "unsatiated hunger for publicity" before the launch of his new book.

Why its nearly impossible to rent an apartment in StockholmA lonely trek. Reuters/Ints Kalnins
SHARE
Tali Trigg
September 12, 2014
With Sweden’s election taking place on Sept. 14, all eyes are on parties with solutions to the health care and education crises, but there has been relatively scant talk of one of the country’s most relevant issues—Stockholm housing.
Due to Stockholm’s infamously strict housing market, its citizens are having an incredibly  hard time finding an apartment .
There are two main factors underlying this phenomenon. First, the city wait list for a new apartment is now 15 years on average, or 7.7 years in the Greater Stockholm region. Second, Stockholmers live alone. Very alone. In fact, Sweden has the lowest number of persons per household in the OECD , with just 1.99 persons per household, compared to the OECD average of 2.63. And in Stockholm, that numbers is 2.1, almost the lowest for any capital in the world, while the  average household size comes in at 41 sq m, on par with other countries .
Stockholm is today one of the few capitals in the world where you cannot simply move to and hope to find a rental. You either have to wait in Stockholm’s official housing line, which has about half a million people ahead of you, or you can wait in one of the co-op lines, which own 28% of rental properties . Yet, if you look to Sweden’s largest co-op , there are exactly zero apartments available in Greater Stockholm.
Today, estimates have Stockholm lacking an astounding 431,144 housing units at the end of 2013. That’s an 8% increase from the year before.
According to Nobel-prize winning economist Paul Krugman, Sweden is already a “ significant housing bubble ” with housing prices rising of 300%  in the last 13 years. Sweden’s finance minister, Anders Borg, agrees and sees the risks of the housing market . But the deputy governor of Sweden’s central bank, Lars E.O. Svensson, is not convinced , and believes that “other fundamental factors” are at play, including “rapid urbanization” and little new construction.
Tap image to zoom
The exterior of hard-to-get-housing in Stockholm’s “Södermalm” neighborhood.Photo by Hasse Lisskog
The sitting center-right Alliance (a block of four parties) is seeking to address the housing crisis by building 140,000 new housing units by 2030, as part of their election platform. The Christian Democrats, a minor party in the Alliance, is specifically focusing on smaller apartments. Christian Democratic member of parliament Erik Slottner told Quartz that “new rules enable smaller apartments down to 25 sq m, which are ideal for young people looking for their first apartment. Our party is pushing for lowered rents for apartments below 35 sq m. We need to increase the rate of construction, there are no other shortcuts here.”
Meanwhile, the opposition Social Democratic Party is promoting a 1 billion SEK (approximately $150 million) building bonus focused on studios and one-bedroom apartments for students. Social Democratic member of parliament Arhe Hamednaca thinks that “for continued economic growth, we need geographic mobility, but the last eight years Sweden has lacked the political will and been among the least likely in the West to invest in new housing, and instead sold off the city’s existing rental properties.”
Share
Tap image to zoom
Political parties on both sides are pushing construction for smaller apartments, suited for first-time dwellers, students, and young.Photo by Hasse Lisskog.
Buying a two bedroom apartment in Stockholm ranges from $250,000-930,000 depending on the neighborhood, or $3,190-11,600 per square meter, according to official realtor statistics . Meanwhile, renting, often the first step for young people and immigrants, is increasingly hard to come by. In the last 10 years, 35,000 rental properties have been converted to condos with the result that the black market for getting a rental property is $29,000 per room . To be clear, that means paying someone $29,000 just for the right to rent that room.
There is another interpretation of the system. According to Ingela Lindh, CEO of Stockholmshem (the largest municipal housing association), apartment rents are too low. But she cautions against introducing market rates in Stockholm : “there are no countries which have market rates [for housing] that don’t also have so-called ‘social housing’ and I want to avoid that at every cost.”
And perhaps Stockholmers have unreasonably high expectations of when they should find their own place. According to Eurostat, more than half of Swedes have moved from home by the time they are 21 years old, the highest percentage in the EU , beat only by neighbors Finnish and Danes.
Either way, with construction moving at a slow pace, and at the highest cost in the EU —72% above the average—the people of Stockholm and those moving in have figured out that with little or no new supply, the only way to make it work might be to move in with somebody, not by choice but by necessity. This is what decades of too little construction have led to: a new Stockholm Syndrome.
Follow Tali on Twitter @TaliTrigg . We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:

Should the US export oil to push down prices and hurt Putin Thats happening alreadyEnergy Shocks
September 12, 2014
US oil companies plan a massive campaign in the coming months to persuade president Barack Obama to overturn a ban on the export of crude oil that has held since the Arab embargoes of the 1970s. Their motivation is understandable enough: profit.
Crude oil exports are opposed by the US chemical and refining industries, which earn more if American oil stays at home. And some politicians argue that oil is a strategic commodity the US should not squander by shipping it abroad.
But the industry campaign is boosted by outside heavyweights who say that American oil could deliver a geopolitical dividend: if exports push down oil prices, that could hurt Russian president Vladimir Putin, whose economy depends hugely on oil and gas revenues. Former US treasury secretary Larry Summers says that oil exports will lower US gasoline prices. In the New York Times, Tom Friedman  writes that they will  undermine both Putin and the Islamic State.
In reality, even without exports, the US oil boom is already driving down prices and affecting geopolitics. If not for a surge in US oil production the past couple of years, the global economy would have probably plunged back into recession since—given the disruptions in Libya, Iran, Nigeria and elsewhere—oil prices would have gone through the roof.
Yoo-hoo–the US is already exporting oil
The US Energy Information Administration said this week that American oil production will reach a 45-year high next year at 9.5 million barrels a day, up about 1 million barrels from 2014. Combined with a “remarkable” plunge in the growth of global oil demand, noted by the International Energy Agency, the American supply surge is principally behind a plummet of oil prices this week below the psychological threshold of $100 a barrel.
The US boom is having this impact for two reasons: the US needs and imports less oil, leaving more to slosh around the global system. And the US does in effect export oil—about 3.7 million barrels a day in the form of products like diesel, plus a small volume (385,000 barrels) of crude oil that can be legally shipped to Canada. This chart shows just the exports of products.
Tap image to zoom
US Energy Information Administration
The surge is so large that—at least for now—it has finally overwhelmed the roiling geopolitics of the Middle East and former Soviet Union. “In past Middle Eastern conflicts, like the Gulf War, we would see oil prices spike, putting the economy on the brink of recession. Yet this is not happening because of US oil production,” oil trader Phil Flynn wrote on his blog .
In short, the question to export or not to export is germane if you are concerned with oil company revenue. Not so much for everyone else.
Will lower prices drive down production and create a vicious circle?
Even if exports are not generally relevant, there is one interesting point, and it is raised by Michael Levi of the Council on Foreign Relations. In a snarky post targeting Friedman, Levi argues that, if the US does legalize all crude oil exports, they will have negligible and possibly no impact on oil prices. He asserts that, even if oil prices do plunge as Friedman suggests to $75 a barrel, they will do so only temporarily because drillers will pull back unprofitable supply, thus neutralizing the export impact. Prices will rise again because the supply will go back down.
That would be true if the cost of oil production is too high at fields that comprise a sufficient part of the global oil supply. But what if such costly fields make up only a marginal part of the supply pool? A volume smaller than the exports? If they did, they would undermine Levi’s argument.
That is what Citi argues. With a few tiny exceptions, global oil overwhelmingly can break even at $70 a barrel, the bank says. US shale oil specifically breaks even in a range of $50 to $80 a barrel. Given this price equation, the question is not whether exports will have an impact on prices or geopolitics, but whether the US oil boom will become larger.
If it does, all things being more or less equal elsewhere, Putin will be in more trouble.
Share this:

India s forex reserves fall to $317.3 billionHi Guest
India's forex reserves fall to $317.3 billion
India's foreign exchange reserves dipped by $1.327 billion to $317.313 billion in the week ended September 5 on a slide in the currency assets and gold stockpile, the Reserve Bank said. The total reserves had increased by $60.5 million to $318.64 billion in the previous reporting week. Foreign currency assets (FCAs), a major constituent of overall reserves, dropped by $1.028 billion to $290.364 billion for the week under review, the apex bank said. FCAs, expressed in dollar terms, include the ...

Wetherspoon hits at pro-union stanceLast updated: September 12, 2014 5:12 pm
JD Wetherspoon chairman attacks Scotland debate ‘scaremongering’
By John Aglionby
©AFP
Business leaders are “talking nonsense” and scaremongering by trying to persuade Scots to remain part of the UK by warning that prices will rise if they vote for independence , the head of a leading pub group said on Friday.
Tim Martin, the chairman of JD Wetherspoon , which has 70 pubs and 3,000 employees in Scotland, said politicians and business leaders were “underestimating the intelligence of voters”.
More
US investors lining up Spurs takeover bid
“If you want Scots to remain in the UK, you’ve got to use reasonable arguments,” he told the FT. “For example, you just need to open a couple of hundred Aldis and then prices will come down.”
Mr Martin, who is from New Zealand and said he was not taking sides in the independence campaign, was referring to comments on Thursday by Sir Charlie Mayfield , the chairman of the John Lewis partnership, who said prices could rise after independence.
The JD Wetherspoon boss said: “There’s no reason why Scotland shouldn’t thrive as an independent country if that’s what the Scots want. “It will entirely depend on the policies an independent government will follow. If they’re sensible, they will thrive; if they’re foolish, they won’t.”
Mr Martin also said Scots should not put too much faith in Alex Salmond, Scotland’s first minister and head of the Yes campaign, remaining in office for that long. “Remember [Mikhail] Gorbachev didn’t last long in Russia [after Glasnost], and he was a good guy.”
He was speaking after the pubs group released its preliminary results for the year to the end of July, which showed it had defied the trend of closing premises in the UK pub industry and a poor summer to record slightly better results.
The group recorded an adjusted pre-tax profit of £79.4m, up 3.1 per cent on the previous year, and an operating margin of 8.2 per cent, at the upper end of analysts’ expectations. It opened 46 pubs during the year while selling or closing five.
It now has 927 properties, with the average development price rising from £1.64m compared with £1.55m as it spends more on kitchens, customer areas and beer gardens.
The strategy is showing some success as it defies an industry that has seen more than 10,000 pubs close across the country since 2002.
It forecast a “reasonable” outcome in the current financial year. This year it predicted its operating margin would drop to 7.7 to 8.1 per cent for the 2014/15 trading year.
Like-for-like sales for the first six weeks of the new trading year, to September 7, increased 6.3 per cent, with total sales increasing 11.4 per cent.
The share price was up 3 per cent in early morning trading on Friday at 765p, slightly outperforming the FTSE 100.
Mr Martin welcomed the results but said he would continue to campaign for pubs to pay the same VAT rate as supermarkets. While supermarkets pay the same VAT on drinks as pubs, they pay no VAT on food and, according to Mr Martin, cheaper business rates per pint of beer served.
“Wetherspoon, along with many pub and restaurant companies, is supporting Jacques Borel’s VAT Club on Tax Equality Day to publicise this inequality,” he said, referring to a day of action on September 24. “A number of MPs have signed up for our cause, and most people seem to say it makes no sense for supermarkets to pay less tax on food than pubs.
“A similar danger relates to the general tone of corporate governance advice and practice which has helped to create unstable board rooms, often preoccupied by the wrong considerations. For example, many do not even recognise the danger from the VAT disparity, despite the high weekly level of pub closures which has lasted for many years.”
For the full year to the end of July, like-for-like sales were up 5.5 per cent, operating profit was £115.6m, up 3.8 per cent, and earnings per share was 47p, up 4.9 per cent.
Related Topics

Wall St falls  energy hit by new Russia sanctionsWall St. falls, weighed by tech shares
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
NASDAQ Alibaba Group Financial Markets NYSE Euronext, Inc. Anheuser-Busch InBev Yahoo! Inc.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were falling on Monday, dragged down by the tech sector as investors make space in their portfolios for Alibaba's planned debut later this week and biotech shares weighed further on the Nasdaq.
Alibaba's could be the largest initial public offer in history and has seen "overwhelming" interest, meaning Yahoo's 23 percent stake could be worth more next week than it is now. Yahoo stock was up 1.7 percent with 1.9 million shares already traded.

Prefer Tata Motors  says Lancelot D CunhaPrefer Tata Motors  says Lancelot D Cunha
EC says monitoring situation for holding bypolls in DelhiPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 8:58 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 9:06 pm
The Election Commission is monitoring developments related to government formation in the national capital and will accordingly take a decision on holding bypolls to three vacant assembly seats, Chief Election Commission V S Sampath on Friday said.
The poll body, however, added that although it was monitoring the situation, the process of government formation was beyond its jurisdiction.
“Three seats…we are watching. We still have some time. If there is a dissolution then there is no point holding the elections. If there is formation of a government then we will see (on when to conduct elections).
“The Commission will be in readiness whenever there will be polls but as far as government formation in Delhi is concerned, it is not under our purview,” Sampath said in a response to a question.
Delhi’s Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung has already written to the President seeking his advice on whether the BJP, being the single largest party, should be invited to form a government. However, the saffron party lacks majority.
In the 70-member Delhi assembly, BJP won 31 seats in the assembly elections held in December last year. But three seats fell vacant as its legislators Ramesh Kumar Bidhuri, Harsh Vardhan and Parvesh Verma were elected as MPs.
After their election to the Lok Sabha, the trio resigned from their assembly seats bringing the BJP’s tally to 28.

Why Rai didn t file FIR if he was pressured: Cong | Manmohan made a mistake: Kamal NathWhy did Vinod Rai not file FIR if he was pressured, asks Congress
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 08.37PM IST
(Alleging political motive…)
NEW DELHI: Hitting back, Congress today sought to turn the tables on former CAG Vinod Rai asking him why he did not file an FIR if some pressure was brought upon him not to name then Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the 2G and coal block allocation reports.
Alleging political motive behind his remarks, party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said that these are nothing but "rejected allegations primarily made by Subramanian Swamy", which did not stand the scrutiny of the Supreme Court and the special CBI court.
Suggesting that the former chief auditor was in league with the BJP, he also wondered as to why he has not uttered a word on serious strictures passed by the CAG in Gujarat against the then Chief Minister Narendra Modi.
While the Congress spokesperson accused Rai of showing "unsatiated hunger for publicity" before the launch of his new book, former party MPs Sanjay Nirupam and Sanjay Dikshit, who were accused by Rai of putting pressure on him, demanded an apology from him and threatened to drag him to the court.
Coming out with a stinging criticism of former Prime Minister Singh, Rai said that integrity is not just financial but intellectual and professional.
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner also claimed that the then Congress MPs, including Sandeep Dikshit, Sanjay Nirupam and Ashwani Kumar, had sought to put pressure on him to keep the Prime Minister's name out of the said CAG reports.
Rejecting the charge, Nirupam and Dikshit said that they were not in the Public Accounts Committee, which had given its report on the 2G scam and had joined the newly-constituted PAC much after and hence it did not make any sense to ask the then CAG to change a report, which is already in public domain.
"Neither me nor Nirupam has anything to do with the earlier PAC," Dikshit insisted wondering "Am I an idiot that I have asked somebody to change the report, which has already been published."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Black money  doles come into play as Maharashtra  Haryana assembly polls inch closerBlack money, doles come into play as Maharashtra, Haryana polls inch closer
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 12, 2014
First Published: 20:28 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:37 IST(12/9/2014)
Political parties began supplying black money for vote-buying to their workers in Haryana and Maharashtra before the election commission announced assembly poll dates for the two states on Friday, officials said.
 
The Election Commission (EC) can only direct the state police and other investigating agencies to probe the use of illicit funds in elections after declaring the voting schedule. And political parties are exploiting this escape clause.
 
Many candidates routinely dole out cash, alcohol and other goodies to voters in Indian elections for acquiring their support. The poll panel seized over Rs. 300 crore in cash and more than two crore litres of liquor along with other illegal inducements during the parliamentary and assembly polls this year.
Read:  Maharashtra, Haryana assembly polls on October 15; results on 19th
 
Election officials said the BJP distributed funds for poll management to most district and block-level committees in Haryana, especially in areas where the party is expected to do well based on an internal survey.
 
“A senior party representative declared at a party function recently that money will not be a constraint. Subsequently, huge amounts of cash reached the functionaries in-charge of these assembly constituencies,” a senior poll panel official said, expressing inability to tackle the problem.
 
Haryana’s close proximity to Delhi, Rajasthan and Punjab helps parties push liquor and cash into the state without drawing too much attention. The EC officials said that with the announcement of polls, instructions have been issued to the state administrations to put up check posts at all entry and exit points to prevent the inflow of black money and liquor.
 
In Maharashtra, the officials said, both the NCP and the BJP functionaries have received illicit funds for the elections which have been used to mobilise workers. “Some senior leaders of the two parties themselves distributed cash and we even informed the state government, but by the time a team reached the locations the job was done,” an EC official said.
 
Election commission sources also said that politicians in Maharashtra plan to distribute gifts to voters during the lengthy festival season in October. The total spending by the political parties in the polls is expected to be about Rs. 2,000 crore, according to an unofficial estimate.
 
“It is very difficult to establish which party has distributed these goodies as the gifts don’t bear a party symbol – only the name of a party functionary who may not be contesting. In such a situation, electoral laws prohibit us from taking any action,” an election official said.

President Obama  Clinton Celebrate 20 Years of AmeriCorpsSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
SATELLITE: Hurricane Odile Targets Mexico's Baja Peninsula
EXPLORE.ORG: Animal-Watch in Africa!
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Olive Garden breadsticks serving size limit sought by activist investorOlive Garden breadsticks targeted by activist investor
Olive Garden breadsticks targeted by activist investor
An investor in Olive Garden is pushing the restaurant to cut down on breadsticks and salad dressing to save money.
An investor in Olive Garden is pushing the restaurant to cut down on breadsticks and salad dressing to save money.
By Becky Yerak, Tribune staff reporter
Olive Garden could save more than $4 million by curbing breadsticks, says activist investor
Giving fewer breadsticks at Olive Garden would mean more appetizer, dessert sales, says activist investor
Only one breadstick at Olive Garden?!
Unlimited garlic breadsticks have been a staple at Olive Garden, but an activist investor is calling on the Italian food chain to give one or maybe two servings of the carbs to patrons.
Doing so would reduce "massive unnecessary waste" and save more than $4 million, according to Starboard Value LP, an investor that is pressuring Olive Garden owner Darden Restaurants Inc. to make changes in its operations.

Sarthak Industries: Outcome of AGMSarthak Industries: Outcome of AGM
Amara Raja Batteries leads gainers in  A  groupAmara Raja Batteries leads gainers in  A  group
Gravita India win export orderGravita India win export order
10 Arab States Join Hands with US to Destroy Islamic State10 Arab States Join Hands with US to Destroy Islamic State
Sensex  Nifty end the day with gains; Cipla rallies 6%Sensex  Nifty end the day with gains; Cipla rallies 6%
New from the Financial TimesFT Antenna brings you a selection of stories from across the web. More info.
Today's Top Stories
@Ian_Fraser tweeted 6 hours ago
About Antenna
Antenna is an experiment by the FT. It is powered by tweets from accounts we trust. Only links to websites carefully selected by us can appear.
Who's it for?
It's for FT readers who don't have the time to be on Twitter all day, but who want to be tipped off about a variety of interesting stories from across the web.
How does it work?
FT Antenna updates throughout the day. It uses London time to define "Today", "Yesterday", and "This Week".
But how does it work?
The main scoring mechanism reflects the number of retweets, but there’s some scaling so that Twitter accounts with relatively few followers aren’t penalised.
What next?
If you like what you see and think it's useful, then tell your friends, family and colleagues. (And tell us. We'd love to hear from you!)

Designed for FT readers  Antenna finds the best of the web. Click here to seeFT Antenna brings you a selection of stories from across the web. More info.
Today's Top Stories
@Ian_Fraser tweeted 6 hours ago
About Antenna
Antenna is an experiment by the FT. It is powered by tweets from accounts we trust. Only links to websites carefully selected by us can appear.
Who's it for?
It's for FT readers who don't have the time to be on Twitter all day, but who want to be tipped off about a variety of interesting stories from across the web.
How does it work?
FT Antenna updates throughout the day. It uses London time to define "Today", "Yesterday", and "This Week".
But how does it work?
The main scoring mechanism reflects the number of retweets, but there’s some scaling so that Twitter accounts with relatively few followers aren’t penalised.
What next?
If you like what you see and think it's useful, then tell your friends, family and colleagues. (And tell us. We'd love to hear from you!)

The tools you need for your fall garden cleanupGardening
The tools you need for fall garden cleanup. Including a giant spork.
Gardex Leaf Scoops When you have leaves piling up in the yard, this is the tool you'll want to grab. It was designed to fit inside yard bags or receptacles, and each scoop fits into your right or left hand. You can also use it to spread mulch and peat moss in your garden, so it's a good all-around fall tool. The rake teeth will also help with total yard cleanup of residue. $7.99 at amazon.comScotts Snap Spreader Fall is the best time to fertilize your plants and roots so they'll have a base on which to thrive in the spring, and this is an easy way to do it. You simply push this through your lawn, and it evenly and directly spreads the bag of Snap Pac Fertilizer (fertilizer bags are sold separately and snap into the spreader). When you're done, it folds for easy storage. $49.98 at homedepot.comLeonard All Poly Scoop Fork This fork is 40 percent lighter than traditional steel forks — your back will feel the difference. Its deep scoop shape handles large loads, and the all-poly construction won't bend under pressure when mulching, collecting leaves and doing other fall cleanup activities. The American-made product has a lifetime warranty. $69.99 at gardenersedge.comGardener's Supply Lifetime Half-Moon Hoe Handmade in Holland from sustainably grown European ash hardwood, this lets you stand up straight while you work so you minimize back strain as you cut the weeds just below the soil surface. The blade is curved so you can work in the tight spaces between plants. $79.95 at gardeners.comFiberglass D-Handle Garden Spade It has a steel-reinforced fiberglass handle and a heavy-duty steel blade, so this is not going to bend easily when piercing the dirt, though it's lightweight. It's good for working around tree roots, digging holes and doing general landscaping. $29.99 at sears.comFiskars Shear Ease Grass Shears These have a patented mechanism that prevents the blades from jamming or sticking, so it saves time when you're gardening. They rotate 360 degrees so you can cut anything, even at strange angles. $17.99 at target.com

Narendra Modi may be No. 1  then why is BJP running scared of people  asks Arvind KejriwalFE editor's picks
Narendra Modi may be No. 1, then why is BJP running scared of people, asks Arvind Kejriwal
PTI | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 09 2014, 21:26  IST
Sep 09 2014, 21:26  IST
 

A throat lozenge for teacherSeptember 2, 2014 6:09 pm
Chinese pupils say it with throat lozenges
By Patti Waldmeir
A massacre has highlighted violence and corruption in schools, writes Patti Waldmeir
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ff4e0ab6-31e8-11e4-b929-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple Really Hoping You ll Forget About Hacking Thing  Use iPhones To Buy Stuffreddit
Apple wants you to believe it will protect your credit-card numbers better than it protected nude celebrity photos.
Apple on Tuesday unveiled a new payment system, called Apple Pay, that promises to securely hold customers' credit-card data. The announcement came just days after an embarrassing breach of celebrities' iCloud accounts that ended with their nude photos plastered all over the Internet.
At an event in Cupertino, Calif., to announce Apple Pay, new iPhones and the Apple Watch, executives took pains to assure customers that they could make payments with their new iPhones without fear that hackers could steal their information.
"Security is at the core of Pay, but so is privacy. We're not in the business of collecting your data," said Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice president of Internet Software and Services, in charge of iCloud.
Apple Pay will be available on Apple's new phones and watch. Customer credit-card data will be encrypted and stored on what Apple is calling a "Secure Element Chip." After that, payments will involve a one-time payment code. Customers will pay using Touch ID by touching the new iPhone's home button.
Some observers noted the awkward timing of Apple pledging to store more sensitive customer data just days after the celebrity-hacking news.
Apple can't keep J Lawrence's pics safe, how the hell are they going to keep our money safe? Apple Pay is scary.
— Mike Modney (@mikemodney) September 9, 2014
Apple Pay released directly after the iCloud hack... Bad timing.
— Noel Lyons (@noel_lyons) September 9, 2014
Still, Apple's payment technology could eventually prevent the kinds of credit-card breaches that have recently hit Home Depot, Target and other retailers, said Rick Dakin, CEO of Coalfire, a cyber risk management firm.
"The number one reason hackers are going after merchants is you're presenting credit cards at the point of transaction," he said. "In the future, that's not going to happen."
But Dakin said consumers "should have minor concerns" with Apple Pay because the company still hasn't independently tested its security.
"Until the whole ecosystem is in place, you don't really know where the flaws are in that system," he said. "Apple needs to certify and validate that it has been independently tested, and so far it hasn't."
Mike Park, managing consultant at Trustwave, a cybersecurity firm, said "we cannot say with certainty" that mobile payment systems are more secure than credit cards.
"However, as with any new addition or feature to a platform, even ones meant to enhance security, this expands the overall attack surface, making it attractive for criminals looking for vulnerabilities to exploit," Park said.
Photo courtesy of Engadget
Apple Pay will come as a free update to iOS 8 in October and will work with American Express, MasterCard and Visa. There are currently around 220,000 merchants that accept so-called "contactless" payment systems like Apple Pay, and Apple is working with several major retailers like Walgreens, Target, Whole Foods, Macy's and more, to expand that number.
More:

Sold-out Olive Garden Passes Flipped on eBay$100 Olive Garden pasta passes fetch hundreds on eBay
Katie Little CNBC
comment
eBay
In the wake of Olive Garden's highly successful promotion for never-ending pasta , the Italian chain plans to bend the rules of the promotion since it faces what might be called a high-quality problem.
More than 50 of the 1,000 pasta passes are drawing bids on online auction site eBay for multiples of the original $100 purchase price even though the restaurant stipulates on its site that they are "non-transferable and may not be re-sold."
In light of this, the company faces a dilemma: it can either enforce the fine print and risk making some second-hand buyers or sellers mad, or ignore its own rules to avoid alienating customers.
Video: The chain is introducing a new all-you-can-eat promotion, the “Never Ending Pasta Pass,” where for $100 you can eat all the pasta, salad and bread you want for seven weeks.
Even though it's clear on Olive Garden's site that the cards aren't allowed to be re-sold, the company plans to flex on this somewhat in the spirit of maintaining good guest relations.
"The cards are personalized and not transferable; however, hospitality is core to who we are, which is why we'll work with anyone who's purchased a card on eBay to ensure they enjoy Never Ending Pasta Bowl. I'd encourage those guests to reach out to us directly via phone or social media," said Tara Gray, a Darden spokeswoman, by email.
On Monday, the pass promotion drew half a million visitors within the first half hour. At times, the volume was so great, the promotion's site suffered technical glitches.
For those who failed to snag a pasta pass Monday, Gray mentioned the company will be hosting giveaways during the next couple of weeks leading up to the beginning of the promotion. 
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Everyone With A Desk Job Should Have Plantsreddit
At 9 years old, I dreamed of being a botanist.
My bedroom was filled with plants. Long tendrils of glossy-leafed pothos vines snaked across my dresser, and a 5-foot-tall yucca tree bent over the foot of my bed toward the window. When my grandparents visited, they took my two younger siblings to Toys R Us to each pick out a toy. Afterward, we went to Home Depot, where I got to pick out a new ficus tree or an asparagus fern, maybe even a succulent. Until about the time I turned into an angsty, pubescent teenager, I delighted in gardening with my mother.
A spider plant and a little potted cactus.
I wound up becoming a journalist instead. Still, I am happiest -- and, I've found, I do my best writing -- when surrounded by greenery. As I type this now, my desk is fringed with a little Peruvian apple cactus, a spider plant, a milk cactus and a big, hardy jade plant.
My little workstation garden might actually make me a more fruitful employee (or so I tell my editors). And now there's research that seems to back that up.
A study, led by Cardiff University's School of Psychology and published last week, found that adding plants to an otherwise Spartan desk boosted a worker's productivity by 15 percent.
The results challenged the trendy belief that desktop minimalism , sometimes called lean management, breeds productivity.
"This conclusion is at odds with the present economic and political zeitgeist as well as with modern 'lean' management techniques," Marlon Nieuwenhuis, the lead researcher, said in a statement . "Yet it nevertheless identifies a pathway to a more enjoyable, more comfortable and a more profitable form of office-based working."
The researchers surveyed workers and monitored productivity at two large commercial office spaces -- each with some offices stripped clean of office decor, others greened with plants -- in the U.K. and the Netherlands for several months.
I often shift my gaze to my potted milk cactus throughout the day. That, or the photo of my girlfriend, Charlotte, hung in the background.
Nieuwenhuis concluded that landscaping an office with plants would be a worthwhile investment for companies, as it increases the quality of life and productivity for workers.
Laboratory tests have yielded similar results. In a study published in 2011, a team of researchers in Norway tested a group of 34 student attention spans when reading. Half of the participants performed the task at bare, wooden desks. The others were tested at desks with flowers and foliage. On a second round of tests shortly after, scores improved for the students with plants. Those for students without plants stayed the same.
A study published last year by the University of Exeter offered the most dramatic argument for keeping plants around. After running 90 tests on 350 participants, researchers found that office plants increased workers' well-being by 47 percent, boosted creativity 45 percent and jolted productivity by 38 percent.
So, what is it about plants that sharpens the mind?
In the 1980s, Rachel and Stephen Kaplan, a pair of environmental psychology professors at the University of Michigan, developed the Attention Restoration Theory. The concept describes the way that being in nature, and focusing on the calming sway of leaves or flow of a brook, can remedy mental fatigue.
No doubt, the daily barrage of digital distractions can be taxing. Constant blips on Gchat, the ever-flowing streams of TweetDeck, email after email -- it gets to me sometimes. And while I'm a good multitasker, it's hard to write when I'm playing a game of e-messaging Whac-A-Mole. But then I look up and trace the variegated patterns on a cactus or the browning lines of the jade plant as its stalk grows into wood, and I'm at peace.
Follow Alexander C. Kaufman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/AlexCKaufman
More:

Add some bling to your iPhone 6Add some bling to your iPhone 6
Elizabeth Mathew
Tweet
A customised luxury gold and diamond edition of the iPhone 6, already!
Barely 24 hours since the much-anticipated iPhone 6 and 6 plus launch, and luxury versions of the handsets are already on offer and making waves. Here are three brands that are going all out to get your iPhone 6 to be even more special. Whether you like them shiny and studded or sleek and golden – there’s something for everyone with a 7-digit budget.
Designer Alexander Amosu, famous for his luxed-out versions of many gadgets, has already been commissioned to create an iced-up version of the iPhone 6 – think 18-carat gold and studded with diamonds!
Luxury fans will have to wait a while to get their hands on this piece though – it’s estimated to take about 2 months to put together, but what else can you expect when the phone’s body has to be recreated in solid gold and encrusted with 6,127 brilliant cut diamonds. Named “Amosu Call of Diamond iPhone 6”, the piece sports a cool price tag of 1.7 million pounds.
Luxury mobile device maker Falcon, based out of New York, have made waves with their offering - a rose-gold iPhone 6 plus with a pink diamond mounted on the back. The brand is open for pre-order now and prices start at a whopping at 48.5 million dollars. For those looking for more options, the brand’s Bespoke collection lets you choose between platinum, gold and rose gold iPhones with a choice of stone – from black diamonds to sapphires, emeralds and rubies, the choices are many. Price depends on the stone and material used.
Goldgenie, famous for their gadget customisation, and like their name suggests – expertise in gold, have launched the 24 carat Gold iPhone 6 Elite Range. For those who like their phones covered in pure gold and little else, these pieces are definitely a must have. Choose between gold, platinum or the current hot favourite, rose gold – and you won’t ever have to worry about your phone not standing out in a crowd. 
(This article was published on September 10, 2014)

Russia tightens gas supplies to PolandLast updated: September 10, 2014 4:13 pm
Russia tightens gas supplies to Poland
By Henry Foy in Warsaw, Courtney Weaver in Moscow and Neil Buckley in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5533134a-38f6-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Production target: As required run rate rises  CIL pins hopes on extrasBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Li reassures China investors after finesSeptember 10, 2014 8:13 pm
China’s Li assures foreign investors in wake of fines
By Jamil Anderlini in Tianjin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ac1a3c12-38f4-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tax assessment fails to note bathroom: Trouble0
When you go to list your home for sale, the listing broker will go over the details of your home and will include that information on the multiple listing service (MLS). If you've recently remodeled your kitchen and basement, refinished the floors and put on a new roof, the MLS can indicate all of those items. The MLS will also include details about your home's bedrooms and bathrooms. It will be at that time that you will market your home as having two bathrooms.
Now, having said all that, we have to turn to the issue of the bathroom that has not been picked up by the tax assessor's office. We know that in some parts of the country, tax assessors will actually make a visual inspection of a home -- both inside and outside -- when a home has had recent construction or has recently been purchased. However, in other parts of the country, tax assessors rarely if ever make house visits.
The bad news is that in some jurisdictions, tax assessors have the right to correct prior years' erroneous assessments and send the homeowner a bill for underpaid real estate taxes. Frequently the rules governing erroneous assessments are intricate, but you could bear that additional cost should your local tax assessor find out that your assessment has been in error.
Tax bills are usually made up of complicated formulas that make mathematicians smile and ordinary citizens scratch their heads. For example, a tax bill will generally start with the assessed value of a home: the value a tax assessor gives to the home. The tax assessor comes up with that number using various factors. Among those factors are the age, location and size of the home, along with any amenities it has. Among the factors used may be the type of construction, the number of floors, lot size, the number of bedrooms and bathrooms, and garage size.
The assessor will also use the sales prices for recently sold homes in your neighborhood. They may also use other calculations including the cost to rebuild or build homes in your area. To some people, the value given to a home by a tax assessor might seem to have been plucked out of a hat.
It's possible that your second bathroom would add nothing to your assessment if your assessor used other factors to determine its value. If the tax assessor primarily used the sales prices for comparable homes in your neighborhood and all those homes had two bathrooms, you may have been paying the right amount in taxes all along. We can't know for sure, and only a person that specializes in real estate taxes can tell you.
Once your tax assessment is established, the local municipality uses it to compute a tax rate or uses other factors to ultimately come up with your actual tax bill.
Now that you are doing more work on the home, you may discover that your assessor's office does send out a person to view what work has been completed in your home. If the inspector sees the second bathroom, he or she may note that in the file.
One additional note: The plans you submitted to the local building authority for work at your home may show the second bathroom, depending on what you are doing to your home and what level of detail was required in those plans. They may show your whole home, floor by floor. The local taxing authority may use those plans to determine how and whether your assessment should be adjusted.
As you do work on your home and your assessment changes, you might want to correct the error relating to the "missing" bathroom. We don't know how it will affect your taxes. You'll have to find out from a tax expert in your area or by making a general inquiry with your local tax assessor's office.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

Heir s dilemma: Sell homes or rent them out1
A: Our condolences on the loss of your mom, who sounds like she was an amazing woman.
Your question requires a bit of thought. We think you've accurately analyzed your options, but you need to think through whether you're able to be a landlord effectively and if that's what you want to do.
It sounds as though you can rent both homes for a significant profit. A home that sells for $340,000 to $400,000 should be able to be rented for a decent amount. One option is to rent both of these properties easily and give yourself a head start on your future.
If you're bringing in $30,000 to $40,000 a year in rent, you should be able to net out at least half that after paying taxes and expenses. Income of $20,000 on top of whatever you earn would be great to have. And, hopefully, the homes would increase in value over time.
That brings up another important consideration: Do you believe the value has risen to a point where it will stay, or do you think the homes will be worth more in the next year? (It's dangerous to look out more than a year, and it rarely works, but you need to look at the trend.)
Property prices have been climbing in your hometown (Atlanta) over the past couple of years, and if your homes are in a good area, then you might see another 10 to 15 percent price appreciation over the next year or year and a half. Based on that assumption, you might want to rent the homes for a while.
Selling them would net you somewhere around $500,000 after expenses. That's a tidy sum for your mother to have left (and for you to have partly earned by purchasing the home next door). With it, you'll have a great start in building another life somewhere else, or for retirement.
So the next question is, What do you want to do next? Typically, when someone loses a family member (spouse or partner, parent or child), we recommend that they avoid making a major financial move for the first year. It's very difficult to process the paperwork and work through the pain of a significant loss while making major life changes.
We think you might want to buy yourself a year. Rent out your house or your mom's house (sorting through her things and getting it ready to rent might take you a month or more). While that's bringing in income and you're thinking about what it's like to be a landlord, you can decide whether you're going to change careers, leave town or stay put for the next few years.
Changing careers shouldn't be a snap decision, especially since you want to go back into broadcast media, which is a tough career path that doesn't pay much in the best of times, which this isn't.
After you've made that decision, you can decide to either rent out your home as well (a reasonable choice if you decide to stay in Atlanta and if you enjoy being a landlord) or to sell both homes and move on.
What we're really advocating is taking it step by step. Don't sell both homes at once. Instead, start by renting your home (or your mother's, depending on which house is more in rent-ready condition), moving into the other home, and getting that one in ship-shape. While you do that, and get all of the estate paperwork filed, you can figure out your career move.
A year will pass in the blink of an eye. And your path forward will surely emerge. Good luck!
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

How tales of small-business credit difficulties inspired a business0
A. When I was living in Hyde Park, I visited a coffee shop there called Zaleski & Horvath MarketCafe. When I walked in the door I knew this place would be great. I realized neighbors know which place is going to be successful, yet there’s no way to use that knowledge to make any investments in those businesses. I approached Z&H for feedback, and it was through them that I learned that small business credit was a painful process such that they started their business with a credit card. Years later, they were still struggling to pay this credit card off because of the high interest rate. So I started LendSquare to solve that problem.
To me, the idea of people financing the businesses that they value most was very obvious. The trick was realizing what was true for this one business in this one neighborhood was true for many businesses in many neighborhoods. It comes full circle because the business that made me want to start the company, we’ve gotten them two loans (through LendSquare).
Q. You were originally planning to be a scientist. How are science and finance similar?
A. For me the definition of a startup is you’re building a company that’s trying to find its product. And in startups, like in science, you measure progress by lessons learned. The pacing and funding is different, but they’re very similar. Any tech startup entrepreneur should be well versed in many science techniques, experiments, statistics, and a little bit of hustle.
Q. In trying to find your product, how has the business evolved?
A. We thought we were building a way for businesses to get credit. While that is certainly true, many of the businesses we work with find LendSquare is most valuable as a way to engage with their customers and neighborhoods in a very deep and meaningful way. They’re getting a loan from people who care about their business and who also have the capacity to positively affect their business. That means (customers are) going to frequent it more often or tell their friends about it or go on Yelp and give that business a favorable review.
Q. How did you test the concept?
A. We had to answer the following questions: Will business owners be willing to tell their customers that they want credit? Are people willing to invest in small amounts in small businesses? Can business owners find their own lenders? The answer to none of them is an obvious yes.
Q. When did you know you had yeses?
A. The answer is we still don't. We have a strong suspicion that the answer is yes. But not all loans get funded and we don’t know why.
Q. What have you’ve learned about being a founder?
A. There were many moments when we could have quit and something lucky — meeting the right person, talking to the right customers, getting the right email — happened days later. If you don’t hold on long enough, you don’t get it.
Q&As are edited for length and clarity.

The 3 R s that could move stocks higherThe 3 R’s that could goose the bull's grades
By: Adam Shell September 11, 2014 6:36 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
With summer over and everyone back to school and work, LPL Financial lays out the 3 R’s that could drive the stock market higher. (Steve Ruark, AP)
School’s back in session. Wall Street’s back to work, too. LPL Financial has outlined the three R’s (no, not reading, ’riting or ’rithmetic) that could propel the bull market to even greater heights.
LPL’s talking about: “Revenues,” as in corporate revenues. “Reinvestment,” as in reinvestment of capital. “Renaissance,” as in manufacturing renaissance.
“These three R’s are all key components in evaluating the opportunity for further stock market gains,” LPL’s chief investment officer Burt White and strategist Jeffrey Buchbinder said in a research note.
The broad U.S. stock market, as measured by the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index, enters today’s trading session up 8% this year. It’s down 0.6% from its Sept. 5 record closing high of 2007.71.
The investment thesis is straightforward. Earnings, they say, are the key driver of stock prices. The recent strong reading on August manufacturing suggests corporate earnings will continue to improve in the second half of 2014. It also suggests “that the current economic cycle is closer to its middle than its end.” Translation: Don’t count on a recession anytime soon.
There are also factors likely to boost the amount U.S. corporations spend on capital expenditures, they say. Non-financial companies are sitting on $1.3 trillion in cash. Using that excess cash to buy back company shares is getting less attractive with stocks trading near record highs. CEO confidence is on the rise. Borrowing costs remain low. There’s also a lot of aging equipment and infrastructure that needs updating.
The third plank of the bullish call is the resurgence in U.S. manufacturing, which is getting a big assist from the domestic energy boom. The shale revolution, for example.
Study session is now over. Now the hypothesis has to come to fruition if the bull is to keep grinding higher and get an A grade from Wall Street.

11 things your team can teach you about leadership11 things your team can teach you about leadership
Your team can teach you about leadership
monkeybusinessimages / Getty Images/iStockphoto
By Young Entrepreneur Council, Tribune Content Agency
'Once I had employees, I realized that the worst crime is inaction, not incorrect action.'
'It's my company, so if I have an issue with staff, it is often a result of my leadership style.'
'Great leaders don't have all of the answers, but they ask great questions.'
QUESTION: What's the most surprising thing one of your direct reports has taught you about leadership?
Value upward feedback
“I've made a point over the past five years to ask for upward feedback, and I've learned from my direct reports that I often behave or overlook things in a way that impedes business. And I wouldn't know it if I didn't ask them. Request upward feedback on a regular basis. Have directs come together, aggregate themes and present them back to you without attribution. The results are tremendous.”
Susan Strayer Lamotte, Exaqueo
8
“Prior to running an organization with multiple, varied personalities, I used to believe the worst thing you could do was make a mistake. Once I had employees, I realized that the worst crime is inaction, not incorrect action. When people are expecting you to lead the way, they want you to lead the way confidently. Most mistakes can be fixed, but a loss of confidence in the leader is permanent.”
Brennan White, Watchtower
0
“It's my company, so if I have an issue with staff, it is often a result of my leadership style, the way I taught people to work or my anxiety. After seven years, my employees live and breathe my values. So when I find myself taking issue with the way something has been handled, I have to recognize that it's a problem we are both a part of. That provides an opportunity for me to lead by example.”
Corey Blake, Round Table Companies
Choose the black box
“The better the direct report, the less you have to lead directly. The best staff members are “black boxes” — they take light guidance and make it happen. Whenever you hire anyone, you have to know going in whether you have a ‘project’ on your hands or a black box.”
Danny Boice, Speek
Say “I don't know”
“Great leaders don't have all of the answers, but they ask great questions. My direct reports don't expect me to know everything, and they don't want me to tell them what to do. Instead, my job is to frame the right question, challenge my direct report and empower him or her to find the solution. We are better leaders when we're more concerned with asking the right question than having the answer.”
Sean Kelly, HUMAN
Don't lose your cool
“Nothing can make you lose credibility faster with a member of your team or impact your judgment skills more than losing control of your emotions. Take your time before responding to tough situations. You'll gain respect from your team if you respond appropriately.”
Chuck Cohn, Varsity Tutors
Take control of your emotions
“I spent two years mentoring an intern who became our tech director. He developed into a stellar member of our team. One day, I was frustrated with his work and overreacted. Allowing negative emotion into our conversation created a gap in our working relationship. It took nearly a month and a ton of effort to regain his trust and get back on positive ground.”
Aaron Schwartz, Modify Watches
Be vulnerable
“Your employees know you aren't perfect. Acknowledging that fact is important and helps humanize you. Often, leaders try to put up a tough outer exterior. Being vulnerable allows you to connect to your employees on a genuine, honest level. Once you connect with your employees, it creates a much higher degree of loyalty. That's a good thing for you and the startup.”
Mitch Gordon, Go Overseas
Be honest
“It sounds obvious, but if you are open and honest, that can take your leadership skills to new heights. Today's millennials aren't just looking for the best manager, but one they feel is honest and open with them. That will hopefully engender the same results in your co-workers.”
Sam Saxton, Salter Spiral Stair and Mylen Stairs
Be more open
“My employees have taught me how to be more open. I believe in inviting employee feedback and eliciting direct input from my team. Our firm has grown and become much stronger as a result of some great ideas and improvements suggested by my employees. I needed to learn how to listen to all levels of our company, and my employees taught me how to do so.”
David Ehrenberg, Early Growth Financial Services
Think simple
“My direct reports have taught me about the power of simplicity. When I ask them to review a new video or white paper, they help me realize that people don't want ‘intellectual geek talk.’ They want simple, easy-to-read content.”
Erica Dhawan, Cotential

Russia threatens car and clothing importsLast updated: September 11, 2014 6:07 pm
Russia threatens to cap western car and clothing imports
By Courtney Weaver in Moscow and Peter Spiegel in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/28b7828c-39ab-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China investigates VW executivesAugust 26, 2014 2:56 pm
China investigates Volkswagen joint venture executives
By Tom Mitchell in Shenzhen
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/dee88226-2d18-11e4-911b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China LNG: red letter day© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/9c67cc04-39a2-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uighurs offered cash for mixed marriagesSeptember 1, 2014 1:51 pm
Chinese authorities offer money for mixed marriages in bid to quell Uighurs
By Jamil Anderlini in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/eed8fdf8-31ca-11e4-a19b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Isis in Syria braces for western attackSeptember 11, 2014 6:33 pm
Isis fighters in Syria brace for western attack
By Erika Solomon in Beirut
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a02f6c2-39c4-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cautious Iraqi welcome for US interventionSeptember 11, 2014 5:05 pm
Iraq gives cautious welcome to US military intervention
By Borzou Daragahi in Cairo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/210b050e-39a6-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Japanese fans line up outside Toyko Apple store for iPhone 6Japanese fans line up outside Toyko Apple store for iPhone 6
Japanese fans line up outside Toyko Apple store for iPhone 6
Apple enthusiasts set up camp outside a Tokyo Apple Store a week before the launch of the iPhone 6, the company's newest version of its popular phone. Deborah Gembara reports.
Apple enthusiasts set up camp outside a Tokyo Apple Store a week before the launch of the iPhone 6, the company's newest version of its popular phone. Deborah Gembara reports.

Column: Getting the spectrum auction rightBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Commerce summer camps for teenagersSeptember 11, 2014 1:55 pm
Angst, acne and capitalism at commerce summer camps for teens
By Emma Jacobs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f613bb2-3354-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

As schools start finance lessons  holiday camps have found how to teach business to kidsSeptember 11, 2014 1:55 pm
Angst, acne and capitalism at commerce summer camps for teens
By Emma Jacobs
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f613bb2-3354-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The dollar rally  and why the renminbi has risenThe dollar rally, interest rate divergence and reasons behind the renminbi’s rise Sep 11, 2014
After the dollar hit a six year high against the yen this week and gained against emerging markets, Delphine Strauss, currencies correspondent, asks Simon Derrick, foreign currency strategist at Bank of New York Mellon, whether the US currency’s rally is part of a long-running trend based on interest rate divergence or  the result of a retreat from political risk. They also discussthe reasons for the renminbi’s rise and Swiss  policymakers’ options to keep the franc in check.

It will take more than US air strikes to defeat IsisBlog guide
Gideon Rachman and colleagues offer commentary on international affairs.
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
Follow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Review  Londons towering CheesegraterShare via twitter Share via facebook Share via linkedin Share via google+
Review – London’s towering Cheesegrater
Sep 10, 2014 : FT architecture critic Edwin Heathcote gives his verdict on one of the latest and tallest additions to London’s skyline – the £268m tower dubbed the ‘Cheesegrater’.

Transfer-pricing in the world of BEPSBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Editorial: Modis Coal lndia testBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Tightening regulatory noose around Ponzi schemesBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Hackers Bypass Home Depot Debit Card PINsreddit
By Neal O'Farrell, Security and Identity Theft Expert for CreditSesame.com
Home Depot hasn't really told us much about their data breach so far, and for that, I say shame on them. One of the few things they did share though, and quite categorically, is that no debit card PINs were exposed in the breach.
That's important, because that might not be good news either. If thieves steal your credit card number in a breach like Home Depot, and then use it to commit fraud, they're stealing the bank's money. Or the merchant's. But at least it's someone else's money. If, on the other hand, the crooks get their hands on your debit card and your PIN, they get direct access to your bank account and everything that's in it.
And while you're not supposed to be liable for more than $50 in fraudulent losses, whether it's a debit card or a credit card, it's not that simple. For starters, many banks will use stalling tactics if more than a few hundred dollars is removed from a bank account through fraud. Not very helpful if you have urgent bills to pay.
Some banks will simply deny any responsibility, hoping the customer doesn't know their rights . And if the debit card is connected to a business account, forget about it. Zero liability doesn't extend to business accounts. So if you lose every dime in your account, there's a good chance you won't be getting any of it back.
So what's that got to do with Home Depot? Well, Brian Krebs , the super cyber sleuth who uncovered both the Home Depot and Target breach, is reporting that the thieves have figured out a way to reset the PINs for those stolen debit cards. Even if they don't have the original PIN.
Many banks use automated phone systems to allow their customers to reset their debit card PINs. In order to complete the process, you'll typically need at least three of the five following things in order for the bank to believe it's really you on the phone:
• A phone number recognized by the bank.
• The three or four digit CVV number, or card verification value, on your card.
• The card expiration date.
•  Your date of birth.
• The last four digits of your Social Security number.
Well, guess what? Thieves may be using their obviously extensive networks to fill in enough missing pieces so they can answer enough questions to reset those PINs.
They're using Go Phones or VoIP to fake the customer's phone number. They have the customer's name, address and ZIP code from the Home Depot breach, and they're apparently able to buy the matching last four digits of victim Social Security numbers. That's enough to reset a PIN and start going crazy on the stolen cards. Some banks are reporting thefts of up to $300,000 using this tactic, according to Krebs.
So if this is true and this attack works, does that mean we've now exposed yet another massive weakness and vulnerability in our banking system that the banks might take forever to change? Remember, banks want to make banking convenient, and security is the enemy of convenience. They're unlikely to rush to make it any harder for legitimate customers to change a PIN.
And this tactic raises an even bigger issue. There are thousands of hackers in possession of billions of stolen records, but not all the records are complete enough to be useful enough. What if those hackers could join the dots by finding a way to connect with other hackers who might have the missing pieces -- like the last four digits of a Social Security number?
If we can use technologies like data analytics to make sense of billions of tiny pieces of data, why can't crooks?
If you used a debit card at Home Depot, change the PIN now. Hackers might still change it back, but you still have to try to stay ahead of them. Talk to your bank, monitor your accounts, use a secret code if your bank or credit union offers it. And if you have a small business account, think about separating it into two or three accounts, each with different PINs and passwords.
Welcome to your future, your new normal, an Internet of Very Insecure Things.
This post originally appeared on CreditSesame.com . Neal O'Farrell, Credit Sesame's Security and Identity Theft Expert, is one of the most experienced consumer security experts on the planet. Over the last 30 years he has advised governments, intelligence agencies, Fortune 500 companies and millions of consumers on identity protection, cybersecurity and privacy. As Executive Director of the Identity Theft Council, Neal has personally counseled thousands of identity theft victims, taken on cases referred to him by the FBI and Secret Service, and interviewed some of the nation's most notorious identity thieves.
Follow CreditSesame.com on Twitter: www.twitter.com/creditsesame
More:

Story behind Banco Esprito Santos fall from grace© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a63a4a56-32c0-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fortress finance pulls up the virtual drawbridgeSeptember 11, 2014 5:44 pm
Fortress finance pulls up the virtual drawbridge
By Gillian Tett
What might happen if Russian hackers stop feeling they have a stake in market stability
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8460b9a2-3841-11e4-a687-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

World is saying No to Scottish separationLast updated: September 11, 2014 6:51 pm
The world is saying No to Scottish separation
By Philip Stephens
The Yes campaign has elected to play a cynical, bewildering and finite game of identity politics
©Ingram Pinn
The great thing about democracy is that you can change your mind. It makes space for spasms of anger as well as cool calculation. Throw out the rascals now and you can reconsider next time if the new lot come to disappoint. The referendum on Scottish independence is different. It leaves no room for buyer’s remorse. Once dissolved, the union cannot be recovered.
Travel beyond Britain’s shores and the persistent question you hear is the simplest one. Why? How can one of the world’s most successful multinational states contemplate such a wilful act of self-harm ?
More
Britain’s new enemies immigrants and capitalists
These overseas observers – American diplomats, European politicians, Chinese scholars – do not see a phoenix rising from the ashes of the old. They see a Scotland toying with a future of obscure irrelevance and a fractured Britain rushing to embrace decline.
I have not heard a single soul from Washington or Delhi, Brussels or Beijing suggest separation could be good for Scotland or Britain. “God forbid!” said a puzzled Sushma Swaraj, India’s foreign minister, when told this week that Scotland may indeed opt for separation.
Yet, in its way, rising support for Scottish secession fits a broader pattern. Globalisation is begetting nationalism. Exposed to the harsh winds of open markets, citizens are seeking refuge in more atavistic identities – sometimes ethnic and tribal, sometimes religious.
Alex Salmond , the leader of the Scottish National party, has reawakened the allegiance of the tribe. A state defined by its Scottishness, he is saying, will fare better alone. This is a confidence trick. But nationalists across Europe – most, it should be said, more visibly xenophobic than Mr Salmond – are selling the same delusion.
The Scots were once the adventurers and the administrators of Britain’s great imperial sweep across the globe. Now that has all gone, it is said that the glue has petrified. The truth is that it is hard to imagine a moment during the past 300 years when it would have been more foolish for the nations of Britain to separate. Prosperity and security in an age of great power competition belongs to those comfortable with multiple identities – the ones who bind themselves together in shared endeavour.
The pollsters say that the referendum outcome is too close to call. Panic in the unionist camp has seen the Conservatives, Labour and Liberal Democrats rush out plans to assure Scottish voters that a No vote next week would be followed quickly by a fresh devolution of power to the Edinburgh parliament.
The final days of the campaign thus promise to be a contest between momentum and sobriety. Mr Salmond hopes to be carried to victory by the energy and excitement of the Yes side. Unionists pray that voters will reflect – not just about the immediate risks of break-up, grave though they would be, but about the possibilities for a self-governing Scotland within the union.
Mr Salmond has the wind in his sails. The words that best describe the temper of European politics are disenchantment and distrust . The SNP leader is a creature of the establishment, but he has remade himself as the leader of an insurgency. You have to admire the political guile, if not the unabashed cynicism. As the vote approaches, the SNP has stripped off the veneer of civic nationalism to play the darker game of identity politics.
More video
At Westminster, the recriminations have already started. If there is a Yes vote there will be plenty of blame to share around. David Cameron is first in the line of fire. Were it not for the prime minister’s lazy insouciance, Scots could be voting next week for the settlement most of them said they wanted – self-rule within the union. Instead, he insisted the referendum be a binary choice between union and secession. Now he has had to recant, offering Scotland the “devolution max” he refused to put on the ballot paper. It could be too late.
In the long term Scotland would likely prosper as an independent state. Mr Salmond, however, refuses to separate fanciful wishful thinking from economic reality. Scotland would lose the immeasurable advantages of seamless interchange – political and cultural as well as economic – with the rest of the UK.
The nationalists gloss over too the profound economic shock that would follow separation. The financial markets are already offering something of a preview. Scotland would lose much of its financial services industry overnight. Foreign investment would dry up. “It’s nothing personal,” the boss of one leading Scottish institution with plans to head south has been heard say. “Strictly business . . . We could not take the risk.”
Unionists elsewhere in the UK should admit more than a modicum of self-interest. The loss of Scotland would diminish Britain in almost every dimension one can think of. The worry runs deeper than the economic disruption and damaging loss of international clout. A vote for separation would likely nurture identity politics south of the border – the rise of English nationalism. Mr Salmond is to Scotland what Nigel Farage, the leader of the UK Independence party , is to England. An England on its own could well quit the EU.
The hope of unionists now lies with those voters sorely tempted to throw a rock at the ancien regime, but perhaps as yet unsure of the finality of such a choice. They could do worse than ask the question posed by friends abroad. Why? A Yes to independence in the referendum is not just another cross on a ballot paper with consequences than can be revisited. Separation is forever.

Air safety is undermined by secrecySeptember 11, 2014 6:22 am
Our skies will not be safe until nations share their knowledge
By Najib Razak
Airlines’ approaches to conflict zones make passengers wonder about safety, says Najib Razak
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/420eb41c-38d9-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US must leave Isis to the regional statesSeptember 11, 2014 6:10 pm
America must leave the defeat of Isis to local states
By Emile Simpson
Gung-ho battle cries slip off the tongue but raise the prospect of disaster, writes Emile Simpson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c28d686-39aa-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gideon Rachman: the view from KievBlog guide
Gideon Rachman and colleagues offer commentary on international affairs.
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
Follow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

Robot able to handle new objects unveiledSeptember 11, 2014 7:32 pm
Robot capable of handling unfamiliar objects unveiled
By Clive Cookson in Birmingham
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e83c085e-39b9-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Lynch returns fire on HP reportSeptember 11, 2014 11:20 pm
Lynch fires back at HP’s ‘excessive’ forecasts on Autonomy deal
By Murad Ahmed, European Technology Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/671d5764-39c8-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Saudi Arabia cuts oil output in AugustSeptember 10, 2014 6:56 pm
Saudi Arabia cuts oil output in August
By Anjli Raval, Oil and Gas Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/752c4060-38fe-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hertz shares rise as chief executive departsSeptember 8, 2014 7:29 pm
Hertz shares rise as chief executive departs
By Robert Wright in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9e025dc4-3775-11e4-bd0a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apples big day didnt turn me onSeptember 11, 2014 1:38 pm
Apple’s big day didn’t turn me on
By Gary Silverman in New York
I cannot shake off the idea my life would be the same no matter what device I put in my pocket
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b7751e28-3841-11e4-a687-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple dials up WiFi calling to boost mobile coverage 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Animal spirits return  in a small wayLast updated: February 9, 2014 2:08 pm
Dealmaking is back – up to a point
By John Authers
Whatever occurs will be pale echo of heyday
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/66c2211a-8fef-11e3-8029-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russia to prevent gas re-exports to Ukraine© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7baf1bf6-3764-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gujarat suggests innovative way out of GST deadlockBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

BJP issues show cause notice to AAP MLA on bribe chargeBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

GDP growth: More chinks in the armourIshan Bakshi |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 09:12 AM IST
GDP growth: More chinks in the armour
Despite the recent growth in the economy, a number of variables point to softness in the recovery
India’s gross domestic product (GDP) grew by 5.7% in the first quarter, a step up from the same period last year, but there are some signs of weakness. 
 
Agriculture which grew at 3.8% in the first quarter is expected to slow to 1% for the full fiscal on account of two factors. Firstly, the high base effect as agriculture grew at more than 4% last year and second, a deficient monsoon which could impact output. But heavy rains over the past few weeks may have made up the deficit rainfall, easing some concerns. As of now, the rainfall deficit is estimated to be at 11%. 
 
One worry has been that lower agricultural growth, which would result in lower rural incomes, would dampen consumption demand and, in turn, the manufacturing sector. While concerns over a poor monsoon may have abated somewhat, Surjit Bhalla writes in The Indian Express that IIP will fall to zero in July. Although IIP has been in positive territory for the past three months, it slowed to 3.4% in June from 5% in May. Core infrastructure growth also declined from 7.2% in June to only 2.6% in July. 
 
With the project management group clearing 175 projects totaling $102 billion one would think that a turnaround in the investment cycle is imminent. But of these projects, 93 are in the power sector and 29 are in the coal sector, which means that the Supreme Court’s decision on coal block allocation is critical to kick-starting the investment cycle. 
 
The judiciary is another variable that forecasters need to factor in, which is easier said than done, when making growth predictions. 
 
The community, social & personal services, which largely comprises of government spending, may also see a slowdown with the government firmly committed to meeting its fiscal deficit target. Recent numbers confirm that the government has cut spending in the first four months of the current financial year. 
 
Although surveys do point towards an upswing in business and consumer sentiment, growth is likely to remain sluggish. 
Project Management Group – Progress so Far
 

Missed Airfare Sale Now  an All-Inclusive Rs 1999 OfferYou are here: Home Industries
SpiceJet Comes Up With Super Sale Offer Again
NDTV | Updated On: September 12, 2014 12:15 (IST)
Hero MotoCorp Plans to Invest Rs 1,600 Crore in New Plant: Report
Budget carrier SpiceJet has announced a discount sale offer with fares starting from an all-inclusive Rs 1,999 for specific routes on its domestic network.
The booking for this SpiceJet scheme will remain open till September 16, 2014. This SpiceJet offer is applicable on travel period between October 7, 2014, and January 15, 2015.
(Read: British Airways Offers up to 50% Discount on Flights From India )
SpiceJet has been one of the most aggressive players in offering promotional schemes, announcing more than a dozen offers this year.
"Customers get another chance to plan their vacation this year if they have not done it already. In our endeavor to encourage more and more customers to opt for air travel, we are rolling out exciting value propositions", said Kaneswaran Avili, Chief Commercial Officer, SpiceJet.
Budget carrier AirAsia India, which recently added Jaipur and Chandigarh to its list of destinations, is offering promotional fares from an all-in Rs 1290. This offer is valid on bookings till September 14 and travel period till December 11, 2014.
(Read: Why Airfares in India May Surprise You )
SpiceJet had recently come up with a special scheme with fares starting from Rs 599 on next year's tickets. Under this Rs 599 special fare, all statutory taxes and fees are to be paid by the passenger as applicable on the date of travel. In another special scheme, SpiceJet also offered special all-in fares starting from Rs 1,999. The bookings for these schemes were open till September 10.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 12:15 (IST)

Love Jihad: A fictitious problem with real consequencesAman Sethi |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 10:11 AM IST
Love Jihad: A fictitious problem with real consequences
The Hindu right has latched onto anxiety over inter-religious relationships and turned it into an electoral campaign issue
In a recent interview to The Economic Times, Bharatiya Janta Party (BJP) President Amit Shah said, “Love Jihad is a media creation, not our terminology. It's a grave social problem.” 
 
So what is it really: A fiction, or a grave social problem? The answer, according to Shah, is “both”. 
 
On the ground, there is little evidence that Muslim men are wooing Hindu women with the express purpose of converting them to Islam. As the senior Superintendent of Police of Saharanpur told my colleague Mayank Mishra, “It is natural and part of the society we live in that there will be some odd inter-community relations among boys and girls. To give it any other colour is unfair." 
 
Further, historian Charu Gupta notes , “There is an increasing anxiety over the increase in inter-religious marriages.” The Hindu right has latched onto this anxiety and turned it into an electoral campaign issue in a particularly communally sensitive region. 
 
Thus, the BJP’s ‘Love Jihad’ campaign in western Uttar Pradesh has turned the possibility, as much as the occurrence, of an inter-religious marriage into a “grave social problem.”
 
Western UP is particularly fertile ground for such a campaign as it is home to a large number Punjabi Hindus who settled in towns like Saharanpur and Muzzafarnagar in the aftermath of the Partition in 1947. 
 
“The scars of Partition are still visible,” social activist and long-time resident Shandar Ghufran told me, “both for the Hindus and the Muslims.”
 
In the aftermath of Sikh-Muslim riots in Saharanpur last month, a Punjabi cloth trader spoke to me about a Sikh colleague whose shop was burnt in the riots. “He said, ‘Father’s shop in Lahore was burnt in the partition, and now my shop has been burnt’,” the trader recalled, “It took a long time to convince him to stay in Saharanpur rather than move to Ludhiana.”
 
A young Muslim man, by contrast, told me how he had been dragged into a property dispute with devastating consequences. “We’ve been friendly with a Hindu family for years,” he said, “but when the brother and sister fell out over the ownership of the house, the brother claimed his sister and I were having an affair.” The local police began an investigation and harassed the family for months. 
 
“But they could never say they were investigating our friendship because that is not a crime,” he said, “So they kept coming up with false charges.”
 
All charges have now been dropped, but the pressure cost him his job. “I’ve been unemployed for 8 months,” he said, “I’m now looking for a job.”
 
So Amit Shah is right when he says Love Jihad is both, a fiction and a problem – but not in the way he imagines. The real social problem is the criminalisation of love, friendship and solidarity across religious boundaries.
 

For gamers  waiting can be the hardest partBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

No campaign holds Scots poll leadLast updated: September 12, 2014 7:54 am
Support for No campaign in Scots poll holds up
By FT reporters
Support for the campaign to keep Scotland in the UK is holding up as the number of undecided voters falls sharply with less than a week to go until the independence referendum, according to the latest polling.
More
Fight heats up for Scotland’s undecideds
After a couple of polls earlier in the week showing the race neck-and-neck or the Yes side in the lead, the last two polls have put the Better Together campaign back in front.
On Thursday evening, a YouGov poll for the Times and the Sun gave the unionists 52 per cent support against 48 per cent for independence. The figures did not include undecided voters, who now only number 4 per cent of the electorate, the survey found and have a margin of error of plus or minus 3 per cent.
This compares to a YouGov poll five weeks ago showing No leading by about 55 per cent to 35 per cent, with 10 per cent undecided.
The bounce in support for Better Together came after one of Britain’s top industrialists warned that a Yes vote could cast an uncertainty over the UK economy for a decade, as Scotland’s banks led a sustained onslaught against independence.
Sir Mike Rake , chairman of BT Group, deputy chairman of Barclays and president of the CBI employers’ organisation, said independence would destabilise investment in Scotland and the rest of the UK. “The uncertainty will last for easily 10 years,” he told the Financial Times.
“Inevitably this uncertainty will lead to a slowdown in investment in the UK as a whole as well as Scotland.”
Five banks said they would move their headquarters south of the border in the event of a Yes vote and are lobbying the Treasury to pass new laws to speed up the transfer of their corporate bases to England.
Marks and Spencer, the leading UK chain, is also poised to warn the Scots of the possibility of rising prices should they vote Yes, according to people familiar with the matter.
Marc Bolland, chief executive of M&S, is expected to sign a joint letter with other leading stores. Retailers have warned of the costs of doing business in a new country with a dispersed population and uncertain currency and tax arrangements.
David Cameron has been urging business leaders to speak out against independence for months.
Alex Salmond , Scotland’s nationalist first minister, said Mr Cameron was orchestrating a campaign of business “scaremongering”, adding that Scots would ignore the warnings . “Scotland is on the cusp of making history,” he said. “Scotland will vote Yes next Thursday.”
Yes is running out of Scots to persuade
After the shock of its poll last week showing the Yes side ahead in the Scottish independence referendum, YouGov’s latest is a return to relative calm. Based on an online survey carried out between Tuesday and Thursday of this week, the pollster puts the Yes side on 48 per cent and No on 52 per cent, excluding undecideds.
Continue reading . . .
Royal Bank of Scotland led a host of banks, employing more than 35,000 people in Scotland, warning they would relocate their headquarters south of the border in the event of a Yes vote on September 18.
But the banks, including Lloyds Banking Group , are worried that the costly and lengthy legal process required to change the domicile of a bank would be further delayed if many institutions rushed to move south at the same time. They have told the Bank of England and the Treasury there would be a case for new legislation.
The announcements from RBS and Lloyds were swiftly echoed by Clydesdale Bank, TSB Bank and Tesco Bank; government insiders said the move was co-ordinated by the Better Together campaign for a No vote.
Aegon UK, the subsidiary of the eponymous Dutch insurer, joined its rival Standard Life in saying it would move its registered life company to England if the Scots voted for independence.
The banks believe that they risk being penalised by investors and rating agencies if they keep their domicile in an independent Scotland and lose the support of the Bank of England as their lender of last resort. Inquiries from nervous customers about the consequences of a Yes vote have also increased since the polls narrowed last week.
World Weekly podcast
Too close to call
A late surge in support for Scotland’s pro-independence camp a week ahead of the referendum has set alarm bells ringing among politicians in London. James Blitz is joined by Michael Stott and Mure Dickie to discuss the arguments being used to sway Scottish voters.
Mr Salmond said RBS’s contingency plan would not affect jobs or an independent Scotland’s corporation tax base. “Corporation tax depends not on the registered office but on economic activity,” he said.
He accused Treasury officials of deliberately leaking market sensitive information about RBS to damage the Yes campaign.
But Sir Jeremy Heywood, in a letter to Mr Salmond, rejected the accusation, saying staff at the Treasury had just “confirmed its understanding of RBS’s contingency planning . . . [to] maintain financial stability”.
Danny Alexander, UK Treasury chief secretary, said: “If all these great institutions locate to England, you would absolutely see a loss of jobs at headquarters, but over time you would see a pulling away in terms of engagement with Scotland.”
Ross McEwan, the RBS chief executive, wrote to his 12,000 staff in Scotland saying they would not be relocated if there was a Yes vote. “This is a technical procedure regarding the location of our registered head office. It is not an intention to move operations or jobs,” he said in the letter.
Mr Salmond, speaking in Edinburgh, said the business campaign was being whipped up by Downing Street, which was “trying to galvanise leading business people to try to say something negative about Scotland”.
He contrasted what he branded scaremongering by the London establishment with what he portrayed as the positive mood among Scots who were “rediscovering self-confidence” and “finding our voice”.
Reporting by John Aglionby, Sarah Gordon, Patrick Jenkins, Martin Arnold, George Parker, Sam Fleming and Andrea Felsted

Oracle Financial jumps on interim dividend of Rs 485 per shareSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 01:25 PM IST
Oracle Financial jumps on interim dividend of Rs 485 per share
Shares of Oracle Financial Services have surged more than 7%  on interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share
Shares of Oracle Financial Services Software have surged more than 7% to Rs 3,560 on the BSE after the Board of Directors of the Company approved payment of interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share of face value of Rs 5 each of the Company.
 
Oracle Financial Services Software is a subsidiary of Oracle Corporation. It is an IT solution provider to the banking industry.
 
The stock opened at Rs 3,711.35, touched a high of Rs 4,075 and a low of Rs 3,700 on the BSE. A total of 11,929 shares have been exchanged on the BSE so far.
 

Bypolls in 3 Lok Sabha  33 assembly seats on Saturday; acid test for PM Narendra Modi#lok sabha #andhra pradesh #chhattisgarh #tripura and sikkim #narendra modi #mulayam singh yadavk #chandrashekhararao
New Delhi: Three Lok Sabha and 33 Assembly seats are going to bypolls on Saturday with the results crucial for both the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party-led National Democratic Alliance and the opposition parties who are yet to recover from the massive mauling in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections. The resignations of Prime Minister Narendra Modi from Vadodara, Mulayam Singh Yadav from Mainpuri and K Chandrashekhararao from Medak Lok Sabha seats have necessitated the bypolls.
Besides, these three high profile Lok Sabha seats, 33 assembly seats are also going to bypolls across Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Assam, Gujarat, Tripura, West Bengal, Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Sikkim.
In the highly polarised UP, 11 assembly seats are going to bypolls. Out of 11 seats, 10 seats were held by the BJP, which literally swept the Lok Sabha polls. In Rajasthan, four assembly seats are going to polls.
These bypolls are being dubbed as an acid test for PM Modi as the BJP has not fared very well in the bypolls held in the last few weeks after the party's huge success in the Lok Sabha elections.
In Modi's home state of Gujarat 9 assembly seats are going to bypolls with Vadodara Lok Sabha seats. In Assam, three seats are going to bypolls. In West Bengal two seats are going to bypolls. In Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Tripura and Sikkim, one seat is each is going to bypolls.
The votes will be counted on September 16.
These bypolls are being dubbed as an acid test for Prime Minister Narendra Modi as the BJP has not fared very well in the bypolls held in the last few weeks after the party's huge success in the Lok Sabha elections.
BJP candidates lost all the three bypolls in Uttarakhand and then could bag only four out of the 10 seats in Bihar while losing one crucial seat each to Congress in Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh.
If the BJP loses some of the seats where voting will take place on September 13, it will be seen as yet another sign of the waning Modi wave.
Three Lok Sabha seats:

Oscar Pistorius found guilty of culpable homicideBSE 26816.56(-244.48)
NSE 8042.00(-63.50)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114091200513
International
IANS |  Pretoria Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 08:10 PM IST
Oscar Pistorius found guilty of culpable homicide
Pistorius was accused of fatally shooting girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in 2013, but was cleared of murder charges
Paralympian Oscar Pistorius, facing charges of killing his girlfriend in 2013, was given bail Friday by a South African court here but only until he is sentenced for culpable homicide.
Having been found guilty of culpable homicide for shooting Reeva Steenkamp dead on Valentine's Day, Pistorius faces up to 15 years in prison for the offence and five more for firing a gun in a restaurant. He was, however, acquitted of two other firearm offences, the Independent reported.
He has been given bail until his sentencing begins Oct 13.
Pistorius shot his girlfriend dead through a locked toilet door Feb 14, 2013, at his house in Pretoria.
Though saying he could not be convicted of premeditated murder, Judge Thokozile Masipa found Pistorius guilty of the lesser charge, which is the South African equivalent of manslaughter.
The judge said Pistorius made a "conscious decision" to pick up a gun and knew the difference between right and wrong.
Meanwhile, the state had alleged that Sep 30, 2012, Pistorius allegedly shot through the open sunroof of a car with his 9 mm pistol while driving with his friend Darren Fresco and his ex-girlfriend Samantha Taylor in Modderfontein settlement, the Independent Online reported.
Pistorius also faced two other charges of contravening the Firearms Control Act - one of illegal possession of ammunition and the other of discharging a firearm in public. He allegedly fired a shot from a Glock pistol under a table at a Johannesburg restaurant in Jan 2013.
Though found guilty of firing a gun in a restaurant, Pistorius was cleared of another count of discharging a weapon in a public place. He was also acquitted of possessing ammunition for an unlicensed firearm.
"Evidential material before this court shows that the accused acted negligently when he fired into the toilet door, knowing there was someone behind the door," Judge Masipa ruled in the high court in Pretoria.
"It cannot be said that the accused did not entertain a genuine belief that there was an intruder in the toilet who posed a threat to him," the judge said.
"It could not be said that he foresaw that either the deceased, or anyone else for that matter, might be killed when he fired the shots at that door."
Oscar's day out in court
 Advertisements

Virgin Money boosts board ahead of IPOSeptember 12, 2014 9:23 am
Virgin Money boosts board amid IPO preparation
By Andy Sharman
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5d5fb6cc-3a45-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oscar Pistorius  negligent  when he shot girlfriend  judge saysBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Pistorius guilty of culpable homicideLast updated: September 12, 2014 1:56 pm
Oscar Pistorius found guilty of culpable homicide
By Andrew England in Johannesburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d391c0f8-3a52-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IMF s Christine Lagarde says women vital for global recoveryBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Open Interest on NCDEX up 31% in AugPress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 04:12 PM IST
Open Interest on NCDEX up 31% in Aug
Open interest on the leading commodity exchange NCDEX last month was Rs 6,901 crore, up 31 per cent against a year ago.
Open interest on the leading commodity exchange NCDEX last month was Rs 6,901 crore, up 31% against a year ago.
Open Interest is the total number of contracts or deals of an underlying commodity that have neither been offset and closed by an opposite transaction nor fulfilled by delivery of the cash.
"Open Interest is an extremely important metric that shows the health and effectiveness of an exchange. We have the best volume to open interest ratio in the country and we will continue to aggressively build on it," NCDEX MD & CEO Samir Shah said.
The average daily turnover volume (ADTV) for the month stood at Rs 3,514 crore with 93,396 MT of commodities delivered through the exchange platform in August, NCDEX said in a statement here.
In the agri segment, monthly total volume was Rs 68,495.21 crore. The top three commodities were castor seed, refined soya oil and soyabean.
The total traded volume for refined soya oil was Rs 12,853 crore, while for soyabean it was Rs 7,051 crore. Castor seed futures clocked volumes of Rs 14,514 crore; with over 18% year-over-year growth. 10 MT guar seed also saw excellent participation, clocking a volume of Rs 4,925 crore, 300 percent y-o-y growth.
The Exchange received approval from the regulator to introduce exchange traded forward contracts and has introduced a new membership category in it.
 Advertisements

Why I didn t write a biography of Manmohan SinghRahul Jacob |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 09:49 PM IST
Rahul Jacob: Book values
Why I didn't write a biography of Manmohan Singh
Like many journalists whose ambitions run ahead of their abilities, I have a past littered with book projects. A few got to the stage of writing a proposal. The most recent one on the prospects for democracy in China based on my reporting of a remarkable village of Robin Hoods in Wukan in southern China who elected their own government floundered after I had written 30,000 words. My plan to write a biography of Manmohan Singh as a way to tell the story of India’s reforms met the most ignominious end of all. I never even got started.
When I first interviewed him in 1992, I fell under the spell of this gentle man, who is soft-spoken, even timid to a fault — as the telecom and coal scams show at huge cost to his reputation and the country’s. This is perhaps a foolish admission for a journalist to make this weekend of all weekends. But, I am wary of people such as Vinod Rai who are egotistical enough to call themselves “the nation’s conscience-keeper.” Rai has, shall we say, a gift for exaggeration, which may explain why he was responsible for the utterly implausible uppermost estimate of $39 billion the government supposedly lost in foregone proceeds for 2G spectrum licences. Mahatma Gandhi never crowned himself with such epithets. Not Just an Accountant is a more apt and revealing title for Rai’s book than its subhead. Of course, the 2G auction stank. Of course, Singh should have asserted himself to keep a coalition partner in line, but if $39 billion was the actual loss to the government, India ought to have the most expensive telecom services in the world.
In my twenties, I was less cynical. I was still a cub reporter at Fortune magazine in New York, entrusted with a cover story on how multinationals were looking at India anew. Before I left New York, the managing editor of Fortune discussed his vision for the story, which was to focus on the large Indian middle class. Thus, the journey to Delhi and my meandering path through the august corridors of North Block to the finance minister’s office was freighted with more than the usual tension before a big interview. From the perspective of an inexperienced 20-something reporter, the finance minister’s office seemed the size of a ballroom. As I sat down to interview Singh, I became tongue-tied. I was unable to make small talk, let alone ask a question. Singh seemed alert to the problem and asked if I wanted a cup of tea while keeping a one-sided conversation going. I was then able to at least blurt out that his eldest daughter had taught me history at St Stephen’s College. Singh is a proud parent and beamed with delight. The tension broken, I was able to get on with it and interviewed him a couple of times after that.
The late Dom Moraes had a similarly embarrassing account of his first meeting with Jawaharlal Nehru exactly 30 years earlier. Overcome by the pomp and circumstance of liveried peons showing him to the office, Moraes got entangled in the heavy curtains leading into Nehru’s room. When he emerged, Nehru was looking at him with amusement and concern.
Several years after my first meeting with Singh, bored with being a business writer at Time magazine, I quit to write his biography. I duly wrote a long letter to him explaining the project. His response was… complete silence. This left me with an existential dilemma; I was a biographer in search of a subject. I no longer had a job. Explaining what I was doing at the time left me writhing with embarrassment till my mother gently chided me: journalists often took time off to work on books so there was no need to be defensive about it. In any case, she added nonchalantly, “I can support you for a year.” She was months away from retirement.
The publication of Daman Singh’s lovely memoir of her father and mother is a reminder that Tolstoy was wrong and yet right when he wrote, “Happy families are all alike.” The Singhs are a loving, happy family. Daman has teasing descriptions about the hypochondria of her father and his way of walking as if in a spasm when exercising. Such a normal family life ought not to be rare among prime ministerial families, but it is. From Nehru with his apparent affection for the canine looks of Edwina Mountbatten to Indira Gandhi and her devotion to the handbag-toting Dhirendra Brahmachari and her very public squabble with Maneka Gandhi to Narendra Modi and his abstinence from married life, most of our prime ministers have had unconventional domestic arrangements. Anyone who watched the CNN-IBN programme a few years ago about the Singh family will recall the apparent affection with which his family regard him. They took in their stride that their last family holiday was in Nainital in the 1970s. We learn from the book he offered his resignation at different points in his career, including as Reserve Bank of India governor and as finance minister after the securities scam. We do not come away with an understanding of why he did not threaten to resign more often as prime minister and leave the unwieldy mess the Congress-led coalition was to Sonia Gandhi and her acolytes. Which only goes to prove that Singh did me a favour by not replying to my request to write his biography. With such a reticent subject, only a daughter could have written a book worth reading.
 Advertisements

Oscar Pistorius guilty of culpable homicide  sentencing due Oct 13Judge finds Pistorius guilty of culpable homicide
AFP
New Delhi, September 12, 2014
First Published: 14:00 IST(12/9/2014)
print
South African Judge Thokozile Masipa on Friday extended Oscar Pistorius's bail and set a date of October 13 for sentencing on a charge of culpable homicide.
"I have used my discretion in favour of the accused, I grant (the) application to extend the bail," Masipa said.
Pistorius was found guilty on Friday of culpable homicide in shooting dead his glamorous girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, a conviction that could result in a lengthy jail term.
A day after acquitting Pistorius of a more serious charge of murder, South African Judge Thokozile Masipa said that Pistorius had acted "negligently" when firing four hollow point rounds into a locked toilet door in the early hours of Valentine's Day 2013.
On the charge of murder, Masipa said: "the accused is found not guilty and is discharged, instead he is found guilty of culpable homicide."
Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius listens to the verdict in his trial at the high court in Pretoria. (AFP photo)
"A reasonable person," Masipa continued, "would have foreseen that possibility that whoever was behind the door might be killed by the shots and would have taken steps to avoid the consequences and the accused in this matter failed to take those consequences."
The "Blade Runner" stared straight ahead as the conviction was read, showing little emotion.
From the gallery there was a sound of sniffles and shallow breaths of 29-year-old Steenkamp's friends crying, including Desi Myers whose lip trembled in anguish.
Read: Oscar Pistorius found not guilty of murder
Steenkamp's father Barry ran his hand over his head while her mother June pursed her lips and shook her head.
The judge is expected to sentence Pistorius a few weeks from now and with no mandatory sentence for culpable homicide, Masipa will have a great deal of discretion over the punishment.
Shock and relief
Legal experts had earlier voiced surprise that Pistorius was found not guilty of murder, and predicted the case would likely not rest with the verdict.
Wits University criminal law professor James Grant said the state could appeal if they believe there has been an legal error.
"Everyone is a little surprised," said lawyer Audrey Berndt, zeroing in Masipa's finding that Pistorius could not have known that firing four hollow point bullets through the bathroom door would have killed someone.
Paralympian Oscar Pistorius at the High Court in Pretoria during the judgment in his trial. (AFP photo)
"She should have explained her reasoning a little more" said Berndt.
Masipa -- whose career has taken her from a childhood in a poor Johannesburg township to the country's high court -- had described Pistorius as a "very poor witness" who was "evasive" when questioned.
In pics: Oscar Pistorius on Judgment Day
Pistorius was also convicted of one of three gun charges.
Masipa said Pistorius was guilty of negligently handling a gun in restaurant, but acquitted him on two other firearm charges.
Pistorius was found guilty of asking to see a gun in Tasha's restaurant and while handling it under the table the firearm went off.
Watch: Judge announces Pistorius guilty of 'culpable homicide'
"He may not have intentionally pulled the trigger... that does not absolve him of the crime of negligently handling a firearm," said Masipa.
Pistorius, who had remained emotionless the whole morning, started clenching his jaw during the ruling.
Masipa had however cleared Pistorius on charges of illegally possessing ammunition, which the sprinter said belonged to his father.
She also said there was not enough evidence to suggest he was guilty of another count of shooting a gun through a car sunroof.
The trial, which has gripped South Africans and much of the world for half a year, has cast a harsh spotlight on the fallen hero's private life.
Full of high drama, the trial has fed intense media interest worldwide, with live broadcasts veering into the realm of TV reality.
During proceedings Pistorius has broken down, weeping and at times vomiting as he heard how his law graduate and model girlfriend's head "exploded" like a watermelon under the impact of his hollow-point bullets.

Bangalores new fetish: food trucksfood and dining (general)
Fast food. Mean prices. Bangalore is lapping up food on the go, coming out of flashy trucks kitted with fancy kitchens. Cities like New York and Chicago have a vibrant food truck culture and Bangalore is really catching up on this trend, as evenings see these mean machines open up with smoke and sizzle. Whether it’s a lunch break from office, or grabbing a bite after college, or on the way back from work, these shiny steel kitchens dish out cool “dude food” – street food, fast food high on fat, sauce, and food you can make a mess with, eating with your hands. Burgers, hotdogs, and sandwiches make up the menu of quick easy bites. They move locations often, have a devout following, and use facebook to keep in touch with their customers. Here’s looking at three of the most popular ones in the city.
Gypsy flavours
Gypsy Kitchen happened to Shakti Subbarao when he got fed up of his corporate life. He wanted to start a restaurant, but things happened otherwise, and he was led to a complete foodtruck with a built in kitchen, online, and launched in June this year. He was inspired by the Eat Street shows on TV. While the crux of his food is the all-American burgers, hotdogs, and sandwiches, “I want to give people a ‘gypsy’ menu, where flavours from different parts of the world come together in your sandwich or burger,” says the 32-year-old Shakti. His wife pre-cooks the food, his brother-in-law and his wife help Shakti on the truck. “My flashy truck (with red-orange flames leaping from a black background!) proved to be a cultural shock initially. In India where most vehicles selling food is usually ‘Chinese’, we were accepted in about two weeks. And now we have regulars.” People did initially have hang-ups to pay a maximum of Rs. 180 for a sandwich that came out of a truck, admits Shakti, “but we first ask them to eat”. “We are looking at people who enjoy their food. People love to eat. That’s the bottomline in Bangalore.” They are usually parked in HSR Layout from 5.30 p.m. onwards.
A new food equation
Special ArrangementDUDE FOOD Siddhanth believes good fresh food and great portion sizes are strong points
“I wanted to bring the dude food scene to Bangalore. It’s about good food, large portion sizes, and eating without a care about those around while you have sauce all over your face,” says 23-year-old Siddhanth Sawkar, who started The Spitfire BBQ Truck as a stop-gap arrangement till his restaurant took off. Sidhanth says all the food on his truck comes fresh — “We bake our bread every morning, veggies come in from my uncle’s farm, and the meat comes in fresh by afternoon to be marinated. By 5 we are out of the house, and it’s me and my apprentice cooking on the truck.” A coleslaw sandwich starts at Rs. 80 and goes up to Rs. 280 for one with double chicken and double bacon. “The pricing is low, because we are still street-food.” The street-food menu changes every three days. “We do burgers, hotdogs, and occasionally pork-ribs,” he adds. He’s been barbecuing with his parents every Sunday since his childhood, and specialises in southern Italian cuisine; he used to run a catering unit. “It’s no sin to get sauce on your chin” is one of the favourite draws on his FB page. Kammanahalli and Koramangala are his favourite spots, but he moves locations every week.
Dude Food’s here
DRAWING IN THE TEENS Food truck De3 wants to change the image of street food.
“People tend to think street food is not good, and not hygienic. I also never ate on the streets. So we wanted to change people’s perspective on street food,” says Sudarshan M.S., who, along with his three partners Francis Xavier, Shakeel Ahmed and Chandra Mohan, runs the food truck De3. Two of them are in the corporate world, two others are traditional businessmen. “It translates into ‘The Eatery’,” he says of the name. “Food has no equation, and we wanted to create one. We are all set to be running for the next 10 years with the best of technology in our truck; even the foreigners who live in Kammanahalli have been surprised by our setup,” claims Sudarshan. Their company United Milestone Inc. is hoping to open up restaurants in the city and this truck is their testing ground. “We have a standard set of 50 to 60 items on the menu, and we change and introduce about 10 others constantly. We have four chefs preparing the dishes in the truck.” They’ve got pastas, burgers, rolls, subs and sandwiches, and BBQ wings. Everything gets pre-prepared at their central kitchen in Hennur and rolls out by 4 p.m.; their favourite spot is Kammanahalli. At lunchtime they are around colleges.

India edict dismays cosmetics groupsSeptember 12, 2014 1:20 pm
India’s ‘vegetarian’ edict dismays cosmetics industry
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8a9bc416-3a66-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Retail Sales Increase 0.6 Percent in August  Led by Spending on Autos and RestaurantsPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

July factory output growth down to 0.5%; August CPI dips to 7.8%Recovery stumbles on weak industry output
K. R. Srivats
Retail inflation eases to 7.8% in August
New Delhi, Sept 12:  
Industrial output growth slowed to a four-month low in July, underscoring the economy’s struggle to make a sustained recovery from its longest stretch of below-par growth in decades. But inflation data offered some cheer.
Factory output data for July 2014, released on Friday, were disappointing, with growth pegged at a modest 0.5 per cent — the lowest this fiscal — against the revised growth level of 3.9 per cent in June.
The IIP performance was weighed down by a contraction in manufacturing, which continues to be a pain point for policymakers, and a fall in growth rates in both electricity generation and mining. India Inc felt the muted industry growth — on the back of negative growth in manufacturing — indicated that a full-fledged recovery was still some distance away though anecdotal evidence suggests some pick up in new orders.
A sustained recovery would be indicated by an improvement in the offtake of commercial credit by industry, said Confederation of Indian Industry Director-General Chandrajit Banerjee, adding that the Government was receptive to industry concerns and industry sentiments were strong.
However, stock markets are expected to shrug off this disappointing factory output data when they open on Monday given the general optimism among investors that the Narendra Modi-led Government will take efforts to cut red tape and revive stalled projects.
Anis Chakravarty, Senior Director for Deloitte in India, said the July IIP numbers showed that mining and electricity were largely in line with expectations though manufacturing again disappointed.
“It is important that the focus on manufacturing is intensified if industry numbers are to pick up. There are risks that electricity numbers will suffer in the coming months which can bring IIP down.”
Price cheer
The disappointment on the industry front was to some extent eased by retail inflation, measured by the consumer price index (CPI), staying under 8 per cent for the third consecutive month in August, at 7.80 per cent. This is lower than 7.96 per cent in July, helped mainly by slower annual increases in the prices of fuel, light and clothes.
Pressure on food still remains with the overall food inflation inching up to 9.42 per cent (9.36 per cent), despite some softening in vegetable price inflation.
The latest retail inflation print has raised hopes that the RBI will be able to keep consumer price based inflation within its 8 per cent goal by January 2015.
Together, the two indices — retail inflation for August and factory output for July — showed mixed signals and indicated that the RBI will keep policy rates unchanged at its review meeting on September 30, say economy watchers.

FMC seeks public comments on new guidelines for surrendering of commodity exchanges  membershipsBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 05:30 PM IST
FMC seeks public comments on new guidelines for surrendering of commodity exchanges' memberships
The exchange should also make sure that the surrender of member is given prominent publicity
Forward Markets Commission (FMC), the commodity markets regulator has invited public comments by 27 September on paying back interest fee deposit to the member on surrendering their membership with the exchange.
FMC has proposed that on receipt of application for surrender of membership from the members, commodity exchanges will have to advertise the same within one month from the date of receipt of such applications.
The regulator has also proposed that in the event of no liability arising on account of the said member's trade the interest free deposit of such member shall be refunded to it by the exchanges at the expiry of one year from the date of publication of such advertisement. So far in absence of norms, exchanges were keeping it for three years. The exchange should also make sure that the surrender of member is given prominent publicity.

Now  exclusive insurance for JainsM Saraswathy & Nupur Anand |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 11:50 PM IST
Now, exclusive insurance for Jains
Put together and subsidised by a community body, and offered by National Insurance, it has had about 100,000 applications
The country’s first insurance policy restricted to a particular faith is ready.
From this month, the Jain community has access to an exclusive insurance policy called Jain Shravak Arogyam, being organised by the Jain International Organisation (JIO). Under this scheme, all Jains can buy an individual mediclaim or a family floater policy. It is being offered by government-owned National Insurance Company and the process is being managed by the Jain Doctors Federation.
An individual can purchase an insurance plan for Rs 2 lakh under mediclaim. Also, a Rs 10-lakh personal accident policy for an earning member and Rs 5 lakh for a non-earning member for personal accidents. There is also a family floater scheme available. A family can purchase an insurance plan for Rs 5 lakh against mediclaim for self, spouse and two dependent children up to 25 years of age. It includes  Rs 10 lakh for an earning member or Rs 5 lakh for a non-earning member under personal accident cover. Under a family floater, either the proposer or any nominated family member can avail of the benefit.
Insurance executives said as it was optional for people, it could be a risky proposition. “There could be a need to revise pricing yearly, depending on claims. If there are anti-selection trends, costs might go up,” said a public sector executive.
JIO has enabled presentation of filled forms, both online and offline. Under this policy, all pre-existing diseases are covered from the outset. The only exception is total knee replacement, covered only after a year from the date of enrolment in the policy. JIO said it had launched this initiative to insure the health of all Jain shravaks & shravikas (male and female disciples).
According to officials, a little more than 100,000 have applied for the scheme across the country. Officials are engaged in collecting the forms, to begin the process of offering the cover.
A Jain religion certificate is compulsory for each person applying for the insurance policy. The word 'Jain' should be mentioned in the school leaving certificate or a letter from the Jain Sangh/S-abha/Samaj/Gyati/Bhavan should validate one as a Jain to be eligible for this cover.
The age limit is from infancy to 80 years, with a sum insured at Rs 2 lakh per individual member. It covers daycare procedures and hospitalisation expenses (excluding cost of organ) on a donor during the course of organ transplant to the insured person. Expenses incurred for ayurvedic or homeopathic treatment are admissible, if the hospital in question is recognised by the government.
Accidental death, permanent total disability and terrorism covers are also included. The premium for a group individual policy is Rs 1,800 (yearly) for a Rs 2-lakh coverage per individual. The room rent restricted to Rs 2,500 a day for a normal room and Rs 4,000 for ICU/ICCU. For a family floater, the yearly premium is Rs 7,200.
Officials said the premiums had been subsidised and the cover would otherwise cost as much as Rs 6,000 for an individual cover and Rs 22,000 for a family floater.
This policy covers 30 days pre-hospitalisation and 60 days post-hospitalisation expenses. While regular individual health insurance products do not offer maternity claim benefits, this scheme offers the benefit after completion of nine months from the date of enrolment in the policy. For normal delivery, maternity benefit of Rs 30,000 is offered; for a C-Sec delivery, it is Rs 35,000. Also, the new-born baby is covered from Day 1, subject to timely enrolment in the policy and this covers reimbursement cases.
Till now, there has not been any exclusive insurance available for any religious community. Individual gurudwaras do take covers specific to its members but large-scale covers for any community are not offered by any insurer in India.
Abroad, there is takaful insurance available for Muslims. This is termed as cooperative insurance, where members contribute a certain sum of money to a common pool. Eeach participant contributes into a fund that is used to support one another, with each participant contributing sufficient amounts to cover expected claims. In India, the current Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority regulations do not have specific provisions for takaful insurance.
 Advertisements

Retail inflation  industrial growth data underline economic uncertaintyHome »   Politics
Retail inflation, industrial growth data underline economic uncertainty
CPI quickens to 7.96% in July due to higher food prices; IIP slows to 1.8% in June from 5.1% in May
The lure of dirty growth
RBI on 5 August kept its key policy rates unchanged and indicated that it was not ready to relax monetary policy yet, despite an easing of consumer price inflation in recent months till June. Photo: Priyanka Parashar/Mint
New Delhi: Consumer price inflation accelerated in July and factory output grew at a slower pace in June, data released on Tuesday showed, dampening hopes of an economic turnaround and increasing the pressure on policymakers struggling to contain prices and revive growth.
Inflation measured by the consumer price index (CPI) quickened to 7.96% in July from 7.46% in June because of higher food and beverage prices. Factory output growth slowed to 3.4% in June from a 19-month high of 5% in May on account of a sharp deceleration in manufacturing activity.
Growth in the manufacturing sector slowed to 1.8% in June from 5.1% in May while the mining and electricity sectors grew at robust pace of 4.3% and 15.7%, respectively.
The median estimate in a Bloomberg survey of 43 analysts was for a 7.4% increase in inflation. A separate survey had forecast a 5.6% gain in the Index of Industrial Production (IIP).
The lower-than-expected growth in IIP came on a negative base a year ago when the index had contracted 1.8%. The low base effect will not be available starting July, because factory output posted growth from July until September 2013.
For the quarter ended June, IIP grew 3.9% compared with a contraction of 0.5% in the year-ago period, which will contribute positively to overall economic growth in the fiscal first quarter. The statistics department is to release first quarter gross domestic product data on 31 August.
The latest indicators show that a recovery in economic growth, which slumped to less than 5% in each of the previous two years, is still to strike strong roots. That’s a concern to the new government, which came to power on the promise of containing inflation and reviving economic growth, as well to the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), which has been deterred by rising prices from cutting interest rates.
Inflation uncertainty exists given that the monsoon, though improving, is still below normal, said Madan Sabnavis , chief economist at Care Ratings, a credit assessor.
“Under these conditions, inflationary expectations would tend to get embedded till the harvest season sets in,” Sabnavis said.
The Economic Survey, released by the finance ministry earlier this month, projected that the Indian economy would expand between 5.4% and 5.9% in the year to 31 March.
“There are uncertainties along the way, including geopolitical risks and the monsoon,” Shubhada Rao , chief economist at Yes Bank Ltd in Mumbai, said before the data. “There are challenges to the central bank target of 6% (CPI inflation by January 2016) which will require improved supply-side measures and a dominant role played by fiscal policy.”
The meteorological department on Tuesday cut its forecast for overall monsoon rainfall to 87% of the long-period average from 93% because of deficient rainfall in June and July while predicting near-normal rain in August and September.
In June, the volatile capital goods sector that represents investment demand in the economy grew 23%, while consumer durables surprised with a sharp contraction by 23.4%.
In terms of industries, 15 out of the 22 industry groups in the manufacturing sector posted growth in June compared with the corresponding month of the previous year.
The weaker-than-expected IIP growth in June, in spite of a sharp pickup in core sector data and healthy exports, highlights that the recovery in the domestic growth momentum is yet to become broad-based, said Aditi Nayar , senior economist at Icra Ltd .
“The sharp contraction in consumer durables output in June was partly on account of buyers refraining from big ticket purchases with a weak start to the monsoon season dampening consumer confidence,” she said.
Investor sentiment has improved significantly since a Bharatiya Janata Party-led government took office on 26 May under Prime Minister Narendra Modi after winning the April-May general election.
The government has subsequently announced measures to boost manufacturing and foreign direct investment, including in defence manufacturing, railways and insurance. In his maiden budget, finance minister Arun Jaitley boosted spending on infrastructure and announced incentives for manufacturers.
The government has also unveiled a slew of anti-inflationary measures by asking state governments to crack down on hoarders and fixing minimum export prices for onions and potatoes to discourage overseas shipments and increase local supply.
Such measures haven’t had much effect. In July, vegetable prices rose 16.88% from 8.73% a month ago, while prices of fruits rose 22.48% in the same month from 20.64% in June. Prices of clothing, bedding and footwear rose 8.73% in July from 8.65% in June.
The RBI on 5 August kept its key policy rates unchanged and indicated that it was not ready to relax monetary policy yet.
RBI kept the repo rate, at which it infuses liquidity in the system, at 8%, and the reverse repo rate, at which it drains liquidity from the system, at 7%, while lowering the statutory liquidity ratio, or the portion of deposits that banks must invest in government bonds, by half-a-percentage point to 22% to free up funds for lending when credit growth picks up.
With the goal of lowering consumer price inflation to 8% by January 2015 within sight, RBI signalled that its focus has now shifted to its target of bringing it down further to 6% by January 2016, which may require interest rates to stay at or near current levels.
Explaining its stance in the policy statement, RBI said upside risks to the target of bringing inflation down to below 8% by January 2015 remain, although the risks are less pronounced now than in June.
“It is, therefore, appropriate to continue maintaining a vigilant monetary policy stance as in June, while leaving the policy rate unchanged,” said an RBI statement.

When should you invest in fixed maturity plansHi Guest
When should you invest in fixed maturity plans
When an important investment instrument suddenly becomes unattractive, investors wonder whether they should put money in these at all. After the presentation of Union Budget 2014-15, many are thinking on the same lines about fixed maturity plans (FMPs). A particular change in taxation norms---now, an investor in a debt fund redeeming between one and three years will have to pay tax according to her/his income tax bracket---has stumped many. Earlier, if one remained invested in an FMP for ...

V Krishna Murthy award conferred on Nandan NilekaniV Krishna Murthy award conferred on Nandan Nilekani
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 12:  
Nandan Nilekani, the former Chairman of Unique Identification Authority of India (UDAI), has been conferred with V Krishna Murthy Award for Excellence.
The former CEO of Infosys received the award from Tamil Nadu Governor K Rosaiah here on Friday at the Centre for Organisation Development (COD).
Krishna Murthy was instrumental in turning around public sector giants BHEL and SAIL. He also helped Maruti to make a mark in the automobile sector.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Slideshow

Industrial production growth slows to 4-month low of 0.5 pctBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Retail inflation eases to 7.8% in AugustBSE 26816.56(-244.48)
NSE 8042.00(-63.50)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114091201014
News ians
Press Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 07:33 PM IST
Retail inflation eases to 7.8% in August
Retail food inflation rose to 9.42% in August compared to 9.36% in July
Easing prices of vegetables, cereals and petroleum products brought down retail inflation marginally to 7.8% in August.
Consumer Price Index (CPI) based or retail inflation stood at 7.96% in July. In August 2013, retail inflation was at 9.52%.
However, food inflation during the month under review rose to 9.42% over 9.36% in July, an official release said today.
The rate of price rise in vegetables stood at 15.15% in August as against 16.88% in the previous month.
Rate of price increase in cereals and its products turned lower at 7.39% and that for fuel and light it came down at 4.15%.
However, prices of fruits during the month went up with 24.27% rate of inflation.
Inflation in milk and milk products increased to 11.70% during the month under review. Also, pulses and its products were costlier at 6.88%.
Amongst others, food and beverages witnessed no change in price rise at 9.16%, while non-alcoholic beverages prices went down at 6.24% in August.
Eggs, fish and meat were costlier at 7.71% during the month.
Inflation in rural and urban areas in August was 8.35% and 7.04%, respectively. In July, it was 8.37% and 7.42%.
The Reserve Bank will unveil its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement on September 30, 2014.
In its last policy statement in August, RBI had kept key interest rates unchanged--third time in row -- in view of the inflationary expectations and uncertain monsoon conditions.
 Advertisements

J&K Bank reopens 115 of its 300 flood affected branchesSomasroy Chakraborty |  Kolkata Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 11:54 PM IST
J&K Bank re-opens 115 of its 300 flood-affected branches
Says customer data, records, cash are safe
Jammu and Kashmir Bank (J&K Bank) has re-opened 115 of its more than 300 flood-affected branches in the state of Jammu & Kashmir, its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Mushtaq Ahmad said on Friday. The bank plans to operationalise more branches in the next few days but expects normalcy to return only after issues pertaining to electricity and connectivity are restored.
“Once the situation improves, we will be able to assess the extent of losses. This has been a huge calamity and it will take some time for us to return to normalcy. But we want to assure all our stakeholders that our data, customer records and cash are safe,” Ahmad told Business Standard.
The lender has 683 branches in the state, of its total of 818 branches. The flood has affected more than 300 of the bank’s branches. “We have facilities in Srinagar, Gurgaon, Noida and Mumbai. Whenever there is a calamity like this we shift our operations to one of the safer facilities. Hence, we have been able to protect all our data and records,” Ahmad said.
He, however, admitted that due to the flood the bank’s borrowers in the state may find it difficult to repay their loans on time. “People have suffered losses. So, naturally there will be some pressure (on their ability to repay).But we expect some special dispensation package will be offered since it is a natural calamity,” Ahmad said.
As perthe Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) guidelines lenders are allowed to restructureloans of borrowers affected by natural calamities as their ability to repay getseverely impaired.
In all cases of restructuring, RBI has suggested that atleast one year of moratorium period should be considered by banks. Also,lenders have been asked not to insist for additional collateral security forsuch restructured loans.
"Assetclassification for (such) restructured loans will remain the same as prevalentat the time of restructuring for a period of one year as per extant guidelinesfor restructured loans," RBI said in its master circular detailing theguidelines for relief measures by banks in areas affected by natural calamitieson July 1, 2014.
 Advertisements

Fosun restarts Club Med takeover battleLast updated: September 12, 2014 7:29 pm
Fosun restarts Club Med takeover battle with higher bid
By Adam Thomson in Paris and Patti Waldmeir in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b7eaaa24-3a5f-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anxious Scots open English bank accountsSeptember 12, 2014 1:04 pm
Scots vote with feet by opening English bank accounts
By Chris Tighe and Andrew Bounds
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/ff9344d4-39fc-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Barclays needs hands-on McFarlane© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0c16762e-3a5a-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Telangana textile mills seek investment subsidy  quality power supplyTelangana textile mills seek investment subsidy, quality power supply
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 12:  
Telangana Textile Mills Association has asked the State Government to a host of incentives including investment and interest subsidies in the proposed new industrial policy.
As the Telangana consumes only about one million bales of a total production of five million bales in the State, spinning and textile industry needed encouragement from the Government, according to V V Bhujanga Rao, secretary of the association.
The spinning sector and technical textiles would need a minimum capital/investment of 20 per cent and 30 per cent respectively with interest subsidy benefit, he said in a release issued here on Friday.
Setting up of incubation centres on lines of central government scheme for apparel and garments units with all necessary infrastructures to be given on lease with nominal rent to the entrepreneurs, the association suggested.
Reimbursement of 50 per cent of value added tax/central sales tax or states good and services tax for a period of five years was also requested.
The Government should consider promoting mega textile projects with an investment of Rs 100 crore plus a minimum employment generation for 600. Mega projects should be made eligible for all the incentives available for large industries with 100 per cent reimbursement of central or state taxes.
The industry was suffering losses due power cuts to the tune of 30 to 50 per cent for the last five years and quality power supply should be ensured round the clock. ``In case of shortage, industry should be allowed to purchase power under open access system without any cross subsidy,’’ the association said.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

July IIP slumps to 0.5%  boiling vegetable prices keep CPI at 7.8%Malini Bhupta |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 10:36 PM IST
Industrial, inflation data show imbalances persist
Inflation trajectory does not match the slump in demand, prolonged pause on rates likely
The macroeconomic data releases on Friday — inflation and industrial production — suggest the structural imbalances in the economy have not been eliminated. Industrial production growth as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) slumped to 0.5 per cent in July from 3.4 per cent in the previous month. While economists were expecting industrial output to decline, the July figure is well below the Street’s estimate of two per cent.
Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation in August also gives little comfort, as it eased to 7.8 per cent, a tad below the previous month’s 7.96 per cent. While CPI-based inflation continues to be marginally below the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s target of eight per cent in 2015, economists believe inflation is still high, given the current environment. Dhananjay Sinha, economist and strategist at Emkay Global, says: “The data do not reflect that there is an inflection yet and that RBI will hold on. For the current level of growth, the inflation is very high. Lower growth and poor demand should reflect in prices but that is not happened. There is no comfort on inflation yet and the central bank is unlikely to ease.” The buoyancy seen in industrial output in the first quarter of FY15 was largely due to higher consumption followed by excise duty cuts and higher government spending. Also, export orders contributed but with these moderating, the second quarter output is expected to remain between 1.75 per cent and two per cent.
Clustering of demand and excise duty cut led to demand improvement in consumer demand but industrial data for July shows consumer durable growth continues to be weak. The positive surprise witnessed in the first quarter is unlikely to persist. Consequently, economic growth is expected to remain in the range of 5.2-5.5 per cent and not inch closer to six per cent.
The inflation print continues to look worrying. In August, a large part of the rise in prices has been driven by a 16.8 per cent increase in vegetable prices. Though core inflation has declined to 6.9 per cent from 7.1 per cent, it is evident food prices will continue to be a problem for the government. So far, there is no evidence of the government coming up with a solution to tame this. For now, RBI will continue to hold rates, till there is greater comfort on prices.
 Advertisements

Larsen & Toubro bags Rs 1 885 cr order from NTPCPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 07:24 PM IST
Larsen & Toubro bags Rs 1,885 cr order from NTPC
Infrastructure major Larsen & Toubro (L&T) today said it has bagged a Rs 1,885 crore contract from NTPC for setting up steam generators for Tanda Thermal Power Plant in Uttar Pradesh.
Infrastructure major Larsen & Toubro (L&T) today said it has bagged a Rs 1,885 crore contract from NTPC for setting up steam generators for Tanda Thermal Power Plant in Uttar Pradesh.
"L&T through its joint venture company L&T-MHPS Boilers Private Limited (LMB) has secured an order worth Rs 1,885 crore from NTPC. The contract includes setting up of two units of 660 MW each supercritical steam generators for Tanda Thermal Power Plant Stage-II on an engineering, procurement and construction basis," the company said in a statement.
LMB's scope includes design, engineering, supply, construction, erection, testing, commissioning and conducting performance guarantee of two coal-fired steam generator units with supercritical parameters.
The project site is located on the banks of the Tanda canal near Bahadurpur village in the Ambedkar Nagar district of Uttar Pradesh.
LMB is currently executing 11 units of similar large capacity steam generators (660/700 MW) in India totaling 7340 MW. LMB also caters to markets in countries like Taiwan, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the Philippines for engineering services and supply of pressure parts and pulverisers.
Shares of the company closed at Rs 1,578.85 apiece on the BSE, down 1.10 per cent from previous close.
 Advertisements

Bharti Airtel launches 3G network in African nation TchadPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 07:18 PM IST
Bharti Airtel launches 3G network in African nation Tchad
Telecom major Bharti Airtel today announced the launch of its 3G service in African country Tchad following recent award of licence for high speed internet services by the Tchadian government.
Telecom major Bharti Airtel today announced the launch of its 3G service in African country Tchad following recent award of licence for high speed internet services by the Tchadian government.
The company announced the launch at an event which was attended by Tchadian President Idriss Deby, the Mauritanian Head of State, Mohamed Ould Abdelaziz and Goodluck Jonathan, the President of the Republic of Nigeria, Airtel said in a statement released here.
"The launch of the 3G network in the country goes in line with the Government commitment to Chadians to make the country become a technology hub in Africa. The private sector contributes a lot to the access of internet and we wish Airtel success with its new 3G network project," Tchadian President Idriss Deby said.
With this launch, Tchad has become 16th 3G market of Airtel in Africa. The company operates in 17 African countries.
The company is left with Nigeria where it has to launch its 3G service.
"With a licence already granted in Niger, services will also be launched within the fiscal year," the statement said.
"Our 3G platform will allow our customers to combine the enormous potential of the internet with the convenience of cellular phones and other mobile devices," Airtel Tchad, Managing Director Salia Gbane said.
According to data from McKinsey & Co, there are currently about 400 million mobile subscribers in Africa.
 Advertisements

Model pact for developing CIL mines under PPP in final stagePress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 07:18 PM IST
Model pact for developing CIL mines under PPP in final stage
The model contract agreement on public-private partnership mode for developing Coal India mines is in the final stage of approval.
The model contract agreement on public-private partnership mode for developing Coal India mines is in the final stage of approval.
"In consonance to the policy of GoI (Government of India) and further production capabilities of CIL, it has now been decided to work some of the mines of CIL through PPP mode. The model Contract Agreement (MCA) is in the final stage of approval by CIL board of directors," Coal India said in a report.
Under the public private partnership (PPP) model, the mine operator will develop and operate the mine, CIL said, adding that the contract will be for 15 years initially and the operators shall carry all the activities as per the approved project report of the block.
The government had earlier said that an explored green- field coal mine in Mahanadi coalfields is being taken up as a pilot project under PPP and the model concession agreement has been prepared by the Planning Commission for further discussions.
Coal India Ltd (CIL) board had earlier also discussed about concession agreement pertaining to PPP model.
The previous government had said there was a need to devise a policy on public-private framework with CIL as one of its partners to reduce the country's increasing dependence on imported coal.
CIL, which accounts for over 80% of the domestic coal output, missed the production target last fiscal and produced only 462 million tonnes (MT) of coal in 2013-14 as against the target of 482 MT.
Coal import increased by 17.9% to 171 million tonnes (mt) in 2013-14. Coal import was 145 million tonnes in 2012-13.
 Advertisements

Fortis to divest stake in Singapore-based RadLinkBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 07:18 PM IST
Fortis to divest stake in Singapore-based RadLink
Fortis Healthcare Singapore Pte Ltd, a subsidiary of Fortis Healthcare International, is divesting all its stake in diagnostic and molecular imaging unit RadLink-Asia Pte Ltd, the parent company said in a statement on Friday. Malaysia's IHH Healthcare Bhd, Asia's largest hospital operator by stock market value, will buy the assets for 137 million Singaporean dollars (around $108.5 million)."The deal will be successfully closed following the necessary statutory and regulatory approvals as per loc
Fortis Healthcare Singapore Pte Ltd, a subsidiary of Fortis Healthcare International, is divesting all its stake in diagnostic and molecular imaging unit RadLink-Asia Pte Ltd, the parent company said in a statement on Friday.
Malaysia's IHH Healthcare Bhd, Asia's largest hospital operator by stock market value, will buy the assets for 137 million Singaporean dollars (around $108.5 million).
"The deal will be successfully closed following the necessary statutory and regulatory approvals as per local requirements," Fortis said.
J P Morgan and Religare Capital Markets acted as financial advisors to Fortis for this transaction.
Fortis, which is on a selling-spree since 2013, is planning to focus on India now. The company is also in the process of expanding its hospital chain across the domestic market. During fiscal year 2014, Fortis added over 800 beds to its network in India. In May 2013, it launched the Fortis Memorial Research Institute in Gurgaon and in January 2014, it commissioned a 260 bed facility in Ludhiana. A large facility in Chennai (Arcot Road) is also nearing completion and is expected to be commissioned in the next few months.
Malvinder Singh, Executive Chairman, and Shivinder Singh, Executive Vice Chairman, Fortis Healthcare Limited, said "This is in line with our strategic decision to intensify our focus on our core hospital and diagnostics business in India. Our international healthcare businesses have all done well. The significant value that we have created, is now being unlocked and will be ploughed back to strengthen our growth in India."
 

Omar announces 100 crore each for Jammu  Kashmir valley#kashmir floods #relief package #omar abdullah #army #ndrf
Srinagar: Getting its act together after being initially numbed by last week's devastating floods, Jammu and Kashmir government on Friday announced financial and other assistance to those hit by the disaster, including assistance of Rs 100 crore each to the Jammu region and the Kashmir valley and supply of free ration for six months.
Grappling with the worst deluge in over 100 years, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah said that 137 relief camps had been set up in the Valley where over one lakh people were being attended to.
Omar, who is operating out of a makeshift office with the main secretariat building under water, told a press conference at Srinagar airport that he had sent a team of six senior ministers led by Finance Minister Abdul Rahim Rather to brief Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other central ministers about the situation in the state.
Getting its act together after being initially numbed by last week's devastating floods, Jammu and Kashmir government on Friday announced financial and other assistance to those hit by the disaster, including assistance of Rs 100 crore each to the Jammu region and the Kashmir valley and supply of free ration for six months.
An all-party meeting has been called by the Chief Minister tomorrow to discuss the situation in the state arising out of the worst disaster in living memory.
"We will seek suggestions from other parties to improve the relief and rescue operations in the state," he said. Disclosing a slew of decisions taken by the state government, Omar announced an ex-gratia of Rs 3.5 lakh to kin of those killed in the floods and financial assistance of Rs 75,000 as initial instalment for those who lost their homes for rebuilding them.
The ex-gratia for the kin of the deceased will include Rs 2 lakh announced by the Prime Minister earlier.
The Chief Minister said free ration will be supplied to the affected for six months which includes 50 kgs of rice and "I have asked authorities not to insist on documents."
Omar suggested that the relief should be paid in cash as was done in the case of affected people in the Uri earthquake in 2005 and Ladakh cloud burst.
"There should be not much of government role. Let people build their homes themselves," he said and announced that cement and timber can be arranged from government depots and steel can be provided by the SAIL.
He sought setting up of insurance camps in the state for settling claims and also requested the Centre to direct the insurance companies to cover damage due to floods while deciding on the compensation.
Omar said that medicines and disinfectants like chlorine, phenyl and DDT have been airlifted for supply in the affected areas to prevent any water-borne diseases.
"Clean drinking water is a problem. I have asked authorities to use the medicine liberally to reduce chances of disease," Omar said, adding eight water filtration plans had been brought which will distribute drinking water.
The Chief Minister refused to give any time line for complete restoration of power supply. It had come down to 100 MW when water levels increased but now "we have reached 480 MW."

India s forex reserves down by $1.32 bnIndia's forex reserves down by $1.32 bn
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
Falling to a near-eight week low, India's foreign exchange reserves fell by $1.327 billion to $317.313 billion in the week to September 5, as the country's central bank sold dollars to prevent currency volatility.
Foreign currency assets, a key component of reserves, fell by $1.029 billion to $290.364 billion, RBI’s weekly statistical statement showed.After remaining unchanged for many weeks, gold reserves too fell by $241 million to $20.933 billion.
Governor Raghuram Rajan last week said that RBI is preparing for the withdrawal exit from low rates by the US policy makers by building ‘adequate level’ of reserves and curbing volatility in foreign exchange market.
The forex reserves had ended marginally higher by $60.5 million ($0.060 billion) to $318.640 billion as on week ended August 29.
According to reports, India's reserves now covers about eight months of import bill.
For the reporting quarter ending September 5, Special Drawing Rights (SDRs) fell by $41.6 million to $4.34 billion and India's reserve position with the International Monetary Fund was down $16 million to $1.67 billion, RBI data said.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Naidu seeks higher devolution  Rs 1.3 lakh cr capital for developmentNaidu seeks higher devolution, Rs 1.3 lakh cr capital for development
Our Bureau
14th Finance Commission asked to consider special circumstances
Hyderabad, Sept.12:  
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu today sought liberal Central Government financial support in view of the special circumstances the State is faced with, including Rs 1,30,000 crore for development of a new capital.
Interacting with the members of the 14th Finance Commission at a meeting held in Tirupati today, Naidu said that the commission would find the State position unique and help it occupy the rightful place among the comity of states by enabling him to rebuild the economy and physical infrastructure as early as possible.
The Chairman of the commission, Y.V.Reddy, other members Abhijit Sen, Sushma Nath, Govinda Rao, Mundle and other officials of the commission were present during the meeting where the State presented a memorandum.
Naidu said, “We are meeting at a time when AP has no capital, no infrastructure worth the name and the institutions built over the last 60 years in Hyderabad are no longer available to the State. The State is forced to recreate them in its own territory.”
He said it is estimated that in developing Hyderabad as a capital city Rs 1.40 lakh crore were invested by the Central Government, Rs 5.89 lakh crore by the State Government and Rs 6 lakh crore by private sector. The State of AP has not been provided commensurate compensation for the loss of assets.
The State Chief Minister sought to highlight that a more equitable and judicious division relating to finances would not have placed the Andhra Pradesh in a position it finds in at present.
He said that the State believes that 50 per cent of the Central Taxes should be devolved to States.
Given the special circumstances the new State is now in, the Chief Minister sought relaxation of the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management Act, and the fiscal deficit to 7 per cent for the next five years. Without such flexibility, it would be difficult to create basic infrastructure in new capital which is prerequisite for effective governance.
The State is also banking on special status and incentives to secure finances to develop other infrastructure.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Protection of auto industry cannot be forever: Commerce Secy Rajeev KherBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Maharashtra and Haryana go for elections on October 15IANS |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 07:51 PM IST
Maharashtra and Haryana go for elections on October 15
Counting of votes to be conducted on October 19, 2014
In the biggest electoral test after the Lok Sabha battle, Congress-ruled Haryana and Maharashtra will go to the polls Oct 15 and the results will be declared Oct 19.
Chief Election Commissioner V S Sampath said by-elections will also be held Oct 15 for the Lok Sabha seats of Beed (Maharashtra) and Kandhamal (Odisha) following death of incumbent MPs and the assembly seats of Kanubari (Arunachal Pradesh), Hiyanglam (Manipur), Northern Angami-II (Nagaland), Kairana (Uttar Pradesh) and Rajkot West (Gujarat).
Sampath said the poll panel was "watching closely" the situation in flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir, and voting dates for Kashmir and Jharkhand would be announced later.
Sampath said the model code of conduct would come into immediate effect, involving both Haryana and Maharashtra governments as well as the central government vis-a-vis decisions linked to the two states.
Asked about the Narendra Modi's governments announcements regarding its 100 days in office, he said the government was free to go ahead with it as long as the election-bound states were kept out.
The last day for filing nominations is Sep 27, and candidates can withdraw from the contest by Oct 1.
Haryana will have 16,244 polling stations and Maharashtra 90,403.
Haryana has 90 assembly seats and Maharashtra 288. Ever since Modi led it to a sweeping win in the Lok Sabha, leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party have vowed to seize power in Haryana and Maharashtra.
In the Lok Sabha elections, BJP bagged seven seats of the 10 parliamentary seats in Haryana. The Congress got only one. Out of Maharashtra's 48 seats, the saffron party won 23, while its ally Shiv Sena bagged 18. The Congress could get only two seats, while its ally the Nationalist Congress Party bagged four seats.
In both states, the BJP is already flexing its muscles. The BJP has dumped its Lok Sabha ally, the Haryana Janhit Congress. Its leaders in Maharashtra do not want to play second fiddle any more to the Shiv Sena.
The BJP is keen to unseat the Congress in both the states to overcome the embarrassing setbacks it has faced in by-elections in some states since the Lok Sabha victory.
Sampath put the number of voters in Haryana at 16 million and in Maharashtra at 82 million. He promised to ensure free and fair polls apart from creating a proper atmosphere for the conduct of the elections.
The poll panel chief had a word of caution for officials who will be involved in the electoral process.
"The (Election) Commission expects all officials engaged in the conduct of elections to discharge their duties in an impartial manner without any fear or favour," he said.
He said comprehensive instructions had been issued to effectively monitor the election expenditure of the candidates.
This would involve deploying flying squads, static surveillance and video surveillance teams, as well as the income tax department and state excise departments.
General observers "have been asked to keep a close watch at every stage of the electoral process to ensure free and fair elections", Sampath said.
Asked about the political impasse in Delhi, now under President's Rule, Sampath said: "We are only concerned when elections are held. Government formation is not in our purview."
 Advertisements

IOCL Paradeep refinery to be commissioned in early 2015BS Reporter |  Bhubaneswar Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 08:38 PM IST
IOCL Paradeep refinery to go on stream in early 2015
Country's largest strategic oil reserve facility at Chandikhol
The 15 million tonne oil refinery of Indian Oil Corporation Ltd (IOCL) at Paradeep running behind schedule, is gearing up for commissioning by early 2015.
“The IOCL refinery at Paradeep, the largest in the public sector, is nearing completion. The refinery would be commissioned by early 2015,” Union minister for petroleum & natural gas Dharmendra Pradhan said here.
He said, Rs 34,000 crore has already been invested on the IOCL refinery.
IOCL had signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with the state government in February 2004 to set up a 15 million tonne refinery along with a petrochemical complex at Paradeep envisaging a total investment of Rs 60,000 crore.
While IOCL went ahead with its refinery project, it had kept in abeyance the petrochemical complex, citing financial constraints.
Asked on the petrochemical complex, Pradhan said, “The polypropylene unit of the petrochemical chemical complex would be inaugurated next month.”
The polypropylene unit would cost Rs 3,150 crore. Earlier, Pradhan met chief minister Naveen Patnaik and reviewed the status of IOCL refinery and the upcoming PCPIR (petroleum, chemicals and petrochemicals investment region) hub. The PCPIR is planned across 284 sq km in Kendrapara and Jagatsinghpur districts and is expected to attract investments to the tune of Rs 2.74 lakh crore.
“At the review meeting, we reiterated our demand for starting the petrochemical complex. Unless the petrochemical complex comes up, investments to the PCPIR hub will suffer. We have also urged IOCL to pick up equity in the plastic park being developed by Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation (Idco),” said state industries minister Debi Prasad Mishra.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik said, “We reviewed the status of IOCL refinery and other projects with the Union minister of petroleum & natural gas and his team. We requested the Centre to take steps for value addition so that it creates more employment and revenue for the state.”
Meanwhile, the ministry of petroleum & natural gas has announced an investment of Rs 3,800 crore to develop the biggest strategic petroleum reserve in the country in Odisha.
“The strategic petroleum reserve will come up at Chandikhole. We have requested the state government to allot 400 acres. The reserve will have a storage capacity of 3.7 million tonne. The reserve will help meet the country's fuel need in time of crisis,” Pradhan said.
Presently, there are three strategic oil reserves in the country — Vizag (Andhra Pradesh) and Manmgalore and Padur, both in Karnataka. Four more oil reserves have been proposed at Bikaner (Rajasthan), Rajkot (Gujarat), Padur (Karnataka) and Chandikhole (Odisha).
 Advertisements

Irda asks life insurers to have  humane  approach for J&K claimsBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 07:54 PM IST
Irda asks life insurers to have 'humane' approach for J&K claims
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today asked life insurers to extend every possible facilitation in quick and timely settlement of life insurance claims to the affected people of the state of Jammu & Kashmir, which is affected by massive floods.
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) today asked life insurers to extend every possible facilitation in quick and timely settlement of life insurance claims to the affected people of the state of Jammu & Kashmir, which is affected by massive floods.
Under this, Irda has told all life insurers to nominate a senior officer who would act as the Nodal Officer in the state for coordinating/ expediting settlement of all the claims that are reported. The nominated nodal officers may be also advised to contact the Chief Secretary / Officer concerned of the state of Jammu and Kashmir to discuss facilitation measures.
Further, they have been asked to initiate immediate action to ensure that all initial claims are registered and eligible claims are settled expeditiously. With regard to claims involving loss of life, where difficulty is experienced in obtaining a death certificate, due to non-recovery of the body etc., the process followed in the case of the last year's Uttarakhand floods may be followed.
Insurers are also needed to submit a progress report on the claims settled, on weekly basis to the Authority. The weekly report has to be filed until the expiry of twelve months from the date of the instructions or settlement of all reported claims whichever is earlier.
Presently, companies like ICICI Prudential Life, PNB Metlife Insurance and Bajaj Allianz General Insurance have taken steps for dealing with J&K claims. Bajaj Allianz General Insurance has come up with a dedicated helpline number for the J&K flood victims. The customers can reach out to the insurer through this number to register their claims or seek any claims related assistance. A special team has been formed in the Company to handle these cases and efforts shall be made to settle maximum claims on priority.
Similarly, ICICI Prudential Life will initiate claims settlement on the basis of only three documents; which include a death certificate issued by the hospital/armed forces or police, a written claim intimation and a copy of the photo identity of the claimant or nominee. The Company has a dedicated helpline number to assist claimants with information on making claims.
PNB Metlife has set up dedicated Claim Processing Camps in the valley to support disaster victims with the support of Jammu & Kashmir Bank. The camps aim to ensure hassle free claim settlement for the customers across the valley. In view of the grim situation, the claim process has been simplified and requires minimal documentation.
 Advertisements

Irda allows insurers to invest in LTBs for financing infra and affordable housingBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 11:55 PM IST
Nod for insurers to buy infra bonds
In July 2014, RBI permitted banks to issue long term bonds for financing infrastructure and affordable housing
Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) has allowed insurers to invest in Long Term Bonds for financing infrastructure and affordable housing issued by banks.
In July 2014, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) permitted banks to issue long term bonds for financing infrastructure and affordable housing.
The insurance regulator said that it has examined the RBI circular and will permit Insurers to reckon such Investments in the Long Term Bonds issued by Banks towards mandatory 'Infrastructure& Housing sector' exposure requirements in case of life insurers.
In case of general insurers, it will be under 'Infrastructure or Housing sector'.
Irda has said that these Investments will continue to be governed by exposure limits of BFSI. The rating requirements will qualify as 'Approved Investment' are as per existing Investment Regulations.
The regulator said that since the banks issue Long Term Bonds towards the dual purpose i.e. Financing Infrastructure and Affordable Housing, Investment Committee of insurers shall ensure to have robust mechanism on classification of such investment to qualify as Infrastructure or Housing Sector exposure considering predominant objectives of the offer.
 Advertisements

FIIs need RBI nod to buy further shares in Yes BankFIIs need RBI nod to buy further shares in Yes Bank
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
Yes Bank’s equity share purchase by foreign investors will be allowed only after obtaining the RBI approval as it had reached the trigger limit, the central bank notified on Friday.
“The Reserve Bank of India has today notified that the foreign shareholding through Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs)/Non Resident Indian (NRI)/ Persons of Indian Origin (PIO)/ Foreign Direct Investment (FDI)/American Depository Receipt (ADR)/Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) in Yes Bank Ltd has reached the trigger limit.
“Therefore, further purchases of equity shares of this bank would be allowed only after obtaining prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India,” RBI said in a notification.
RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis. To effectively monitor the limit, RBI has fixed cut-off points two percentage points lower than the actual ceiling.
FIIs held 45.04 per cent shares in Yes Bank as of quarter ended June 2014, according to BSE data.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Insurance Bill: LIC  other insurers made presentations before Parliament select panelPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 11:57 PM IST
Insurers meet Parliament select panel
It was the second meeting of the panel. It would meet again on Sept 19 and 26 to expedite firming up report
Moving expeditiously on the controversial Insurance Bill, the Parliament’s select committee on Friday heard views of LIC and other public sector insurers, and decided to meet every Friday to fast-track the scrutiny report.
“Secretaries in the different departments of the government and representatives of insurance companies made representations before the committee,” sources said.
They further said the views of different parties on the key economic Bill would be known only during the discussion after stakeholder consultations.
It was the second meeting of the panel. It would meet again on September 19 and 26 to expedite firming up report.
After first meeting of the panel earlier this month, committee chairman Chandan Mitra had said: "We will try to submit our report on the Insurance Bill by the third week of November".
The 15-member panel headed by the senior BJP leader also recorded "oral evidence" of representatives of General Insurance Council, a body set up by insurance regulator IRDA.
Besides, top officials of ministries of Corporate Affairs, Finance, Law and Justice Ministry and Commerce presented their views on the bill.
The bill, which proposes to hike the FDI limit in the insurance sector to 49 per cent, has been caught in a logjam with the Congress-led opposition insisting that it be referred to a select committee.
Bowing to opposition pressure, the government had agreed to refer the controversial bill to the committee.
The committee members would also be visiting Mumbai and Chennai to meet stakeholders to understand and record their views on the Bill.
The members of the committee are Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi and Jagat Prakash Nadda (all BJP), Anand Sharma, B K Hariprasad and JD Seelam (all Cong), Satish Chandra Misra (BSP), K C Tyagi (JD-U), Derek O'Brien (TMC), V Maitreyan (AIADMK), Naresh Gujral (SAD), Ram Gopal Yadav (SP), Kalpataru Das (BJD), P Rajiv (CPI-M) and Rajiv Chandrasekhar (Ind).
The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill 2008 seeks to amend the Insurance Act, 1938, the General Insurance Business (Nationalisation) Act, 1972 and the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority Act, 1999.
 Advertisements

UK announces plans to sell first RMB bondAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Navy searches for pilot after jets crash intoseaPrint
Associated Press | Washington | Posted: September 12, 2014 9:08 pm
Pentagon officials say two U.S. Navy jets have crashed into the western Pacific Ocean and that one pilot was rescued and a search is on for the other.
The F/A-18 Hornet fighter jets were from Carrier Air Wing 17 based at Naval Air Station Lemoore in California’s San Joaquin Valley. The air wing is embarked on the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson.
The Navy says the rescued pilot was returned to the carrier and is being treated. It says the planes haven’t been recovered.
Officials say other aircraft still in the air in the vicinity were safely recovered.
An F/A-18E Super Hornet crashed in June as it prepared to land on the Carl Vinson off the Southern California coast. The pilot was able to eject safely.

EC says monitoring situation for holding bypolls inDelhiPrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 8:58 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 9:06 pm
The Election Commission is monitoring developments related to government formation in the national capital and will accordingly take a decision on holding bypolls to three vacant assembly seats, Chief Election Commission V S Sampath on Friday said.
The poll body, however, added that although it was monitoring the situation, the process of government formation was beyond its jurisdiction.
“Three seats…we are watching. We still have some time. If there is a dissolution then there is no point holding the elections. If there is formation of a government then we will see (on when to conduct elections).
“The Commission will be in readiness whenever there will be polls but as far as government formation in Delhi is concerned, it is not under our purview,” Sampath said in a response to a question.
Delhi’s Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung has already written to the President seeking his advice on whether the BJP, being the single largest party, should be invited to form a government. However, the saffron party lacks majority.
In the 70-member Delhi assembly, BJP won 31 seats in the assembly elections held in December last year. But three seats fell vacant as its legislators Ramesh Kumar Bidhuri, Harsh Vardhan and Parvesh Verma were elected as MPs.
After their election to the Lok Sabha, the trio resigned from their assembly seats bringing the BJP’s tally to 28.

PM seeks people s views on his  Clean India  missionPM seeks people's views on his 'Clean India' mission
PTI  New Delhi, September 12, 2014
First Published: 20:35 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:40 IST(12/9/2014)
Comments
Reaching out to people for his ambitious project for a clean India, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday sought their views on the contours of 'Mission Swachh Bharat' to be launched on October 2, the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
Modi linked cleanliness to tourism and global interest in India and stressed that world-class levels of hygiene and sanitation are required in the top 50 tourist destinations to bring about a 'paradigm shift' in the global perception about the country.
"Mission Swacch Bharat aspires to realise Gandhiji's dream of a Clean India through Jan Bhagidari (people's participation). Together we can make a big difference.
"Please share your inputs in making Mission Swacch Bharat a success and laying the foundations of a 'Clean India' on mygov.nic.in/group_info/swachh-bharat-clean-india," he said, according to a PMO statement.
He mentioned about his vision of solid waste management and waste water management through the PPP model in 500 towns and cities across India.
Chairing a high-level meeting here Thursday, Modi had called for turning 'Swacch Bharat' into a mass movement and linking it to economic activity to ensure greater participation.
He said the meeting was 'very fruitful'. Government offices up to panchayat level will be involved in a cleanliness drive that shall be carried out from September 25 till Diwali which falls on October 23.
Modi had earlier invited ideas from people on the new institution to replace the Planning Commission which, he had announced on August 15, will soon be scrapped.

Snapshot: Army spearheads relief and rescue operations in flood-hit J&K#jammu and kashmir floods #army #iaf #rescue #floods #kashmir #jammu
It is almost ten days since flash floods triggered by heavy rains have beem wreaking havoc in Jammu and Kashmir. With many of the areas inaccessible and out of reach, Army, Air Force and Navy personnel have been trying hard to rescue each of the stranded person and bring relief material to them.
Army and Indian Air Force teams in action during relief and rescue operations being carried out in flood-affected J&K
An Indian Forces relief and rescue team assisting stranded persons while getting down from an IAF helicopter during relief and rescue operations being carries out in flood affected J&K
Air Vice Marshal Upkarjit Singh, the Air Officer Commanding, Jammu & Kashmir area briefing media on the ongoing flood relief operations in Srinagar
Stranded people being carried to a safer place by an Indian Air Force aircraft during relief and rescue operations in J&K
Stranded peopel boarding an Indian Air Force aircraft during relief and rescue operations being carried out by armed forces in flood affected J&K
Rescued persons in jubilant mood at Srinagar airport amidst relief and rescue operations being carried out by armed forces in flood affected J&K
Helicopter operations in full swing during J&K flood relief operations
One IAF MI17 V5 helicopter refuels while the other takes off during the ongoing flood relief operations in J&K
IAF MI-17 V5 helicopter evacuates stranded flood victims from Nehru helipad in Srinagar while others await their turn.
Air Marshal RK Sharma, the Vice Chief of the Air Staff (extreme left) taking tsock of rescue and relief operations being carried out by IAF in flood affected J&K.

China needs to come to table on border dispute: VK Singh#arunachal pradesh #china #india #vk singh
Gandhinagar: China needs to come to the discussion table to resolve the long-standing border dispute on Arunachal Pradesh, Minister of State (MoS) for External Affairs VK Singh said on Friday.
"We are having a border dispute with China about Arunachal Pradesh. It doesn't become their (China's) region by merely putting claim on it (AP). To solve the issue, they (China) need to come to the discussion table. India and China may discuss this issue in the upcoming meeting (between Chinese President Xi Jinping, who is scheduled to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Ahmedabad on September 17), Singh told reporters here.
However, he claimed ignorance about whether India will discuss the border dispute in the meeting.
The two nations have differing perceptions of the 3,488-km long Line of Actual Control. Recently, China had released a new map showing Arunachal Pradesh as a part of it stirring a new controversy.
"I have absolutely no idea about whether it is in the agenda of the meeting (or not)," Singh said.
The two nations have differing perceptions of the 3,488-km long Line of Actual Control. Recently, China had released a new map showing Arunachal Pradesh as a part of it stirring a new controversy.
The minister was here for a seminar on 'India's foreign relations - South East Asia and Indian Ocean', organised at Gujarat National Law University (GNLU).
To a query on who according to him is India's friend and who is the enemy (between China and Pakistan), Singh said, "both China and Pakistan are our neighbours and it is upon us on how we bring that relationship ahead."
Welcoming the visit of the Chinese president, he said, "this is a very good initiative by our government. Earlier, their foreign minister visited India and now the president is coming here. However, the out come of this meeting will be known only after it gets over."
Earlier, during his speech, Singh gave a overview on India's 'Look East' policy and stressed on the need to develop co-operation with South Eastern countries for better economic growth.

Apple iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus Spark Pre-Order FrenzyPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

FII equity investment touches $14 bnBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 08:28 PM IST
FII equity investment touches $14 bn
FIIs have been heavy buyers of Indian equities since the beginning of the year on expectations of a change in government at the centre
Investments by foreign investors into equities touched $14 billion or about Rs 84,700 crore on Friday even as the benchmarks Sensex and Nifty ended the flat.
On Friday, foreign institutional investors (FIIs) were net buyers for the 10th straight session at Rs 182 crore. The BSE Sensex closed up 0.2% at 27,061 while the NSE Nifty ended at 8,105 up 0.2%.
FIIs have been heavy buyers of Indian equities since the beginning of the year on expectations of a change in government at the centre. Even with the US markets improving and the tapering of the US Federal Reserve's stimulus package, FIIs continued to pump in money as growth expectations in the economy improved. FII-buying pushed Indian markets higher. The Sensex and Nifty are up about 28% each, year-to-date.
 Advertisements

Business warnings fail to sway Yes votersFight heats up for Scotland’s undecideds
“It makes me really angry – is it not supposed to be the Royal Bank of Scotland?” she says pointing at the lender’s Kelty branch and emphasising the last word of its name. “It makes me more likely to vote Yes.”
Ms Chapman’s outrage is far from universal – warnings from banks and businesses play into voters’ doubts about an independent Scotland’s economic prospects and could deter some of the undecided from voting to leave the UK next week.
But analysts say any boost to the No camp will be at least partly balanced by the feeling among some voters that they are being bullied by the business establishment and by the widespread view that many of the warnings are mere bluff.
Even in Edinburgh’s financial sector, a vital driver of the Scottish economy, many employees wave aside suggestions it would suffer after a Yes vote.
In the Edinburgh Park business area, William, a 43-year-old call-centre worker for Lloyds Banking Group , dismisses talk that re-domiciling would mean Lloyds also shifting jobs south.
“You know they are actually recruiting people here this week? People realise [the concerns highlighted by the No campaign] are all bluster,” he says. “If they weren’t committed to Scotland , why would they still be taking on folk here?”
Two young consultants at Lloyds’ mortgage service agree the re-domiciling announcement was unlikely to put them off backing independence next Thursday.
“The majority of people in there are Yes,” says one. “I could still be swayed – but not by that.”
More video
Such confidence in the future of finance sector jobs after a Yes vote frustrates many supporters of the union.
Financial sector colleagues still backing Yes are like “turkeys voting for Christmas”, declares one middle-aged pensions consultant rushing to catch his train home.
In Kelty, a former mining village, Sandy Culross, 64, agrees. “If these idiots vote Yes, I wouldn’t want to think of what would happen. My son works for Lloyds Bank – what would happen to him if it they move south?”
John Curtice, professor of politics at University of Strathclyde, says low public trust in business – and especially in banks – limits any benefit to the No campaign from their interventions in the independence debate.
In depth

Around 42 pc voting in DUSU polls; results to be outtomorrowPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 9:26 pm
Around 42 per cent students today exercised their franchise in the keenly contested Delhi University Student Union elections which were dominated this year by issues such as right to accommodation, women security and transport problems faced by the varsity students.
The Chief Election Officer for DUSU elections, D S Rawat, said the voting went off peacefully with 43.2 per cent of students casting their vote in the morning leg of polls.
“The elections in the morning from 8.30 AM to 12.30 PM went off smoothly. Minor glitches were reported in the EVM machines at 4-5 polling centres but were rectified soon.
“The university had deployed 26 observers who visited the 50 centres where the polling took place in teams of two to check violations of code of conduct. DU administration had also installed CCTV cameras besides hiring commercial video graphers to record election activities to ensure free and fair polling,” he added.
The voting percentage for evening college students, which took place from 3 PM to 7 PM in the second leg, will be declared later in the night. The counting of votes will be taken up tomorrow after which the results will be declared, Rawat said.
According to Deputy Commissioner (North Delhi) Madhur Verma, the polling went off peacefully and no incidents of violence were reported. “A huge contingent of police was deployed at various polling centres of the university to ensure that no untoward incident takes place. The movement of vehicles was also restricted on Chatra Marg in North Campus to avoid any chaos or discomfort to students. The polling was peaceful,” he said.
Over one lakh students were eligible to cast vote in the DUSU polls for the four crucial posts — the President, Vice President, Secretary and Joint Secretary. Seven candidates each for the posts of President and Joint Secretary; 6 for the post of Vice President and 8 nominees for the post of Secretary are in the poll fray.
“We are hopeful that the Modi wave will yield fruitful results here too and we will emerge victorious on the four posts,” ABVP’s National Secretary Rohit Chahal said. Interestingly, The Students’ Federation of India (SFI), Arunachal Students’ Federation (ASF) and All India Democratic Students Organisation (AIDSO) have come together this time to form an alliance called Left Students’ Front (LSF).
Another new entry in the poll fray is Chanakya Parishad. “The DUSU polls this time are much more than the traditional NSUI-ABVP contest. The students are also looking for new representatives who can take up their issues rather than just indulging in politics on campus,” Chanakya Parishad’s President Mantosh Sharma said.
The students, who turned up to cast their vote, seemed excited about participating in the student polls. DUSU is the representative body of the students from most colleges continued…

Ahead of Modi visit  V K Singh holds grievance redressal meet for NEcommunityPrint
Written by Lakshmi Ajay | Gandhinagar | Posted: September 12, 2014 9:23 pm
Just days before the impending visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping to Gujarat, Gen (Retd) V K Singh, the Union Minister in charge of North East Region, held an informal grievance ‘redressal meet’ of people hailing from the six states of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Mizoram, Tripura and Manipur who are based in Gujarat, on Friday.
Singh met close to 50 members of North-Eastern community including students, professionals and homemakers in the lobby of the Gujarat National Law University’s guest facility, which was not open to the media.
Outlining his vision for the N-E states, the Minister during his opening remarks promised 2000 MW of power via clean energy to the six states of North East by way of rural electrification, an AIIMS-like institution, skill development centers and speedy road and infrastructure development.
“Things will take time, you have to trust us. In six states, clean energy will be harnessed which is not dependent on coal or gas but will be based on solar power. Rainwater harvesting measures will also be initiated. There is a World Bank funded Rural Livelihood Mission which is dormant now but we plan to make it work soon,” he told the students.
The Minister was in Gandhinagar to flag off GNLU’s two day “India’s Foreign Relations – Southeast Asia and the Indian Ocean: Strengthening the Political, Economic, Security and Cultural Prospects” where he was Chief Guest, before he met with members of the NE community. He was accompanied by Sunil Deodhar, the Poll Manager for Narendra Modi’s Varanasi campaign, Sunil Trivedi who is part of BJP’s state election management wing and Rajendra Singh Chandel, the National co-convenor of BJP North East cell.
Speaking at the conference Singh had outlined issues of illegal trafficking of drugs, people, illegal fishing into Indian waters, illegal survey of Indian areas in a bid to start mining operations as issues that were being adressed by the new government’s ‘proactive foreign policy’.
“A new separate hostel for people of North Eastern region will be started at Jawaharlal Nehru University soon, which will be extended to all other metros soon. This hostel will be for our own people so that it becomes slightly easier for them to stay…. We know there are issues in Assam, for which we will find a solution.
While there is a small problem in Mizoram which will become big in the coming days, which is of China people coming to work at households and then staying on. Policies will be made so that things do not become illegal. If the regime becomes such, then illegal people can be take care of and identification can be done… The purpose of meeting with all of you is that you must go back home and tell your people that things are being done and that this much money is coming,” he said.
Outlining the meet as one to address grievances, Singh took questions from more than eight people in the meeting. Sunep C Jamir continued…

Celkon launches Ultra Q500 quad-core Android KitKat phone at Rs.9 999Celkon Ultra Q500 runs on Android 4.4 KitKat OS, 1.2 GHz quad-core processor 2 GB RAM and 16 GB ROM.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 9:18 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 2:27 pm
Celkon Mobiles has launched its Ultra Q500 smartphone in India at a price of Rs. 9,999 at Snapdeal. Running Android 4.4 KitKat operating, the Ultra Q500 runs on a 1.2 GHz quad-core processor supported by 2 GB RAM and 16 GB ROM. The smartphone features a 5-inch full HD IPS/OGS display.
The company is offering unlimited download of Videos and Music worth more than Rs.1 lakh from Hungama (Hungama app preloaded),along with 2 months of free 1 GB data per month from Airtel.
Ultra Q500 is a 3G model with a dual SIM and is powered by a 2500 mAh. The device comes preloaded with Gameloft games such as Modern Combat 4, Spiderman Power Ultimate, Real Football 2014, Danger Dash Premium, Asphalt 7.
Key specs:

Maharashtra  Haryana polls slated for October 15; black money  doles come into playBlack money, doles come into play as Maharashtra, Haryana polls inch closer
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 12, 2014
First Published: 20:28 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:37 IST(12/9/2014)
Political parties began supplying black money for vote-buying to their workers in Haryana and Maharashtra before the election commission announced assembly poll dates for the two states on Friday, officials said.
 
The Election Commission (EC) can only direct the state police and other investigating agencies to probe the use of illicit funds in elections after declaring the voting schedule. And political parties are exploiting this escape clause.
 
Many candidates routinely dole out cash, alcohol and other goodies to voters in Indian elections for acquiring their support. The poll panel seized over Rs. 300 crore in cash and more than two crore litres of liquor along with other illegal inducements during the parliamentary and assembly polls this year.
Read:  Maharashtra, Haryana assembly polls on October 15; results on 19th
 
Election officials said the BJP distributed funds for poll management to most district and block-level committees in Haryana, especially in areas where the party is expected to do well based on an internal survey.
 
“A senior party representative declared at a party function recently that money will not be a constraint. Subsequently, huge amounts of cash reached the functionaries in-charge of these assembly constituencies,” a senior poll panel official said, expressing inability to tackle the problem.
 
Haryana’s close proximity to Delhi, Rajasthan and Punjab helps parties push liquor and cash into the state without drawing too much attention. The EC officials said that with the announcement of polls, instructions have been issued to the state administrations to put up check posts at all entry and exit points to prevent the inflow of black money and liquor.
 
In Maharashtra, the officials said, both the NCP and the BJP functionaries have received illicit funds for the elections which have been used to mobilise workers. “Some senior leaders of the two parties themselves distributed cash and we even informed the state government, but by the time a team reached the locations the job was done,” an EC official said.
 
Election commission sources also said that politicians in Maharashtra plan to distribute gifts to voters during the lengthy festival season in October. The total spending by the political parties in the polls is expected to be about Rs. 2,000 crore, according to an unofficial estimate.
 
“It is very difficult to establish which party has distributed these goodies as the gifts don’t bear a party symbol – only the name of a party functionary who may not be contesting. In such a situation, electoral laws prohibit us from taking any action,” an election official said.

British PM pleads with Scots to not break the UnionSep 12, 2014, 09.07 PM IST  | Source: PTI
British PM pleads with Scots to not break the Union
Alarmed by recent polls, British Prime Minister David Cameron today rushed to Scotland to make an impassioned plea to Scots not to split the "family of nations", saying it would be heartbreaking if the Union is "torn apart".
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
British PM pleads with Scots to not break the Union
Alarmed by recent polls, British Prime Minister David Cameron today rushed to Scotland to make an impassioned plea to Scots not to split the "family of nations", saying it would be heartbreaking if the Union is "torn apart".
Post your opinion here
 
Alarmed by recent polls, British Prime Minister David Cameron today rushed to Scotland to make an impassioned plea to Scots not to split the "family of nations", saying it would be heartbreaking if the Union is "torn apart".
Cameron and other British political leaders headed to Scotland to rally voters to keep the 307-year-old union between England and Scotland intact and pleaded them to vote against breaking the UK in September 18 referendum.
"I love my country more than I love my party," an emotional Cameron said, campaigning in Edinburgh.
"I care hugely about this extraordinary country, this United Kingdom that we've built together. I would be heartbroken if this family of nations that we have put together and we have done such amazing things together if this family of nations was torn apart," he said.
"If Scotland votes for separation that would have to be respected by the rest of the United Kingdom. And as Prime Minister of the UK I would have to make that happen.
"It would be a heartbreaking job to have to do, to break up this family of nations that has been such a success," he added.
Cameron was in Scotland on the same day as Labour leader Ed Miliband and Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg make their own pleas for Scotland to vote 'No' to independence.
The Prime Minister's urgent trip follows a weekend poll putting the "Yes" camp two points ahead, and another yesterday showing both sides evenly split on 41 percent.
The close race ahead of the vote has sent shudders through the financial markets.
Amid uncertainty over what currency an independent Scotland would use, the pound and shares in Scotland-based financial institutions have sinked.
He said Britain is "holding its breath" ahead of the vote. "I don't want my children to grow up in a world where if they choose Edinburgh University they are going to be in a capital of foreign country," Cameron said.
RELATED NEWS

School Shooter in Custody After Escape From PrisonSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
SATELLITE: Hurricane Odile Targets Mexico's Baja Peninsula
EXPLORE.ORG: Animal-Watch in Africa!
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Neil Greenberg and Mark BullockReporter — Washington, D.C.
Latest
The Yankees’ shortstop also received a U.S. Navy captain’s hat, pinstripe cake and a donation in his name.
Sep 15, 2014
The was a mixed bag of news from Washington’s 41-10 win over Jacksonville.
Sep 14, 2014
The noted Cowboys fan is at FedEx Field.
Sep 14, 2014
Major League Ultimate championship game MVP Markham Shofner pictured in U.K. newspaper.
Sep 12, 2014
Reliever says it will happen on team’s current road trip.
Sep 12, 2014
Former Maryland coach Gary Williams weighs in on the Rams’ unconventional team-building exercise.
Sep 12, 2014
PTI host says Washington is ‘right there’ after Cleveland and Chicago.
Sep 11, 2014
In high school, the sophomore wide receiver was known as The Raven.
Sep 11, 2014
Nationals, Redskins and other local teams pay tribute on social media.
Sep 11, 2014
Two-year-old wins finale at Laurel Park.
Sep 11, 2014
Load More
About
Scott Allen writes about all things DC sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.
Most Read

Switchback: Talking Tech (Sept. 19)About the topic
The team from The Switch discusses everything from the latest political tech news to the gadgets you’re eyeing.
Brian Fung, Andrea Peterson, Nancy Scola and Hayley Tsukayama will chat online Friday at 11 a.m. ET, so submit your questions now!
Q .

EBay pares sharp gain  dismisses Google stake talkWall St. falls, weighed by tech shares
The street is blind to Washington: Hintz
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
Sanford Bernstein Equity Research Analyst Brad Hintx discusses what MBA students need to know about Wall Street.
By Rodrigo Campos, Reuters
NASDAQ Alibaba Group NYSE Euronext, Inc. Financial Markets Yahoo! Inc. Anheuser-Busch InBev
NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were falling on Monday, dragged down by the tech sector as investors make space in their portfolios for Alibaba's planned debut later this week and biotech shares weighed further on the Nasdaq.
Alibaba's could be the largest initial public offer in history and has seen "overwhelming" interest, meaning Yahoo's 23 percent stake could be worth more next week than it is now. Yahoo stock was up 1.7 percent with 1.9 million shares already traded.

Indian Open snooker postponed to March next yearIndian Open snooker postponed to March next year
Football for intellectually-disabled: English coaches train IndiansFootball for intellectually-disabled: English coaches train Indians
Bilateral trade between India & South Africa at USD 11.15 bnBilateral trade between India & South Africa at USD 11.15 bn
Crude oil prices  Fed s policy decision to decide trend on the boursesCrude oil prices  Fed s policy decision to decide trend on the bourses
NRL declares 16 % dividend  profit increases by 3-foldNRL declares 16 % dividend  profit increases by 3-fold
Rupee appreciates 27 paise against dollar to settle at 60.66Rupee appreciates 27 paise against dollar to settle at 60.66
July IIP growth slows to 0.5%July IIP growth slows to 0.5%
Peru to sign free trade pact with IndiaPeru to sign free trade pact with India
MR SUBRAMANI
Move to open up imports of minerals, metals here
Pune, September 12:  
Having tasted success by exporting gold to India, Latin American nation Peru now has plans to sign a free trade agreement with New Delhi to ship more of minerals and metals it produces.
“Peru got permission to sell gold to India in 2011. We began exporting in 2012 and shipped out 106 million ounces. Last year, we exported 270 million ounces. This year, it will be even higher,” said Javier Paulinich, Ambassador of Peru to India. He is in Pune in connection with the 11th India International Gold Convention – 2014.
The Latin American nation is the sixth largest gold producer, mining 5 million ounces every year. Peru is also the second largest producer of silver and the third biggest producer of copper, tin, zinc and lead.
“We have proposed to India on a free trade agreement. In return for our minerals and metals, we would avail of your IT and other products such as agricultural produce,” he said. “We are keen to sign the trade pact like the ones India has signed with other countries,” the Peru Ambassador added. In directly bringing gold in dore form, India will save precious foreign exchange spent on refining, while ensuring that the manufacturing facility in India can be used. In India, the MMTC-Pamp Refinery uses these dores to refine gold and make products such as coins and bars.
On May 26, MMTC-Pamp refinery got the London Bullion Manufacturers Association’s accreditation for its refining process. Of the total gold imports into the country, which zoomed to nearly 1,000 tonnes in 2012, roughly 10 per cent is in dore form.
“Peru exported 0.6 per cent of India’s gold imports last year,” said Rajesh Khosla, Managing Director of MMTC-Pamp. On the other hand, three Indian firms have invested in gold mining in Peru, Paulinich said, without divulging further details. The Peru Ambassador also inaugurated the two-day convention in which nearly 500 Indian and foreign delegates are taking part.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Jewellers renew plans to tap gold lying idle with consumersJewellers renew plans to tap gold lying idle with consumers
MR SUBRAMANI
Rajesh Khosla, MD, MMTC-PAMP
Consumers can deposit their bullion and opt for gold or cash after the expiry of the term
Pune, September 12:  
The jewellery industry has renewed its plan of tapping idle gold lying with consumers in the country to meet rising demand for the yellow metal and cut its dependence on imports.
There are a few changes in the renewed plan, though. One, the industry now calls the gold deposit scheme as gold monetisation scheme. Two, there is new “enabler” of the scheme now in the form of MMTC Pamp refinery.
The scheme, floated under the auspices of the Gold Jewellers Federation of India, is aimed at tapping some 25,000 tonnes of gold believed to be lying idle in the country with consumers. India holds nearly 11 per cent of gold stocks above the ground in the world.
Addressing a press conference here at the 11th India International Gold Convention – 2014, MMTC Pamp Refinery Managing Director Rajesh Khosla said that though it was ready to take on the mantle for the monetisation scheme, it would, more importantly, provide a platform for the plan.
Providing a platform
“We will collect, assay, transport, refine and re-transport gold to manufacturers if the scheme takes off,” Khosla said.
The plan, like last year, is to tap gold jewellery, coins and bars lying idle with consumers. The bullion can be deposited with a nodal agency and in turn, the consumer can opt to get either gold or cash after the expiry of the term for which it is offered.
Last year, the gold deposit was supposed to have made for a three-year term with customers getting back the gold with a three per cent annual interest. The low interest rate and the reluctance of the Finance Ministry were then seen as rendering the scheme a non-starter.
This time around, Khosla said, MMTC Pamp’s offer could swing things in the industry’s way. “Besides, the Government is keen on doing something to cut dependence on imports,” he said. “The Government wants jewellers to come out with some plans, no doubt. But when we go to them with our plan, they find fault and ask for modification. The issue is getting dragged,” said a Mumbai-based jeweller.
Khosla and Rujan Panjwani, Executive Director, Edelweiss Financial Services, were unwilling to fix a time-limit for the scheme to be launched.
“We have proposed the concept to the Government. We will have to involve banks, the RBI and the Finance Ministry. At this stage, we are explaining to the Government how the scheme will work,” Khosla said. “The good thing about this is that engagement with the Government has begun” Panjwani said.
Old wine?
“Such scheme has been in vogue from 1999 but we have been successful in tapping only less than 15 tonnes so far,” Khosla said.
Banks, especially the State Bank of India, had floated the scheme in 1999 providing tax benefits. But the scheme failed to yield results since, according to Khosla, it was aimed at temple trusts and not consumers.
“The minimum quantity with the scheme was 500 g but now we say, consumer can give as low as 50 g. Perhaps, even lower,” he said. Panjwani said banks should be incentivised to such a scheme. “The Government can come up with more tax incentives,” he said.
MMTC Pamp’s objective of being enabler for the scheme stems from the fact that it is keen to utilise its capacity to refine 300 tonnes of gold annually.
“Dore imports cannot help utilise our capacity. Therefore, we are looking at scrap gold and we think the monetisation scheme will help,” Khosla added.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Only three Ministers to vacate bungalowsOnly three Ministers to vacate bungalows
Our Bureau
Venkaiah Naidu reviews status of repair
New Delhi, September 12:  
Only three bungalows allotted to Ministers are still to be vacated by the previous allottees, a statement from the Ministry of Urban Development said.
Houses allotted to Rajnath Singh, Kiren Rijiju and Sarbananda Sonowal are still occupied by Chiranjivi, AK Antony and Ajit Singh, respectively.
Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu on Friday reviewed the status of repair and renovation works undertaken by the CPWD for Ministers’ bungalows. 
Out of the 44 Central Ministers, 20 have moved into official accommodation allotted to them.
Another nine will continue to stay in the houses allotted by the previous Government, the statement said. 
The movers
Those who moved into their allotted houses include Arun Jaitely, Nitin Gadkari, Sadanand Gowda, Uma Bharati, Ashok Gajpati Raju, Radha Mohan Singh, Kalraj Mishra, Nirmala Sitharaman, Jual Oram. Meanwhile, Sushma Swaraj, M.Venkaiah Naidu, Ramvilas Paswan, Ravi Shankar Prasad, Ananth kumar, among others will continue to stay in the houses allotted by the previous Government, it added.
  Naidu has asked CPWD to complete works in progress at the 12 houses allotted to Najma Heptullah, Harsh Vardhan, Anant Geete, Dharmendra Pradhan, Prakash Javadekar, Piyush Goyal, Smriti Irani, among others, within 15 days.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

United Biscuits considers name change© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d982f140-3a74-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Introducing The iPhone 6!reddit
The iPhone 6 is here!
Apple unveiled the latest version of its flagship smartphone on Tuesday, officially branding the device the iPhone 6.
The phone features a new Retina HD Display, and comes with a 4.7'' screen.
As expected, the phone also comes in a larger version called the iPhone 6 Plus with a 5.5'' Retina HD Display. This bigger iPhone benefits from a special one-handed mode.
Both phones feature Apple's 64-bit A8 chip, and an M8 next-generation motion coprocessor. This extra processing power makes the new iPhone 84-times faster than the original iPhone.
When it comes to battery life, both devices offer improved performance over the previous iPhone, the iPhone 5s:
The iPhone 6 features 150 Mbps LTE technology and VoLTE for clearer-sounding phone calls as well as simultaneous voice and data transmission. Faster 802.11ac Wi-Fi comes standard on the devices, as well as Wi-Fi calling, allowing phone calls using a Wi-Fi connection rather than a cellular network. T-Mobile will be the first U.S. carrier to allow the new Wi-Fi calling feature.
The phone's optics include an improved 8MP iSight camera on both models. The camera can capture 1080p video at 30 fps or 60 fps, and slo-mo video at 120 fps or 240 fps.
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will feature Apple's new iOS 8 software and will come in multiple colors: Gold, Silver and Space Gray. Both models come equipped with the new Apple Pay technology for fast purchases using Touch ID.
The phone will be released in the U.S. on September 19th, with pre-orders starting on September 12th.
In terms of pricing, the phones will be available with a standard two-year cellular contract in three configurations each:
16GB (iPhone 6, $199 -- iPhone 6 Plus, $299)
64GB (iPhone 6, $299 -- iPhone 6 Plus, $399)
128GB (iPhone 6, $399 -- iPhone 6 Plus, $499)
With a two-year contract, the previous generation iPhone models will be available as follows:
iPhone 5c (8GB): Free
iPhone 5s starting at $99
Related on HuffPost:
Apple's iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus
of

Hey Mom! Wal-Mart Thinks This Is What Kids Wantcomment
Toys "R" Us
The Disney Frozen Snow Glow Elsa Doll is expected to be one of the hottest toys for this year's holidays.
With back-to-school promotions in the rear-view mirror, retailers are already  looking for ways to promote their brands for the holidays.
Following Kmart's anti-Christmas commercial that rolled out last week, Wal-Mart on Wednesday  released its second annual Chosen by Kids Top 20 Toys List—a list it hopes will  get parents spending on the troubled toy category, and help it identify hot  items to prevent out-of-stocks and lost sales.
The discounter also said it would "continue to be unwavering" on offering the  lowest price. 
"When we saw specific trends emerge, we worked closely with our toy suppliers  to make sure we were stocking our toy shelves … with the items kids really  want," said Anne Marie Kehoe, vice president of toys for Walmart  U.S.
By putting hundreds of kids between ages 18 months and 12 years old in a room  to play with 80 toys—and then having them vote on their favorites—the company  identified five toy trends ahead of the holidays: 
• Creativity and crafts, such as the Spin Master Sew Cool  Sewing Machine ($34.97) and the Maya Group Make Your Case Cell Phone Cover Kit  ($24.99).
• Licenses, especially for items related to Disney's "Frozen" and the  TV show "Doc McStuffins."
• Electronic toys, such as the Leapfrog LeapTV gaming  system ($149.97) that will be released later this year or the Spin Master  Flutterbye Light Up Fairy ($39.88).
• Rebooted classic brands, such as Mattel's Barbie Glam  Camper ($83.78) and Hot Wheels Street Remote Control Flying Car ($54.86).
• Scooters and ride-on toys, such as the Razor Crazy Cart  Spinning Go Kart ($349).
Wal-Mart said it would promote the toys through in-store displays that call  them out as chosen by kids, on a landing page on Walmart.com, and through  online, social and print marketing. 
Video: Classics like Barbie and Hot Wheels made Walmart’s annual list predicting holiday toy trends, and other kiddie crowd pleasers like the Snow Glow Elsa Doll also made the cut.
The company will also kick off its layaway program  on Sept. 12 for toys that  cost $15 or more in baskets worth $50 or more, and will use its Savings Catcher  program to match prices from local competitors. The tool compares local  advertised prices from a customer's receipt, and if it locates a lower price, it  will make up the difference on a Wal-Mart gift card. This price matching does  not include Amazon .
"Our focus is on having great prices all season long across our toy  assortment," Kehoe said. 
Trouble in Toyland
Toys have been a trouble spot for retailers over the past few years, as  extreme price competition, the lack of a must-have toy and the popularity of  mobile gaming have cut into profits. In 2013, toy sales fell 1 percent to $22.1  billion, according to The NPD Group.
The sting has been felt at companies from Toys R Us to Mattel, with declining  sales of Barbie contributing to Mattel's 9 percent sales drop in the most recent  quarter. 
The industry's bright spot has been for brands that have ties to popular  movies or TV shows. LEGO, for example, which has gotten a boost from the "The  LEGO Movie" product line, and recently surpassed Mattel as the largest toy maker  when its first-half sales rose 15 percent compared with the prior year.  
The findings are in line with a report released by The NPD Group earlier this year, which said sales of licensed toys outperformed the industry  as a whole by rising 3 percent in 2013.
"I think 'Frozen' has definitely shown everyone this year how strong kids and  little girls are engaging with that property," Kehoe said, adding she predicts  the Jakks ' Snow Glow Elsa  Doll will be the hottest item this year. 
Another race to the bottom in 2014?
Wal-Mart's affirmation that it will once again compete to bring shoppers the  lowest price may sound alarm bells in the industry, which last year saw margins  take a beating as retailers made aggressive pricing moves to undercut one  another. 
In a recent call with 360pi and Retail Systems Research, RSR analyst Paula  Rosenblum said the "big lie" is that in a race to the bottom on pricing, the  company with the lowest costs wins.
"In fact what we find is that in a race to the bottom nobody wins," she said.  
© 2014 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved
Tags:

Major renovations and home values0
We think that real estate taxes usually jump when people improve their homes substantially by adding on to their homes. When you put on an addition that includes a family room, master bedroom and several bathrooms, and the size of your home increases 50 percent, you can certainly expect to see a sizeable jump in your real estate taxes.
However, our impression is that tax assessors won't perceive that a home's value has increased substantially when you update your electrical from its original wiring from 100 years ago to today's standards or even change the old walls to drywall with insulation. Those changes may be minimal for some tax assessors, but will be huge for you as you benefit from the savings due to the insulation in the walls.
We've found that many tax assessor offices are willing to discuss these issues with you and give you some guidance on what the impact will be on your real estate taxes. If you pulled a permit to do all this work, you will eventually find out if your real estate taxes go up. If you didn't pull a permit to do this work and you were required to pull a permit, you may have other issues that could be a concern to you. Those issues might be fines for performing work on your home without permits and having the municipality require you to obtain the permits.
However, your question was not about the permits. On the federal income tax side, you will only pay taxes on any capital gain you make when you sell the home. To compute that profit, subtract the price you paid for the home and the cost of capital improvements you made to it from the price at which you sold it.
When you sell a home that is your primary residence, you can exclude $250,000 of gains from federal income taxes. If you are married, you and your wife can exclude $500,000 from taxable gains. That means that you'd pay no federal income taxes on the gains from the sale of the home up to those amounts. Keep in mind that to qualify for this exemption, you have to have lived in the home at least two out of the prior five years.
A final note: If you applied for a homeowner's insurance policy and the company knew or assumed the wiring in your home was old, you might want to check with them to see if the improvements you've made will help reduce your insurance premium.
( Ilyce Glink is the creator of an 18-part webinar and ebook series called " The Intentional Investor : How to be wildly successful in real estate," as well as the author of many books on real estate. She also hosts the "Real Estate Minute," on her YouTube.com/expertrealestatetips channel. If you have questions, you can call her radio show toll-free (800-972-8255) any Sunday, from 11a-1p EST. Contact Ilyce and Sam through her website , http://www.thinkglink.com .)
(c) 2014 ILYCE R. GLINK AND SAMUEL J. TAMKIN. DISTRIBUTED BY TRIBUNE CONTENT AGENCY, LLC.

U.S. workplace deaths fall 5 percent0
Following close behind violence is contact with objects and equipment, such as being struck by a falling object or getting caught in or compressed by equipment. Last year, 717 workers died this way, a slight drop from 723 the year before.
Also high on the list were falls, slips and trips as a cause of death to U.S. workers.  In 2013, one of the three caused the death of 699 workers, down only slightly from 704 in 2012.
There were 172 workers were killed in Illinois, up from 143 in 2012. Most were killed in transportation incidents followed by contact with equipment. 
Most of the deaths in 2013 occurred in Texas where 493 workers were killed.  It was followed by California, where 385 workers were killed – 10 more than the year before.
Fatal injuries among Hispanic or Latino workers rose 7 percent in  2013.  Deaths of Latino workers yielding the higher total since 2008, with 797 workers killed on the job.
Deaths among  every other racial or ethnic group declined in 2013, including non-Hispanic whites, African-Americans, and non-Hispanic Asian workers. 

Engaging Customers in the Digital Agereddit
I had lunch the other day with our terrific general managers from select service and extended stay brands known as CFRST - Courtyard, Fairfield Inn and Suites, Residence Inn, SpringHill Suites and Towneplace Suites.  We talked about social media and how it's changing customer service.  As I listened to our general managers, I took notes on some of the new ways to attract and keep guests.  In the lingo of social media, I "curated" a top ten list from my notes, including my own item, #10:
1. Service, service, service. Social media lets us help guests faster than ever before.  Sometimes guest expectations are too high, but our hotels are doing their best to meet them.
2. Build customer confidence. We need to talk to our customers the way they talk to us.
3. Personalized email "welcomes."  General Managers should make a connection and their email signature should link to the social media channels.
4. Respond to all reviews we get. If someone complains on TripAdvisor, let's try to explain the situation.  People understand mistakes happen and they appreciate a general manager being upfront, and talking about it.
5. Encourage sharing.  Associates hand out TripAdvisor cards for guests to share their experiences during and after a stay.
6. Read competitor reviews. You can gather intelligence and use the information to tailor services to customer needs.
7. Be socially green. Encourage guests to fill out a survey on our green efforts that is posted on TripAdvisor's GreenLeaders site.
8. Listen, not with your ears but with your mouse.  Monitor social media channels to keep track of guest stays and to deliver more personalized service.
9. Send an email "thank you."  When general managers send the "thank you," link to GuestVoice.  It's our own social media-like survey that gives us great feedback.
10. This is mine-  BE HUMAN. I still believe that our biggest competitive advantage is a smile -- not a smiley face! We are all human whether in person or online. Technology will change, but thank goodness human nature doesn't.
I'm Bill Marriott and thanks for helping me keep Marriott on the move.
This post first appeared on www.MarriottOnTheMove.com.
More:

Who Will Win Out Between the Millennials and Boomersreddit
Like many Americans, I'm fresh from a Labor Day weekend spent with family. Multiple generations gathered in Watch Hill, R.I., including my 15 Millennial nieces and nephews. It was an interesting few days as a marketer.
Recent headlines have zeroed in on the Millennials and the Baby Boomers, and which group we should be paying more attention to. Every day, seemingly, there's a new report on the power and importance of the Millennials -- that $200 billion market -- and this generation's unique wants and needs. On the flip side, Women's Wear Daily recently ran a six-page cover feature on the 55-plus cohort, which apparently outspends any other generation by $400 billion and controls approximately three-quarters of American's wealth. Ignore them at your peril, says the report.
So which one is more important? And how do they differ? I'd been thinking this through as I drove out to Rhode Island, only to find myself presented with the contrasting generational mindsets in living color over the weekend. The next few days were revealing.
Reports, including our own JWTIntelligence studies of Millennials, go a long way to picking out key characteristics, but personal insight can be just as valuable.
The first thing that hit me was the difference in our relationship with technology. At the beach, I left my devices in the house, happy to have some time away from them. All the Boomers did the same, enjoying the opportunity to detach from the outside world. Not so for my nieces and nephews, who spent much of their time Tweeting, Instagramming, playing online games, texting. Social media was omnipresent, the third guest in any conversation -- it didn't happen if it wasn't documented by a selfie. There was a constant one-upmanship about having the latest app. The younger the kids, the faster they were at switching between devices.
Then there were our attitudes to brands. Fast food, cosmetic brands and even toothpaste were among the products my younger family had read about online and on which they were highly opinionated. I was informed that a certain brand of toothpaste was bad for me, that I shouldn't use sweetener in my coffee and that the food packaging from our barbecue was bad for the environment.
It drove home just how knowledgeable the Millennials are and how high their expectations of brands. I've been using the same toothpaste all my life, and it has never occurred to me to look up its ingredients online.
Understanding Millennials is front and center in the minds of many CEOs. McDonald's is struggling, and many say that's because it has lost relevance with Millennials, who have migrated to Chipotle and Five Guys. The Millennials are also worrying the mortgage industry because, after all, many are so indebted that they will stay renters for life, or at least late into their 40s.
The bigger issue is Millennial attitude and priorities. It's not simply that Millennials aren't buying cars, it's that they don't see buying a car as a priority. I'm typical of the Boomer generation: I couldn't buy a car soon enough after getting my driver's license. It was the ultimate symbol of freedom. Millennials, by contrast, are just as likely to see a car as an unwanted responsibility; they're happy to rent through ZipCar if they need to.
Similarly, it's not simply that they can't buy property, it's that the traditional American Dream -- the one I grew up with -- of owning a house with a white picket fence is no longer relevant to them. They'd rather rent an urban micro-loft and spend their money on travel and eating at organic farm-to-table bistros. Besides, the global economic crisis showed the volatility of buying a house as an investment.
The Millennial view is, Why buy it if you can borrow it? They are finding new ways to navigate their life and maintain great lifestyles using sharing platforms because they've let go of the idea of owning things permanently. And by doing so, they are sidestepping traditional institutions and business models in favor of names like Lyft and Rent the Runway. This generation is the masterminds of the Sharing Economy.
It's a challenge for brands to not only understand but also respond to -- especially if it actively conflicts with traditional ways of making profits. But for me, this makes it all the more exciting. As a marketer, and Global CEO of JWT for the past 13 years, these kinds of changes are what drive the industry forward. Keeping an eye on change is what's kept JWT relevant for 150 years.
Who will win out between the Millennials and Boomers? In many ways it comes down to cultural dominance, and in this sense Millennials are much more influential. The Boomers have always wanted to act younger, while Millennials show no desire to behave like older generations or borrow cues from them. Already, in lots of ways, Boomers are migrating to Millennial behavior.
Boomers are increasingly health-conscious. More are joining social networks (some 43% of people aged 65-plus use social networking sites, more than triple the percentage who did so in 2009, according to the Pew Research Center). They are more tech-literate than ever: 28% of adults aged 55-64 own tablets, according to Pew, and this percentage is rising every year. Like the Millennials who prioritize travel, restaurants and experiences in their spending, Boomers are downsizing, selling their homes and traveling the world, spending $157 billion annually on trips.
Retailers, including Macy's and Saks Fifth Avenue, are investing millions in adopting an omnichannel strategy to reach Millennials, who shop on their smartphones and tablets, in store and at home. But increasingly Boomers are shopping in the same way. Perhaps this is down in part to the rise of multigenerational living. As the new JWTIntelligence report "Meet the New Family" notes, the number of Americans in multigenerational homes has doubled since 1980. The kids are teaching the adults.
Baby Boomers are also migrating to Millennial icons. At Cannes Lions this year, Kim Kardashian made an appearance at a party. There was a line of fans waiting to meet her, and they were mainly over 50. I was fortunate enough to get my picture taken with her -- a fact that has rendered me an instant legend among my millennial nieces and nephews who promptly shared it with everyone they knew. (Forget that I am CEO of a global company, this was way more impressive.)
Boomers may be a powerful market, but they are also a migrator generation. I loved the break from technology over the weekend, but I still took note of several apps that my nieces and nephews use -- and bought new toothpaste. I've also come to embrace the joys of using Uber. Meanwhile, I didn't see any of my nieces and nephews taking notes from me. If marketers are aiming for a mass mindset, the future -- whether you're young or old -- is Millennial.
More:

How the iPhone Helps Perpetuate Modern-Day Slaveryreddit
"How do we have this amazing microtechnology? Because the factory where they're making these, they jump off the fucking roof because it's a nightmare in there. You really have a choice -- you can have candles and horses and be a little kinder to each other, or let someone suffer immeasurably far away just so you can leave a mean comment on YouTube while you're taking a shit."
-Louis CK, Of Course, But Maybe
The iPhone 6 is coming out soon. But you don't need one. Your lining up to buy Apple's latest product is enabling their abuse of workers around the world, including in the United States. Of course, Apple isn't the only one guilty of this. The HP laptop I'm using to write this article was made in the same way. As is the Samsung smartphone I used to tweet this article after it was published. But Apple is the most glaring example that our need for shiny new gadgets perpetuates atrocities.
Since 1998, seven million people have died in a civil war that continues to plague the eastern region of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC). The war began when Rwanda-backed rebels attempted an overthrow of the Congolese government. The government teamed up with local militias known as the " Mai Mai ," who are known to occupy local villages, steal resources, and rape women. The DRC has become known as the "rape capital of the world," in which marauders use rape as a weapon of coercion. Today, Mai Mai fighters and corrupt members of the Congolese military both enslave children in the DRC to mine columbite and tantalum, which together can form coltan , a necessary ingredient in modern laptops and smartphones.
As this mini-documentary from the Pulitzer Center shows, children as young as 13 are forced to work in the mines for as little as 2 dollars a day. They wear no safety protection, carry a store-bought, battery-powered flashlight, and often die from brutal working conditions that result in suffocation, cave-ins, and death from sheer exhaustion. Multinational corporations like Apple, Samsung, Dell, and HP all depend on the Congolese mining operations for their raw materials, as 80 percent of the world's coltan supply comes from the region. The children have no other option but to work in the mines, because school is beyond the financial means of ordinary Congolese families.
The raw materials mined in Congo are then sent to factories in China -- most notably, the Foxconn plant in Shenzhen. The factory has been described by local media as a " labor camp ," in which teenage students are sought out for employment and are forced to work more than double or even triple the overtime limit (36 hours a month under China's labor laws), and workers are routinely uncompensated for injuries suffered on the job. Seventeen workers attempted suicide, and 14 died jumping from the roof of the building in 2010. The company responded by putting anti-suicide nets around the building, and forced employees to sign agreements stating that their employer would be exempt from lawsuits brought by family members in the event of their suicide. Foxconn claims to have raised workers' wages to $298 per month, but workers say those pay raises never came.
After the raw materials for phones and computers are mined by underpaid and overworked Congolese teenagers, and those materials are assembled by underpaid and overworked Chinese teenagers, American teenagers and adults making poverty wages are then put to work in Apple stores hawking the new phones and computers. This is not unlike the triangular slave trade of the 18th century, in which African slaves were traded to America, American sugar and tobacco was traded to Europe, and European textiles, rum, and manufactured goods were traded to Africa. This time, the slaves are in Africa and Asia, and Americans are forced into wage slavery by an economy that encourages corporations to distribute profits upward to executives, while paying workers less and less.
This Forbes article describes how little Apple's 30,000 Apple store employees nationwide make compared to Apple CEO Tim Cook, who received stock options last year worth $570 million. The average Apple store employee makes $11 to $12 an hour . Sure, it's higher than the federal minimum wage, but that only amounts to $23,400 to $24,960 in pre-tax income for a full-time employee working 52 weeks in a year. That means even though Apple is raking in massive, record profits by selling expensive technology, and even though Apple has twice more cash on hand than the U.S. Treasury , and even though Apple pays a far lower effective tax rate than the average American family , their workers make so little that they qualify for food stamps and Medicaid.
However, it isn't just low-paid Apple store workers who are getting shafted. Tech engineers and coding experts looking for work in Silicon Valley have recently found themselves on the end of a wage restriction conspiracy. A Pando.com investigation published leaked emails showing that leading tech companies like Google, Apple, Dreamworks, Comcast, eBay, Lucasfilm, and others have been conspiring together to keep wages for tech engineers at a set rate, violating workers' rights to seek competitive compensation. The wage conspiracy encompasses over 1,000,000 employees at over a dozen companies.
Corporations like Apple and HP could do the right thing by simply entering into contracts with the Congolese and Chinese governments to ensure that raw materials are mined and products are manufactured by workers who are paid a living wage and given adequate benefits. They could pay American workers at least $15 an hour, and provide opportunities for high-performing employees to share in some of the skyrocketing profits that were normally only preserved for executives and wealthy shareholders. All of this would result in iPhones and iPads costing a few dollars more. But American consumers would still be more than willing to buy shiny new gadgets for a little more if they knew they were made sustainably.
The decision will ultimately be up to us, the buyers. We either have to collectively decide that we'll hold onto our current  products as long as we can until the promise of sustainable manufacturing is made, or to line up like cattle for the next level of expensive gadgets made possible by a tremendous amount of human suffering.
This article originally appeared on Reader Supported News .
Follow Carl Gibson on Twitter: www.twitter.com/uncutCG
More:

Strategic Lessons From Dissecting the #ALSIceBucketChallengereddit
Unless you've been under a rock for the last several months, you've heard of the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge. You know, the one where a Cub Scout leader dumps a bucket of ice water over his pack? (Oh wait, that's me.)
The challenge itself is as simple as summer fun: you either dump a bucket of ice water over your head or donate to a charity, then challenge three others to do the same. This being the age of social media, anyone taking the challenge films a "selfie" and posts it to their social channels.
Earlier this year Boston College baseball player Pete Frates inspired an Ice Bucket Challenge to raise awareness and funds for ALS (Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis) research. First his teammates in Boston--then athletes and teams around the world--then celebrities--then people like you and me began dunking and donating. According to the ALS website , as of September 10, the campaign has raised $111.6 million dollars and raising
In a time of philanthropic fatigue, this is absolutely unprecedented. Dissecting the phenomenon hat has become the #ALSIceBucketChallenge may shed some light on what influences and engages us to think and act:
Quintessential Engagement
The ALS Ice Bucket Challenge has the ingredients to create engagement. First of all, it connects us to something we care about--each other. It joins our empathy with our idealism. This is America. We're can-do people. Surely we can find a cure for another terrible disease. There's a deep emotional satisfaction to taking concrete action toward that objective.
Second, it's simple. The Ice Bucket Challenge comes with a clear call to action that's easy to do and easy to share. It doesn't cost a thing and it doesn't take any planning. Just pull out your cell phone and upload your moment of icy agony.
Finally, it has real impact. Your dunking or donation, added to the thousands of others, becomes big enough to break through the noise. The ALS Association reports that after one month of this viral sensation, twice as many Americans are aware of the disease.
What's Next?
Your make-or-break moment under that bucket of ice water is now becoming the A.L.S. Association's make-or-break moment. The key will be if they have the leadership to leverage this windfall. According to a recent Forbes article and The Chronicle of Philanthropy reports, the charity raised $19.8 million in 2013. They've raised more than twice that in a month. What will they do with it?
The worst move they could make would be to hire staff, expand their offices, or field a new advertising campaign. The ALS Association has a good track record in the measures nonprofits use to judge performance, including a healthy ratio of spending on programming versus administration and fundraising. Lance Slaughter, chief chapter relations and development officer at the ALS Association, has said that they will "thoughtfully plan how to use the money to further fund the organization's current priorities: researching the disease and possible cures, providing compassionate care for ALS patients, and advocating for public policies that benefit people living with the disease," according to a Fortune blog post .
We're all wondering about the unintended consequences of such a viral success. Every win breeds its copycats. I personally do not want to see men ripping their hair out with duct tape for the cause of male pattern baldness. Copycats create noise that diminishes the value of the original story. Plus, other charities are worried that pockets emptied for the Ice Bucket Challenge will leave their next fundraising campaigns worse off. Please don't stop giving to the causes you care about after you've dried off from your Ice Bucket Challenge.
Bottom line, Pete Frates' campaign to raise awareness and action has something to teach us all about spreading ideas through social media. Make it simple, emotional, and impactful, then go for it.
Lou Gehrig was a baseball player whose winning streak was ended in 1939 by onset of symptoms of a terrifying, little-known disease. Over 70 years later, not enough has changed and another ball player has become the face of ALS. This isn't about marketing to sell stuff -- this is about epic success in cause-related marketing.
If your collar isn't wet yet, get out there, dunk it and donate. I did.
Nour Takeaways
1. The Ice Bucket Challenge has proven that even in a time of philanthropic fatigue, the right call to do something for others can get our attention--and our action.
2. The Ice Bucket Challenge contains the essential elements of engagement--it engages our empathy, it's easy to do and easy to share, and it has the vitality to achieve real impact.
3. This isn't about selling more products or services--it's about using cause-related marketing to counter our "me-centric" culture by asking us to do something for someone else.
Follow David Nour on Twitter: www.twitter.com/davidnour
More:

5 Quick Tips I Learned for Business Authors to Easily Format Kindle eBooks for Amazonreddit
Recently, I've been working on several fiction and non-fiction writing projects. As a business author, my goal is to get the ideas into a document, and not to struggle with the tedious formatting details. But I found that if I use a formatting service, I'd need to pay for even the most minor edits or updates to my books after it's launched. And that can eat right into any potential royalties I may have been expecting to earn.
So to get a better handle on easier formatting for Amazon Kindle, I picked up a few books written by Rosa Suen, sharing her Kindle publishing secrets with her students.  Rosa has actually written hundreds of books , and thus, has had a lot of experiences in Kindle publishing.  While many people can write Kindle books, many do not know how to tap into the power of writing books that become bestsellers.
In her books, she shares openly her unique method of how she became successful in Kindle publishing since 2012. Her students love her and become successful along the same path. So when you pick up her books, you will find that they are not like many people who tell you the same thing over and over again. Her style comes out in a fresh and unique way because she developed her unique method herself with a lot of testing, experimenting and providing services to her students.
One of the things that all Kindle publishers must be successful in is to have their books formatted correctly for readers. Poorly formatted books lead to refunds.  People don't want to read them.
While many people just upload a document onto the KDP platform, it is much better if you do the formatting yourself and upload the book in kindle formatting.  In this way, you will ensure that your books are formatted professionally!
Here are 5 Tips and Tricks I learned from Rosa Suen that are easy to implement, and will ensure excellent Kindle Book Formatting:
Tip #1:   Use Microsoft Word to create your document.
Microsoft Word is a great tool to use because it's extremely easy to format them into Kindle Books. Do not save your content in RTF (.rtf) or DOCX (.docx) as they do not convert well to Kindle.
Tip #2:   Make Page Break for each new chapter / heading
Kindle does not work on 'page numbers' because the pages change depending  on the kind of fonts the reader chooses.  Put a page break after each chapter so that they are clearly sectioned for the reader.  To insert a page break in MS Word, use 'Control' + Enter.
Tip #3:    Spell Check
People can request refund of kindle books they purchase within 7 days. When buyers see 'typos' in your text, they will definitely ask for refunds. As an author with a couple of bestselling books, that has happened to me a few times, and while it may have hurt my feelings (hey, I'm human), it's a reasonable reader expectation to have error-free writing. So, to ensure that your book is professionally done, remember to use the spell check tool.
Tip #4:    Use Easy Layout Features
The following MS Word features convert well into Kindle Books:  indentations, bold characters, italics, underline & headings.
Avoid using bullet points, headers and footers, tables as they do not convert well.
Tip #5:  Images
Do not use the MS Art & Graphics feature for images.  You can use images that are in .jpeg format.  Jpeg files can be re-sized easily in the Kindle sized format.
You do not need to restrict yourself to black and white images.  Readers using free Kindle apps for PC, MAC, iPad, iPhone and Android can view color.
Rosa Suen also provide templates with step by step process of how she formats her clients books from beginning to end. All the easy steps are laid out for you in screenshots.
From now on, you can potentially expect:
• Less frustrations with formatting issues
• No more time wasted on the nitty-gritty issues by learning some simple but effective formatting tips
• Fewer rejections from Amazon
• No more high outsourcing fees to get simple books formatted
• Your Kindle Book is going to look better for all your buyers
• Your Kindle buyers are going to have a better reading experience that they may want to continue buying your Kindle books.
Rosa Suen is a Bestselling Author of several hundred Amazon books on music theory, Kindle formatting and other topics platforms. Her new book, Kindle Publishing Secrets - The Kindle Formatting Formula is available on Amazon . Learn more about Rosa on her website .
Follow KC Harry on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kchrissyharry
More:

Clash of the titans: Wal-Mart rejects Apple Pay to pursue a competing mobile payment systemBy Danielle Douglas September 11 Follow @DaniDougPost
Demonstration of how the new Apple Pay works during Apple’s launch event in Cupertino, Calif. EPA/MONICA DAVEY
Wal-Mart said it will not join Apple’s new mobile payment system and will continue developing a separate one, setting up a high-profile race to define how Americans will pay for products in the future.
The contest between the world’s most valuable company and the world’s largest retailer has the potential to create competing systems, confusing shoppers who already look askance at using their smartphones and other gadgets to pay for goods. Yet with two such powerful advocates behind this technology, consumers may eventually find it difficult to hold onto their old-fashioned credit cards and wallets.
The two giants hold tremendous sway over marketplace. Apple has put a smartphone in the hands of tens of millions of people in the United States and has partnered with a broad coalition of the country’s biggest banks, credit card companies and prominent retailers, including Disney, McDonald’s and Macy’s, to launch its new mobile payment system, called Apple Pay.
Wal-Mart has a far bigger customer base — hundreds of millions of people shop at its stores every week. And the retailing giant is one of dozens of well-known brands that have rallied behind a different mobile payment method called CurrentC. Others include Target, 7-Eleven, Southwest Airlines, the Gap and Shell gas stations.
“There will be a dominant player to come out of CurrentC versus Apple. I’m not willing to handicap either one right now…you’ve got major players in CurrentC, you’ve got eight of the top banks and credit card issuers in Apple Pay,” said Michael Archer, a partner at retail consultancy Kurt Salmon Associates. “The interest level in the space is always going to be challenged if there are competing players. The opportunity, and maybe a need, for convergence is there.”
Apple Pay will launch next month. The pilot for CurrentC began earlier this month; the nationwide roll-out is expected next year.
Officials at Wal-Mart declined to comment beyond a statement that they have no plans to join Apple Pay. Apple did not return multiple requests for comment about Wal-Mart’s decision.
Retailers may have greater financial incentive to join CurrentC than Apple Pay.
If broadly adopted, CurrentC could impose a radical change on the credit and debit card system. Customers can either load cash onto the app or allow the app to take funds directly out of a checking or savings account — it cannot be linked to a credit card yet. That means Wal-Mart and other retailers would avoid paying “swipe” fees — the money merchants pay banks every time a shopper swipes a credit or debit card. The stores plan to use those savings to offer discounts to consumers who adopt the system. The network of retailers is also expected to cover the cost of fraudulent purchases, which generally are paid for by banks today.
Perhaps not surprisingly, Apple announced this week that every major bank and the three primary credit card companies had joined Apple Pay.
Both CurrentC and Apple Pay require shoppers to pay for goods and services using an app on their smartphones. Such systems are touted to be more secure than an ordinary credit card, which are particularly vulnerable because the account number, expiration date and security code easily can be stolen and used for fraudulent purchases. Last year, hackers breached the internal systems of Target and other stores and gained access to the credit card information of millions of shoppers. Recently, Home Depot suffered a similar attack.
But the two systems have key differences.
For one, CurrentC works on any smartphone, not just the iPhone, so it has a larger potential market. When a shopper is ready to buy a product, the CurrentC app creates a type of barcode — called a QR code — that can be recognized by most scanners at the check-out line today.
Apple Pay uses a chip that sends signals a short distance through the air using technology called Near Field Communication, or NFC. But only 10 percent of merchants have active sensors that can read such signals and such devices can cost around $500 to install. However, retailers have been ordered by credit card companies to upgrade their registers to models that likely will include NFC technology.
Apple’s system allows users to load their credit or debit card onto an iPhone. A consumer would merely need to hold the smartphone close to a NFC sensor and confirm the purchase with a fingerprint scan. The merchant would get two codes: One would identify the credit card; the other would be a one-time authorization code. Even if a hacker somehow stole both, they couldn’t be used for any other transaction.
Apple has said that it has no interest in tracking the purchases shoppers make through Apple Pay. Company executives said this week the details of any transaction would only be known by the shopper and their financial firm. CurrentC’s organizers have not yet said whether retailers will track purchases made with their system, but many analysts expect them to do so. Many chains already track their customers’ shopping behavior through loyalty cards or even by monitoring how they move through the aisles of a store.
James Wester, research director of global payments at IDC Financial Insights, said the entrance of Apple into mobile payments will expand the market to the benefit of all of those involved. Until now, iPhones did not come with the NFC chip, which makes the upgrade valuable to the broader industry. But he added that CurrentC has an edge because the money they are saving by cutting banks and credit cards out of the equation will give them room to offer discounts, rewards or loyalty programs that could drive sales, he said.
“Just because Apple is now responsible for us getting to this tipping point doesn’t mean Apple is necessarily going to win,” Wester said. “They’ve got a very cool solution that is very similar to the solution that other people have come out with, but Apple is really good at user experience and has loyal customers. … That’s something you can’t discount.”
On the other hand, it’s an open question whether consumers will trust either system with their most personal financial information. It’s possible that neither will draw enough consumers toward a digital payment alternative that has had many fits and starts. Google and other companies have mobile wallet systems that have simply failed to gain traction, and there is no telling whether Apple Pay and CurrentC will meet the same fate.
“While these two platforms are big enablers that does not automatically guarantee success. We still need to see whether consumers will find the value proposition enough to start using the system,” said Rajesh Kandaswamy, a research director at Gartner. “This pits powerful players against each other, but they are not the only ones.”
Danielle Douglas covers the banking industry for The Washington Post.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410460506/1410460506000/1410460506 tracking: {authors=Danielle Douglas, blog_name=business, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=clash-of-the-titans-wal-mart-rejects-apple-pay-to-pursue-its-own-mobile-payment-system, post_id=1852, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 11, 2014 6:35:06 PM close date: Sep 25, 2014 6:35:06 PM

India Inside: Astonishing Tales of How the United States and India Are Intertwinedreddit
First of a three part series highlighting how the ties between the world two largest democracies are rooted  in history.
As Washington prepares for a historic visit by India's new Prime Minister Narendra Modi on September 29, many in America think that interaction between America and India, separated by nine to twelve time zones, must have been enabled by jet travel.
While the Boeing Company is the largest American exporter to India today, selling Dreamliners and defense aircraft, trade between the countries had maritime beginnings. In reality, the histories of these two free economies have been delicately intertwined for more than 500 years.
India: The Bird of Gold
According to British economist and historian Angus Maddison the richest economies of the late fifteenth century were China and India. But intrepid Europeans driven by gold, glory and god in that order were ready to build better and more reliable ships to find a reliable sea route to the "Indies."  As every American schoolchild learns, Italian explorer Christopher Columbus, after being refused by the King of Portugal, received funding from Ferdinand of Spain to sail west and "discovered" the Americas on October 12, 1492.
And the next five centuries marked the rise of the Americas, particularly of the United States. India touched the American ascent at key points in U.S. history.
On July 8, 1497, Portuguese royal Vasco Da Gama led a fleet of four ships with a crew of 170  seasoned and experienced men in a different direction from Columbus, around the coast of Africa, but with the same goal. Da Gama's fleet arrived in Kappadu near Calicut, India on May 20, 1498 on India's western Malabar Coast.
Portugal, France and principally Great Britain slowly colonized, some would say plundered, India. By the mid-20th century, India produced just 2% of the world's GDP compared to about 20 percent when Columbus and da Gama went exploring. But I get ahead of myself. India was a major exporter of spices, textiles and tea. On December 31, 1600, the British East India Company , was formed and soon granted a royal monopoly by Queen Elizabeth I for all trade in and out of India. This made its top executives as wildly affluent as the Silicon Valley entrepreneurs of today and they also enjoyed political power and prestige.
Yale, Yorktown, and the Star Spangled Banner
One such success was Boston- born Welshman Elihu Yale who had a 20 year run with this company and was second governor of Fort St. George (now Chennai), India. In 1718, the tiny Collegiate School of Connecticut in New Haven wrote to Yale asking for financial support. Yale shipped a carton of goods which the college sold to fund a new building. When the college asked for more money, Yale complied on the condition that they rename the school for him. And so was born Yale University . Today's Yale's power in American society  and academia, and the size of its endowment, is exceeded only by Harvard; don't forget that it  began with money first made in India.
By 1773, the 13 colonies were consumers of much of the trade with India that continued to enrich the British crown and top executives of the John Company (the nickname for the East India Company which was by then more powerful that today's GE, IBM Apple put together). American revolutionaries calling themselves the Sons of Liberty dumped 373 chests of East India Company tea from the SS Dartmouth into Boston Harbor on a frigid December day, marking the beginning of the American Revolution.
The bitter battles for American Independence lasted for nine long years until George Washington defeated British general Charles Cornwallis at the Battle of Yorktown on October 19, 1781. The 43 year old Cornwallis was down but not out, however. He returned from Virginia to England to cool his heels for a short time but then was appointed to the top post of the British East India Company and given the title of Governor General of Bengal . Cornwallis was remarkably successful in India. The Cornwallis Code became the cornerstone of revenue collection, land management, justice administration and police systems. Echoes of the Cornwallis Code still remain in the way that India's government functions today. I remind American executives of this legacy of the Battle of Yorktown, when their companies try to buy real estate in India today.
The Wadia family in India built the HMS Minden, a 74-gun teakwood boat on which attorney Francis Scott Key was held prisoner by the British in Chesapeake Bay on one rainy September night during the War of 1812. In America, everyone knows that as he watched the lone American flag fly atop Ft. McHenry, Key penned a poem which we call the Star Spangled Banner, our national anthem. Today the Wadia (boatman) family, descendants of Persian refugees to India, runs  Bombay Dyeing, a textile company and GoAir, an airline.
The South Falls, Bombay Rises, Selling Ice to the Indians
During the American Civil War, exports of cotton from the Confederate States of America to Europe were blocked. Indian entrepreneurs had started growing the crop in the rich black soil of Western India, but the shortage in the Civil War caused a boom in cotton and in the textile mills that supported the crop prior to its export to England. During the Civil War, Bombay boomed and the expansion continued for decades afterward, making it India's largest city today and the one that contributes over 30 percent of personal income tax by all Indians.
Later in the nineteenth century, a remarkable American entrepreneur made millions selling ice from New England around the world. Frederick Tudor sent ships loaded with ice and insulated by sawdust all the way to the ports of Calcutta (now Kolkata) where the British East India Company had its Indian capital. They granted him an exception to their monopoly since ice from the Himalayan Mountains was far more expensive, and Tudor's emissaries built ice houses in Calcutta and Bombay. This improbable sounding story of American exports is beautifully documented in Gavin Weightman's 2004 book " The Frozen Water Trade ."
We the People
A hundred years ago, on the West Coast of the United States, a ragtag group of Indian expatriates organized themselves into the Gadar Movement, whose goal it was to help India become independent of British rule.  About the same time, Bhimrao Ramji Ambedkar came to study for a master's and doctorate at Columbia University in New York. Ambedkar was later a key architect of the independent India's constitution. The first three words of India's constitution are the same as those of the United States: "We the people."
It is important to remember this shared DNA as we in America look at trade, cultural and political opportunities with the world's second most populous country when Prime Minister Modi arrives in Washington this month.
Follow Gunjan Bagla on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bagla
More:

Another Flash Crash or Market Shutdownreddit
My weekend reading got me thinking about 1987.  I read that the percentage of bullish advisors has not been this high since 1987.  The percentage of bullish advisors is usually a contrary indicator: when a large majority become bullish, a downturn can usually be expected.  The reference to 1987 sent me back to October 19th, sitting at my desk at Wheat First Securities, watching an eerie green Quotron and listening to the AP newswire machine chatter and ding.  It would ding when there was a big headline, and there were a lot of big headlines.
Beyond the stunning stock market drop of over 20 percent in a day (the equivalent of 3,400 Dow points today), the New York Stock Exchange was overwhelmed with a huge volume of trades.  Early on the 19, traders began experiencing confirmation delays.  Some trades were not confirmed for days.  Investors placed market orders and for days had no idea if they had been executed or at what price.
Reflecting on that crash and thinking about the current trading volume of over a billion shares a day, I began to worry about the "Flash Crash" we had a couple of years ago and what might happen if all of those computer programs decided to sell as much as they could in some fraction of a second.  What would happen across all of the "dark pools" and remote trading platforms?  Could the bottom drop out, or might we face a 1987 type choke-point?
I called my friend and fellow CNBC Contributor Ken Polcari on the Floor of the NYSE.  Ken reported on Rule 80B.  These new rules were instituted about 2 yrs ago, but they have never been triggered.
RULE 80B -
Market Wide Circuit Breakers (MWCB) Calculated daily based on the closing level of the S&P 500 closing price.
Level 1 - a drop to a 7% threshold is considered a breach - 15 min trading halt ACROSS ALL VENUES.
Level 2 - a further drop of 6% (total of 13% from closing level) - another 15 min halt ACROSS ALL VENUES
Level 3 - a further 7% move (total of 20% from closing level)  - trading is halted for the remainder of the day and remains closed until the PRIMARY LISTED MARKETPLACE opens the stock on the following day.
This provided some relief.  Knowing that when the Primary Marketplace halts, all the dark pools and remote platforms also halt keeps the process sound.  Ken says these breakers are only imposed in DOWN MKTS.  If the market rallies 8 percent in a day, everyone celebrates....no reason to halt trading!!!
Technology seems to have solved the trade execution issue, so I don't foresee an overwhelming market shutdown.  Fidelity now offers an amazing 1 second trade confirmation guarantee.
When markets are making all-time highs and valuations are full, my ruminations become more defensive.  Because trends last a lot longer than anyone thinks they will, my sense of caution may wear thin before it's validated.  Ours is a business of numbers and psychology.  Emotion is the foe of the long-term investor.  Vigilance and discipline are always welcome and wise companions.
Follow Michael Farr on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Michael_K_Farr
More:
Congress Municipal Bonds Economics Unemployment Barack Obama Careers The Fed Business Private Equity Sotu 2014 Investors Treasury Bonds Politics Stimulus Package Unemployment Fed Business News Vix Quantitative Easing Fed Tapering State of the Union Equity Bonds Stock Market Fed Taper Tapering Democrats Federal Budget 2014 Investing Labor Market Investment Economic Recovery Republicans
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

What To Do When Your Best And Oldest Customer Isn t Happyreddit
You build a business one customer at a time.  Some are one time affairs, other last a period of time and still others stay with your company for the long haul.
So how do you react when one of your oldest and best customers experiences less than stellar performance from your company.  What you should do is slow down and think it all the way through.  You have a long relationship with this customer and it is exactly at this time they need to know that you're genuinely upset with whatever has developed. You need to take a breath before you engage with customer or staff.  You also need to understand that giving up completely to whatever demands are made and make the situation go away is not always necessary.
You must gauge the severity in a very objective way.  What is the impact of the performance lapse?  Is it merely disappointment that the lack of the usual high quality and actions on the part of your company has left the customer feeling less than valued and respected.  Or, far worse, the customer has lost business or money, or has the potential to do so, as a result.  The conversations are similar to a point.  Quiet listening is required to understand the bedrock of the customers' complaint.
Surely you want to return the customer to their previously held comfort level as quickly as possible without giving away the ranch.
Make sure you talk to the person who is voicing the complaint but also talk to the person with whom you are on the same level.  In other words, if an admin level person is registering the complaint and they are not the usual contact at that customer then it is just as important for you to reach out to person who normally interacts with you or your company. This will demonstrate the importance of you contact and communicate your level of concern in a meaningful way.  You need to demonstrate that you take any lapses very seriously indeed.  Your emotional reaction at this point is almost as important as whatever you offer as a solution or compromise.
Your initial queries should be very calm, accepting the information without professing guilt or innocence, and be conciliatory in tone.   I would suggest that you request a pause in the conversation so that you can investigate.  "Let me talk to my staff and I will get back to you immediately."  While you are gathering the information and explanations on your end it is okay to allow a period of time to pass before reaching out to the customer.  This will allow you to understand exactly what happened, identify a possible solution and give the customer some time to calm down.
Be forthright when you get back to the client.  If it is your error say so.  Present your possible solutions - we will do the job over, we will deliver new product, we will offer a discount or credit, etc. - and quietly wait for the client to consider and respond.  Negotiate the solutions as necessary so both you and the customer are satisfied with the result. Now is the time to apologize and do it as much sincerity as you can muster.
As a business owner you must fully understand that errors will happen, no matter how good your processes, products or staff.  You should not over react.  Your leadership in light of a bad situation speaks volumes to those who follow you.  Calm professional wisdom is contagious and it is what you want to impart to your employees in spite of the distasteful situation.
If you would like to read more of Greg's published articles please visit the Lorraine Gregory Communications Group website
This blogger graduated from Goldman Sachs' 10,000 Small Businesses program. Goldman Sachs is a partner of the What Is Working: Small Businesses section.
More:

Gregory P. Demetriou(2) Comments | Posted January 16, 2014 | 1:56 PM
Fame...NO, prestige...NO, ego...NO, money...NO - well, maybe indirectly.
The fundamental reason all business people should write and publish original articles is because it's the great differentiator.
Over the years, every business motivational speaker I've heard has hit upon the value of...
7 Important Personal Musts in Business and Life
(6) Comments | Posted January  6, 2014 | 2:55 PM
For every endeavor, there are basic truths that we need to remember. The more they're embedded in our behavior, the better the results. In business, as in life, our interpersonal actions have consequences...good and bad. Pay attention to the following, and you'll be on very firm ground no matter the...
My Christmas Miracle
(1) Comments | Posted December 30, 2013 | 5:32 PM
All the channels were forecasting a classic winter storm. A true Nor'easter posed to drop deep blankets of snow all along the eastern states starting late on Christmas Eve.
Two days before that, my worrying had already begun. My wife and I were converting our usually beautifully decorated home, you...
A Word About Delegation
(6) Comments | Posted December  6, 2013 | 1:24 PM
Every person in a position of authority within an organization MUST learn to delegate. Delegation goes hand in glove with the level of responsibility; tasks must leave the manager's desk and be placed in the hands of a subordinate or teams of subordinates.
Don't Be A Huckster
(6) Comments | Posted November 12, 2013 | 12:15 PM
Many of us have had the opportunity to give speeches, workshops and seminars, or just participate in panel discussions. At one time or another, all of us have been in the audience for such events. More often than not, everything goes fine, and the event is successful -- for the...
The First of the Three R's Makes All the Difference
(5) Comments | Posted October 25, 2013 | 3:42 PM
Every day the e-mail inbox is filled with whitepapers, e-newsletters, blogs and posts of all kinds. Your desk is piled high with those tomes you have promised to read "soon."
All the while you're working diligently to solve the next business dilemma, put out today's fire, pitch a potential...
The Subtle Evangelist
(9) Comments | Posted October  3, 2013 | 1:00 PM
You have to understand right from jump street that I 'd be the last person someone would identify as a holy roller.
Sure, I do some things I'm proud of, like attending Mass on Sundays, praying quietly in the privacy of my car on the way to work (most days)...
Ugly Customers
(7) Comments | Posted September 26, 2013 | 5:59 PM
In my last posting I wrote about responding to errors and how important your actions are as the business owner. Now, I'd like you to look at your response to unreasonable disruptive customers.
Customers come in...
Your Response Matters - Especially to Errors
(7) Comments | Posted September  9, 2013 | 12:25 PM
No company operates with total perfection. Every once in a while, mistakes are made, and a customer is unhappy. It's a fact of business life.
If you've done all the right things regarding quality control, trained your people, put all the proper procedures in place, made staff accountable for...
Being the CTO - Chief Transformation Officer
(3) Comments | Posted August 19, 2013 | 12:20 PM
So, some time ago, I'm sitting in my office with my Business Development Director and the topic turns to profits.
"Our margins are razor thin and getting worse." "We have spent so much money between acquisitions and rebranding that the well is about to run dry." "How are we going...

Yahoo faced fines over NSA complianceSeptember 12, 2014 12:00 am
Yahoo faced fines over NSA compliance
By Hannah Kuchler in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e725fa62-39fd-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex ends in green; Cipla  Exide up 6% | Crude @ $98; oil & gas counters a buyRangebound markets end flat; Sensex closes higher by 65 points
Economictimes.com and Agencies Sep 12, 2014, 04.48PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The broader markets ended…)
NEW DELHI: Snapping a three-day losing trend, Sensex today rose 65 points to reclaim 27,000-mark and Nifty gained 20 points to end above 8,100-level led by jump in Cipla, ITC, HDFC shares ahead of industrial output and retail inflation data releases.
The BSE 30-share barometer resumed higher and moved side-ways in a range of over 100 points before ending at 27,061.04 -- a rise of 65.17 points, or 0.24 per cent. It had lost almost 324 points in previous three sessions on caution due to worries over early Fed rate hikes, among others.
On a weekly basis, Sensex logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up 34.30 points.
The 50-issue NSE Nifty reclaimed 8,100 level by recovering 19.80 points, or 0.24 per cent, to end at 8,105.50. It had shed over 88 points in previous three days.
On a weekly basis, Nifty also logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up nearly 19 points.
Government is scheduled to release Industrial Production (IIP) data for July and inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for August 2014 after market hours later today.
The rebound in benchmark indices was led by Cipla, Bharti Airtel, M&M, HDFC, HDFC Bank, HUL, ITC, SBI, Sesa Sterlite and TCS. Overall, 16 counters gained in the 30-scrip index.
Laggards included Hindalco, Sun Pharma, RIL, NTPC, L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank, CIL, Dr Reddy, BHEL and Tata Power.
Cipla was the top gainer among the Sensex stocks. It jumped 6 per cent to close at Rs 610. Bharti Airtel, Maruti Suzuki, Hero MotoCorp, Sesa Sterlite, HDFC and ITC were also among the gainers closing higher by 1-2.2 per cent each.
Ob the other hand, Hindalco was the top loser on the Sensex. The stock closed lower by 2.2 per cent. Sun Pharma, Tata Power, NTPC and BHEL also ended weaker by 1-2 per cent each.
Among other shares, Exide Industries, an auto ancillary company, has broken out on technical charts after a period of consolidation. The stock rallied 6.2 per cent.
The overall market breadth was positive as 1,715 stocks advanced while 1,332 stocks declined.
FEATURED ARTICLES

We re in 2nd phase of bull market  | Sensex rose 680% in the last oneYou are here: Home > Collections > Stocks
We are in second phase of bull market currently: Ramesh Damani
ET Now Sep 12, 2014, 04.28PM IST
In an interview with ET Now, Ramesh Damani, Member, BSE, shares his outlook for the market as well as some sectors and stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: What explains the movement in the markets of late?
Ramesh Damani: Joseph Granville, an American market historian, classified the bull and the bear markets into three phases. The first phase is characterised by complete depression, which we had last year. This year, by my reckoning, we are in the second phase of the bull market, wherein stocks double and treble. Though we may not be able to get an appreciation of that scale, but typically one should look at cyclicals, technical chart patterns and good ideas. Therefore, while prices will continue to remain high, they will not be high enough to discourage investors from buying into stocks. Though earnings, economy and fundamentals will take their own time to catch up with these companies, but if someone is waiting for a correction to come in, then he/she may never get that chance. So, in my sense, it's never too late to look for high-quality companies and buy them.
ET Now: The optimistic lot on street is of the view that this will be a bull market similar to the one in 2003 to 2007. Would you concur?
Ramesh Damani: Every bull market is different, with a different leadership. It is still too early to comment.
ET Now: But, what about in terms of magnitude or appreciation?
Ramesh Damani: I think this year will probably be bigger, since each bull market is bigger than the one preceding it and each bull market creates more wealth and more opportunities. I am more excited, because this may well be the last bull market of my life, given I am an aging bull myself! I am sure this year will give an extraordinary opportunity to create wealth and money.
By nature, bull markets are like an eclipse - they are miraculous things. If you get it right, it changes the course of your life and may indeed change the course of a country or an industry. Take, for example, the IT industry and compare it with its position prior to 2000 and after the bull market that it witnessed. Similarly, look at some of the cement companies before the Harshad Mehta bull market happened and after it. So, bull markets are not to be dismissed because that is not a matter of the index going up by 100 or 200 points - it is a life-altering event.
In my humble opinion, it is still not too late for investors to participate in this bull market just because the Sensex has gone up from 17,000 to 26,000. The technicals, the underlying strength of the market, the breadth, the leadership are intact and everything suggests that we only will head higher. Though we will have corrections, but periodic corrections are in the very nature of the market. Some of them can be brutal, but from all the indicators, it is evident that the markets are poised for far higher levels from now.
ET Now: According to you, in consumer, pharma or IT stocks, there is no froth, even when they are trading at lofty PE multiples?
Ramesh Damani: We will have to come to terms with the fact that the stocks in consumer, pharma and IT are not going to come down in a hurry. There are 500 stocks that trade in BSE and they never get tired of trumpeting. But, to see it the other way, these are basically 500 companies that you can really look at.
So, the few good quality companies, that do not need to dilute their equity and do not take a substantial amount of debts, must be held on to for life. I was asked in an interview if I was going to tender my Lever stocks, and I said no. It is a comfortable investment and just to make Rs 50 on this stock was not good enough reason. It is hard to believe that Lever's better days are over, as there are millions of people who have recently entered the consumer class and also, with the whole new boom coming in India, Lever's and their products will continue to do just as well. I am not saying Lever's is a monopoly on the good times. There will be lots of consumer companies that are likely to do well. So, be it lofty or nose-bleed valuation, you will have to learn to take in a stride. In my particular case, for people who have invested early, there is a huge margin of safety. We are happy to stick to it.
  ET Now: How should one participate in this bull market?
Ramesh Damani: First of all, get invested. If you do not have the time to pick stocks, consider Buffet's advice and buy an ETF that tracks the Sensex and the Nifty because it comes at the lowest cost. Now, if the Sensex goes to 40000, as some people suggest, then the ETF will mirror it and you will make 50% of your money from this stage on, with absolutely very zero cost.

Two fighter jets crash in the Pacific Ocean; one pilot still missingBy Mark Berman September 12 Follow @markberman
The U.S. Navy is searching for a pilot after two F/A-18 fighter jets crashed in the Pacific Ocean, officials said Friday morning.
The two jets — both F/a-18C Hornets from Carrier Air Wing 17 — crashed while operating at sea. One of the two pilots was quickly found and is receiving medical attention on the USS Carl Vinson. This pilot is in fair condition, the Navy said.
Helicopters and several naval ships are still searching for the second pilot, the Navy said Friday afternoon.
Neither jet has been recovered so far, according to the Navy. The air wing was in the region providing “supporting security and stability in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region,” according to a statement from the Navy.
The cause of the crashes are under investigation.
In June, an F/18-18E Super Hornet crashed in the Pacific Ocean off of the California coast while trying to land on the USS Carl Vinson. The pilot ejected and was taken aboard the Carl Vinson in stable condition.
This post has been updated. First published: 9:43 a.m. Last updated: 2:50 p.m.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He anchors Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410547812/1410547812000/1410547812 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=two-fighter-jets-crash-in-the-pacific-ocean-one-pilot-still-missing, post_id=11542, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 12, 2014 6:50:12 PM close date: Sep 26, 2014 6:50:12 PM

Time for a Vacation in EuropeMost Recent See All
Slate Money
Sept. 15 2014 10:09 AM Does Scottish Independence Make Economic Sense? Slate Money on Scotland’s referendum, a banking regulation’s impact on infrastructure, and how education affects earnings. Cathy O'Neil, Felix Salmon, and Jordan Weissmann
Weigel
Sept. 15 2014 9:53 AM So 200 Reporters Walk into a Field in Iowa ... David Weigel
Live at Politics & Prose
Sept. 15 2014 9:48 AM So We Read On Maureen Corrigan discusses her new book at Politics & Prose. Mike Vuolo
Brow Beat
Sept. 15 2014 9:05 AM Watch Conan O’Brien Sing the Monorail Song David Haglund
Future Tense
Sept. 15 2014 8:08 AM Techno Sapiens: The Tacocopter Edition A Future Tense podcast about whether machines will solve our problems, or make them worse. Marvin Ammori and Christine Rosen
Bad Astronomy
Sept. 15 2014 7:30 AM Polar Vortex Excursions Linked to Global Warming Phil Plait
Music
Sept. 14 2014 11:44 PM A Little Bit Softer Now, a Little Bit Softer Now … The sad, gradual decline of the fade-out in popular music. William Weir
Brow Beat
Sept. 14 2014 7:10 PM Watch Michael Winslow Perform Every Part of “Whole Lotta Love” With Just His Voice Sharan Shetty
Jurisprudence
Sept. 14 2014 2:37 PM When Abuse Is Not Abuse Don’t expect Adrian Peterson to go to prison. In much of America, beating your kids is perfectly legal.  Mark Joseph Stern
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 2:36 PM Liberal Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders May Run for President in 2016 as Democrat Daniel Politi
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 12:33 PM North Korea Sentences 24-Year-Old American to Six Years of Hard Labor Daniel Politi
Behold
Sept. 14 2014 11:00 AM The Crumbling and Abandoned Remains of Italy’s Once-Grand Discotheques  Jordan  G. Teicher
New Scientist
Sept. 14 2014 8:38 AM Scientific Misconduct Should Be a Crime It’s as bad as fraud or theft, only potentially more dangerous. Rachel Nuwer
Bad Astronomy
Sept. 14 2014 8:00 AM Volcanado Phil Plait
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 2:24 AM Cops Briefly Detain Django Unchained Actress Because They Thought She Was a Prostitute Daniel Politi
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 1:29 AM Mark Sanford’s Fiancée Surprised by his Facebook Post Announcing Breakup Daniel Politi
The Slatest
Sept. 14 2014 12:29 AM ISIS Releases Video Showing Beheading of British Aid Worker David Haines Daniel Politi
  News & Politics

Manufacturing won t be out of woods: India Inc | July IIP at 0.5%Manufacturing may not out be out of the woods, says India Inc
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 08.11PM IST
(It is worrying that deceleration…)
NEW DELHI: With IIP growth easing to a four-month low, India Inc today said manufacturing may not out be out of the woods even as it hoped for positive investment and infrastructure driven environment to boost growth.
"The muted performance of the industrial sector...on the back of the negative growth of the manufacturing sector indicates that a full fledged industrial recovery could still be some distance away," CII Director General Chandrajit Banerjee said.
Decline in manufacturing output and lower offtake of consumer durables pulled down industrial production growth to 4-month low of 0.5 per cent in July.
"While we were hoping that slowdown in manufacturing had bottomed out, it appears from July numbers that manufacturing may not out be out of the woods. It is worrying that deceleration in July is somewhat broad based extending to consumer durables and capital goods," Ficci President Sidharth Birla said.
"We look forward to the positive investment and infrastructure driven environment, and a robust decision making mechanism to improve ease of doing business, as also indicated by Prime Minister, to fully carry forward the policy of Make in India and boost manufacturing," he added.
The factory output, as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), had grown by 2.6 per cent in July, 2013.
"It all indicates that the new-found euphoria needs to be backed by concrete policy action in order to see sustainable growth," said Assocham Secretary General D S Rawat.
The industry chamber said it would like policymakers to consider making interest rates charged from the investors and consumers competitive, terming the step as "necessary" especially for reviving consumer durables demand in the festive season.
"Focus on structural reforms in terms of ease of doing businesses, simplification of tax structure and focus on industrial infrastructure would be critical to revive and sustain manufacturing growth trajectory in the coming times," PHD Chamber President Sharad Jaipuria said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Email services like Gmail and Yahoo! may be banned for official useEmail services like Gmail and Yahoo! may be banned for government's official use
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 08.33PM IST
(A proposal to this effect…)
NEW DELHI: Popular email services like Gmail and Yahoo! are likely to be banned for official use to safeguard critical and sensitive government data.
A proposal to this effect is being moved by Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeitY) for Cabinet approval by month-end, sources said.
Government communication, barring those of Ministry of Defence and External Affairs, will be done using the platform of the National Informatics Centre (NIC), they added.
While Defence Ministry has its own separate secure email server, the External Affairs too may follow suit.
The move comes amid concerns about rising cybercrime and hacking incidents. Earlier this week, five million usernames and passwords of Google were reported to have been leaked online by Russian hackers.
Government is expected to route official communication through the National Informatics Centre's (NIC) email service.
DeitY has drafted the policy on use of email for government offices and departments and views and comments of ministries concerned are being taken on this, sources said.
Sources said the policy seeks to protect large amount of critical government data and aims to make it mandatory for government offices to communicate only on nic.in platform, not on commercial email services Gmail, Yahoo!, Hotmail, etc.
The policy is expected to cover about 5-6 lakh Central and state government employees for using the email service provided by NIC, they added.
To ensure smooth working of the NIC platform, DeitY will soon require about Rs 4-5 crore to ramp up NIC infrastructure.
Besides, a total investment of around Rs 50-100 crore would be required for full operationability of the policy, including integrating emails with cloud so that official data can be saved on a cloud platform and can then be easily shared with the concerned government ministries and departments.
Governments globally have also been trying to secure their official communication post fallout of the Snowden saga, which contended the US intelligence agencies used a secret data- mining programme to monitor worldwide Internet data to spy on various countries, including India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ian Paisley: From Firebrand to Peacemakerian paisley: from firebrand to peacemaker
Got HAMP If so  your mortgage may increase soon1
Five years after the modifications were made, the interest rates gradually reset, by increases of 1 percent annually to the level that average primary interest rates were at the time of the modification. Eventually, rates of some borrowers who were among HAMP's earliest participants will be pushed to just over the 5 percent mark, which is higher than the current average interest rates on 30-year, fixed-rate mortgages.
The Office of the Special Inspector General for the Troubled Asset Relief Program, a federal watchdog agency, has estimated that about 33,000 borrowers will see their first resets this year. While the median monthly payment increase will be $200 at the end of the process, some borrowers will see their payments jump by more than $1,700 monthly, according to the agency.
In Illinois, according to the Treasury Department, the median interest rate paid by HAMP participants before a modification was 6.5 percent, and the median monthly principal and interest payment should increase by about $80 as a result of the first rate increase.
Opinions differ on whether borrowers will be able to handle those increases or whether they will send mortgages into default and dent the market's recovery. On a national level, the housing market and the economy are in better shape than they were five years ago, and there are other modification programs available for eligible borrowers unable to make the higher payments.
A research brief issued in the spring by the Urban Institute concluded that "fears of massive re-defaults are overblown."
But the concerns are greater in the Chicago area, where the jobless rate and the housing market have been slower to recover. Local housing counseling agencies, which helped homeowners obtain the loan modifications, hope consumers remember about the resets and are in better financial shape now and able to afford the higher payments.
"Half of all owners with resets are in four states, and Illinois is one of them," said Becca Goldstein, director of innovation, evaluation and public policy at Neighborhood Housing Services of Chicago Inc. "They may be able to keep up with the increase. Our experience has shown us that even a modest increase can really be devastating to some households."
The first batch of borrowers to face resets should have already received letters detailing the pending payment change. The Treasury Department requires mortgage servicers to provide borrowers 120 days' notice of any coming reset and another notice 60 to 75 days before the first stepped-up payment is due.
Housing counseling agencies hope that borrowers who receive the reset letters come see them, to determine how the higher payments fit into household budgets and, if they can't, to pursue other alternatives. If a borrower was able to keep current on his or her lower mortgage payments, it's unlikely that counselors or servicers have had much contact with the borrower during the past few years.
The Spanish Coalition for Housing has started its outreach campaign on the issue with its past clients. "Some people are surprised because they didn't understand or they forgot about the terms," said Gerardo Ravelo, manager of the coalition's office on the North Side. "We would love them to come back so we can show them what this change is going to do."

After shooting 47 huge sharks in just four months  Western Australia has finally decided to leave them aloneThe Sea
September 12, 2014
Seven in three years—that’s how many people have been mauled to death by sharks in Western Australia. That’s spooked the state’s tourism business enough that in early 2014, the government launched a $1.3-million shark cull using baited traps called drumlines to catch big sharks that could potentially hurt humans.
As Quartz explained at the time , not only is there no clear evidence that drumlines alone prevent shark attacks, there’s also plenty of proof that they kill indiscriminately, including endangered species. In some cases, they might make beaches even more dangerous.
Conservationists can stop fretting, though. The WA government just announced that it’s scrapping the plan, after the state’s Environmental Protection Agency said that the drumlines posed too big a potential threat to migratory shark populations given the available science, recommending the program’s termination.
The program, which authorized the shooting of any sharks bigger than three meters (10 feet), say 50 such sharks have been killed, including five in excess of four meters; the largest was 4.5 meters. Of the  172 sharks snagged  none of them were Great Whites, the species thought to be responsible for several recent maulings.
Share
Tap image to zoom
That’s probably a good thing; Australia’s Great White population is in a shaky state. However, more than seven in 10 of the Tiger sharks  (pdf, p.22) caught were female, and about the same ratio was destroyed. Though Tiger sharks aren’t considered a vulnerable species in Australian waters, this is potentially worrying given the impact to their birth rates.
Tap image to zoom
Female versus male tiger sharks caught in WA’s drumlines.Government of Western Australia
And despite all this shark-slaughter, a man may still have been killed: In March, the body of a diver was found south of Perth with what appeared to be shark bites. (Days ago, a shark killed a man in New South Wales, which also has a shark-control program.)
Though it says it won’t appeal, the government isn’t thrilled. Colin Barnett, the state premier, suggests the problem is a “rogue shark , one that stays in one area for repeated periods,” that needs to be killed. That’s despite the fact that, from January to April, none of the 90 sharks that the program caught and tagged for research purposes reappeared.
Though the demise of WA’s shark cull might be a coup for conservationists, it doesn’t help with the very real problem of frequent, lethal shark attacks. Is there an effective—and less destructive—policy out there?
Marine biologist and shark expert David Shiffman argues  (paywall) drumlines are actually the best way to limit the risk of shark attacks on humans—provided that a team of monitors hauls up the sharks and moves them to where they won’t threaten swimmers (which the WA team wasn’t doing). The crew also must haul up the drum lines frequently enough to make sure no sharks or other animals drown on their hooks.
That might sound too good to be true. But scientists using the method in Recife, Brazil—a major shark-attack hotspot —report a 97% fall in bites.
But perhaps above all a little perspective is due. As Shiffman points out, vending machines, toasters and cows kill more people each year than sharks do.

BJP tried to contact 15 AAP MLAs  we have recordings in several cases  says SisodiaAam Aadmi party leader Manish Sisodia at the Indian Express idea exchange in New Delhi on Sept 12th 2014. (Source: Express photo by Ravi Kanojia.)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 10:05 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 8:40 am
After alleging that the BJP offered money to Aam Aadmi Party MLA Dinesh Mohaniya to resign, AAP leader Manish Sisodia on Friday said that his party had conducted more such “sting operations”. At an Indian Express Idea Exchange programme, Sisodia said that “around 15 MLAs” were approached by the BJP, and that the AAP would release videos to back this at a later stage.
“Yes, we have certain recordings, but I can’t reveal this in Idea Exchange right now. The only thing I will say is that they tried to contact around 15 of our MLAs, out of which for three or four, they believed, would break away. One of them must have been Dinesh Mohaniya,” Sisodia said. The AAP had released a video on Monday which purportedly showed Delhi BJP vice-president Sher Singh Dagar talking with Mohaniya, the AAP MLA from Sangam Vihar, about resigning in exchange for money.
ALSO READ:  AAP sting shows BJP leader ‘talking’ money to win support
Following the incident, the BJP had issued a showcause notice to Dagar. Explaining how AAP MLAs were allegedly approached by the BJP, Sisodia said, “They first come to our MLAs’ office, then go back, the sequence is like that. We have not told our MLAs to go to BJP MLAs and knock at their doors for conducting stings, but it is obvious our MLAs are being approached. It begins with a small-level worker approaching our MLAs, that is the sequence… We have recordings in several cases.”
Responding to Amit Shah’s comment that a junior-level worker’s actions should not be considered a reflection of the party’s stand, Sisodia said, “The state V-P is not a lower-level worker.”
With Delhi under President’s rule since the AAP government resigned after 49 days in power, Sisodia attacked Lieutenant Governor Najeeb Jung for not dissolving the Assembly so that fresh elections could take place.
“Of everything LG sir has done till now, the letter written by him was the most shocking for us. In his letter, instead of expressing his opinion, he has expressed his wish… He already knows what the situation is. Twenty-seven MLAs of the Assembly are filing complaints that these are the practices that are being followed, there are attempts for horse trading, attempts to threaten MLAs. He should take into account the fact that 27 MLAs are writing to him. He hasn’t considered this at all.
ALSO READ:  Kejriwal submits ‘sting’ video to L-G, wants Pranab to step in
Instead, he just looked at the mathematics, seen which is the single largest party, and tried to give them an option once. That is not correct. Instead, he could have apprised the president of the entire situation, he could have told him that on one side, this is the largest party, and on the other side, AAP’s 27 MLAs have continued…
Around 15 MLAs”were approached by the BJP, and that the AAP would release videos to back this at a later stage.

Court pulls up CBI for closure report in coal allocation case against HindalcoPrint
Written by Kaunain Sherrif | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 9:53 pm
A Delhi court on Friday pulled up the CBI over the closure report filed in a coal block allocation case against Kumar Mangalam Birla-owned Hindalco after the investigating agency told the court that the original minutes of screening committee meeting, in which Hindalco’s application seeking coal blocks was taken up, were “missing”.
Special Judge Bharat Parashar told the CBI that it should “keep its house in order”, failing which the court would start “start imposing cost on the top officials of the CBI and deduct the cost from their salaries”. Stating that the CBI had made a “mockery” of the closure report, Parashar asked the agency why it was in a “hurry” to file one.
The agency, which informed the court that primary evidence containing original minutes of the screening committee meeting was missing, was asked by the judge to submit written documents to back the same. “Show if there was any statement which says that original minutes of the meeting of the screening committee were missing… did you think the court will accept the closure report with closed eyes?” Parashar said.
The investigation officer (IO), who failed to submit the primary evidence containing original minutes of the meeting, had submitted secondary evidence in support of the closure report, saying that the “relevant” bank officials have authenticated the same.
The court responded: “Can a bank official authenticate the documents of the Coal Ministry? What provisions of the law prevented you take authentication from the ministry officials. How can you submit secondary evidence like this?”
Court proceedings then saw another twist as the judge ordered the IO to get the police file and the case diary within an hour from its Delhi headquarters, based on which the agency had initiated the preliminary enquiry into the case. “What kind of investigation have you done? What was the supervisory officer (SO) doing? Bring the police file and case diary and call your supervisory officer to the court now,” the judge told to the IO.
The SO, who then appeared before the court, was told: “You have a legal department. I am sure you have consulted them before filing the closure report. When you filed the report, have you at least made sure that it is legally sustainable?”
The court questioned the SO further and asked whether the agency had “analysed” the facts of the case according to the evidence Act. “You have collected the facts and suddenly jumped to a conclusion. My query is, did you even understand the facts of the case according to the evidence Act before coming to a conclusion? Every chargesheet should run like a story. There is no sequence in your story,” the special judge said.
The court also asked the CBI if the Coal Ministry followed guidelines laid down for coal block allocation and added, “Tell me if there was any deviation in coal block allocation to Hindalco. If any, was it within the permissible limits? Your closure report is silent on this,” the court said. The court also asked the CBI to explain why continued…

Centre tells Uttarakhand to set up virtual cadre for e-GovernancePrint
Written by Sanjay Singh | Dehradun | Posted: September 12, 2014 9:32 pm
The Centre has suggested the Uttarakhand government to set up a ‘virtual cadre’ for e-Governance taking a cue from Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra, which already have taken the first steps towards this direction. The Centre’s letter to the state in this regard appears to be a move towards the implementation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s ‘Digital India’ mission.
The Centre has recently written to the Uttarakhand government to consider implementing the proposed scheme which the Expert Committee on HR policy for e-Governance has recommended. The panel was set up in pursuance of the decision of the Prime Minister’s Committee on the National e-Governance Plan (NeGP).
“The scheme is suggestive and it would be for respective state governments to consider adapting the scheme depending on their requirements,” R S Sharma, Secretary in the Union IT Ministry, has communicated to the Uttarakhand’s Chief Secretary Subhash Kumar in his letter.
At a meeting on September 8, Kumar discussed the issues relating to setting up of a virtual IT cadre with the senior officials of the state’s IT department. He has directed the authorities concerned to select at least three resource persons from each government department to ensure maximum use of IT for “good governance”.
As per the suggested scheme for virtual IT e-Governance cadre for states/UTs, the officers for the cadre should be selected from the existing state government employees.
There is also a proposal for the mission mode project (MMP) — a project within the National e-Governance Plan (NeGP) that focuses on one aspect of e-Governance, such as banking, land records or commercial taxes. “Full time mission leaders may be appointed for implementation of IT projects with outlays greater than Rs 50 crore. The mission leaders shall work exclusively for implementation of e-Governance mission mode project. They shall be part of state virtual IT e-Governance cadre,” said the suggested scheme.
About 2-5 per cent of the existing strength of officers and staff at different levels could be selected into virtual cadre. The scheme made it clear that percentages are only indicative and the state governments may decide the category of posts and also decide on the number/percentages.

Around 42 pc voting in DUSU polls; results to be out tomorrowPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 9:26 pm
Around 42 per cent students today exercised their franchise in the keenly contested Delhi University Student Union elections which were dominated this year by issues such as right to accommodation, women security and transport problems faced by the varsity students.
The Chief Election Officer for DUSU elections, D S Rawat, said the voting went off peacefully with 43.2 per cent of students casting their vote in the morning leg of polls.
“The elections in the morning from 8.30 AM to 12.30 PM went off smoothly. Minor glitches were reported in the EVM machines at 4-5 polling centres but were rectified soon.
“The university had deployed 26 observers who visited the 50 centres where the polling took place in teams of two to check violations of code of conduct. DU administration had also installed CCTV cameras besides hiring commercial video graphers to record election activities to ensure free and fair polling,” he added.
The voting percentage for evening college students, which took place from 3 PM to 7 PM in the second leg, will be declared later in the night. The counting of votes will be taken up tomorrow after which the results will be declared, Rawat said.
According to Deputy Commissioner (North Delhi) Madhur Verma, the polling went off peacefully and no incidents of violence were reported. “A huge contingent of police was deployed at various polling centres of the university to ensure that no untoward incident takes place. The movement of vehicles was also restricted on Chatra Marg in North Campus to avoid any chaos or discomfort to students. The polling was peaceful,” he said.
Over one lakh students were eligible to cast vote in the DUSU polls for the four crucial posts — the President, Vice President, Secretary and Joint Secretary. Seven candidates each for the posts of President and Joint Secretary; 6 for the post of Vice President and 8 nominees for the post of Secretary are in the poll fray.
“We are hopeful that the Modi wave will yield fruitful results here too and we will emerge victorious on the four posts,” ABVP’s National Secretary Rohit Chahal said. Interestingly, The Students’ Federation of India (SFI), Arunachal Students’ Federation (ASF) and All India Democratic Students Organisation (AIDSO) have come together this time to form an alliance called Left Students’ Front (LSF).
Another new entry in the poll fray is Chanakya Parishad. “The DUSU polls this time are much more than the traditional NSUI-ABVP contest. The students are also looking for new representatives who can take up their issues rather than just indulging in politics on campus,” Chanakya Parishad’s President Mantosh Sharma said.
The students, who turned up to cast their vote, seemed excited about participating in the student polls. DUSU is the representative body of the students from most colleges continued…

Ahead of Modi visit  V K Singh holds grievance redressal meet for NE communityPrint
Written by Lakshmi Ajay | Gandhinagar | Posted: September 12, 2014 9:23 pm
Just days before the impending visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping to Gujarat, Gen (Retd) V K Singh, the Union Minister in charge of North East Region, held an informal grievance ‘redressal meet’ of people hailing from the six states of Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Mizoram, Tripura and Manipur who are based in Gujarat, on Friday.
Singh met close to 50 members of North-Eastern community including students, professionals and homemakers in the lobby of the Gujarat National Law University’s guest facility, which was not open to the media.
Outlining his vision for the N-E states, the Minister during his opening remarks promised 2000 MW of power via clean energy to the six states of North East by way of rural electrification, an AIIMS-like institution, skill development centers and speedy road and infrastructure development.
“Things will take time, you have to trust us. In six states, clean energy will be harnessed which is not dependent on coal or gas but will be based on solar power. Rainwater harvesting measures will also be initiated. There is a World Bank funded Rural Livelihood Mission which is dormant now but we plan to make it work soon,” he told the students.
The Minister was in Gandhinagar to flag off GNLU’s two day “India’s Foreign Relations – Southeast Asia and the Indian Ocean: Strengthening the Political, Economic, Security and Cultural Prospects” where he was Chief Guest, before he met with members of the NE community. He was accompanied by Sunil Deodhar, the Poll Manager for Narendra Modi’s Varanasi campaign, Sunil Trivedi who is part of BJP’s state election management wing and Rajendra Singh Chandel, the National co-convenor of BJP North East cell.
Speaking at the conference Singh had outlined issues of illegal trafficking of drugs, people, illegal fishing into Indian waters, illegal survey of Indian areas in a bid to start mining operations as issues that were being adressed by the new government’s ‘proactive foreign policy’.
“A new separate hostel for people of North Eastern region will be started at Jawaharlal Nehru University soon, which will be extended to all other metros soon. This hostel will be for our own people so that it becomes slightly easier for them to stay…. We know there are issues in Assam, for which we will find a solution.
While there is a small problem in Mizoram which will become big in the coming days, which is of China people coming to work at households and then staying on. Policies will be made so that things do not become illegal. If the regime becomes such, then illegal people can be take care of and identification can be done… The purpose of meeting with all of you is that you must go back home and tell your people that things are being done and that this much money is coming,” he said.
Outlining the meet as one to address grievances, Singh took questions from more than eight people in the meeting. Sunep C Jamir continued…

Alibaba counters the gallium factorLast updated: September 12, 2014 6:42 pm
Disturbing elements ahead of Alibaba IPO
By Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b1feb822-3a72-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chicago area s homebuilding recovers at slower pace0
A: (The report) was probably a little overly optimistic. It's true, the numbers are better than they were last year and the year before that. I wouldn't say that they're good, because we're still only building a handful of homes for a market of this size.
We're at 5,200 starts, but in the old days, we'd be looking at 30,000. I'd say a good number would be 18,000 to 20,000 for this market. I hate the term "cautious optimism," but the numbers are a little better and the builders are a little happier, so I guess that's what I'd call my attitude.
Q: What's holding the recovery back?
A: I'd say the reason the numbers are up, overall, is that what some of the big builders are building on are not real lots — that is, they're building on lots that they bought cheaply, and they can't be replaced cheaply. Some of them are building homes at price points they could never achieve if they had to go buy lots now. When they go to buy land now, there's no reason that they can meet those low price points. Prices will have to go up.
The other thing is the economy. You look at the fundamentals: The resale market is in good shape, inventories of homes for sale are extremely low, and that's putting upward pressure on prices, and that's a good thing for the people who are selling them. But we just don't have the job growth we'd like to see. We're still at 8.9 percent unemployment, and it's affecting buyers' confidence. And there are still some concerns about foreclosures.
I don't think we're out of the woods on foreclosures. They're still out there, but certainly, it's not the meltdown that we saw a few years ago. There's still uncertainty in the minds of the buyers.
Q: What's happening on the upside?
A: The builders in general are voicing more optimism. We're starting to see previously dormant subdivisions become viable. The months' supply of lot inventory is at its lowest level since late 2008.
Multiple listing service statistics show that demand for single-family homes is at its highest point in five years. The median price of a home sold through the MLS saw its first annual increase since March 2008.
Q: As the builders get busier, the ones I hear about seem to be the bigger companies. Have the small- and medium-size builders survived the downturn?
A: They're out there. The small-to-medium builder is having success with infill projects (small subdivisions in already-developed sites) in areas that are closer to the city. They're not building hundreds of homes like they were. They're building a handful of homes but making money doing so. You're not seeing the 700- and 800-unit developments like back in the glory days. The smaller builders aren't trying to compete with the big guys by building 300 houses, which is what got them into trouble in the meltdown. Eighty to 100 units is about all that anybody has any stomach for. The markets are getting better, but everything is on a smaller scale.

Detroit Bankruptcy Trial Put on Holddetroit bankruptcy trial put on hold
Sheila backs BJP bid to form govtNew Delhi, September 11, 2014
Updated: September 12, 2014 00:17 IST
Delhi govt. formation
Sheila backs BJP bid to form govt
Vishal Kant
Former Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit put the Congress on the defensive by saying the BJP should be given an opportunity to form the government in Delhi "as it will be good for the people of Delhi." (file photo)
TOPICS
state politics
The Delhi Congress distanced itself from the former Delhi CM's statement, saying it is her personal view.
The BJP’s bid to form a government in Delhi got a shot in the arm from an unusual quarter – former Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit. Contrary to her party’s stand, the Congress veteran said, in a television interview, on Thursday that there was nothing wrong in BJP trying to form a government if they have managed to get the numbers.
The Congress leadership, on the other hand, has been demanding fresh elections alleging that BJP is trying to come to power by horse-trading. Ms. Dikshit’s observation left the Congress party divided with the top leadership distancing itself from her statement stating that “it was her personal opinion”. However, party MLA from Seemapuri, Mateen Ahmed, backed the three-time Chief Minister.
Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay ‘welcomed’ the statement. “It’s a mature statement from a senior leader who knows constitutional norms well”, he said. The Aam Aadmi Party, however, said its allegation that “there is good understanding between the BJP and the Congress” stands vindicated by her statement.
Ms. Dikshit, who recently returned to Delhi after resigning as Kerala Governor, gave major embarrassment to her party when she said: “In a democracy, elected governments are always good as they represent the people. If BJP has reached such a situation that it can form government, it is good for Delhi.”
The former Chief Minister, who led her party to victory in 1998, 2003 and 2008, said none of the legislators, be it from Congress, AAP or others, want an election at this stage.

Barclays shares rise as new chair hiredSeptember 12, 2014 9:53 am
Barclays shares rise as new chair appointed
By Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/92678604-3a56-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PSUs cash may be used to revive sick unitsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

US Stocks Open Lower as Sluggish Month ContinuesPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Maharashtra  Haryana Assembly polls on Oct 15  counting on Oct 19New Delhi, September 12, 2014
Updated: September 13, 2014 01:21 IST
Maharashtra, Haryana polls on October 15
National Bureau
The Hindu Chief Election Commissioner V.S. Sampath. File photo: Shanker Chakravarty
TOPICS
election
No dates yet for Jharkhand and J&K
Haryana and Maharashtra, States under Congress-led governments for 10 and 15 years respectively, will hold elections on October 15, with counting of votes on October 19, as per the schedule announced by the Election Commission on Friday. The term of the Haryana Assembly comes to an end in October and in Maharashtra it ends in November.
In May, the Congress had won just one of the 10 Lok Sabha seats in Haryana while the BJP won seven. In Maharashtra, of the 48 Lok Sabha constituencies, the Congress-NCP alliance won only six, while the BJP-Shiv Sena combine won 42, indicating strong anti-incumbency mood in both States.
Announcing the schedule, Chief Election Commissioner (CEC) V.S. Sampath, said the model code of conduct comes into effect immediately. It would also be applicable to the Central Government in the case of policies and announcements related to the poll-bound States.
The schedule for the Jammu & Kashmir (J&K) and Jharkhand Assembly elections will be announced later as the terms of the assemblies will end only in January 2015.
With J&K dealing with a devastating flood situation, Mr. Sampath added that the Commission was closely watching the situation and a decision would be taken once a clearer picture emerged. An EC official told The Hindu that the J&K polls will be spread over at least five phases, if not seven as in the last Assembly elections in 2008 and the entire process would take over two months to complete. “All accounted, the EC has time till November first week to take a call,” the official said.

US Business Stockpiles Increase Moderate 0.4 Percent in July as Sales Advance 0.8 PercentPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Amanda Todd Suspect Linked to Dozens of CasesPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

U.S. airstrikes in Iraq  mapped by regionBy Dan Lamothe September 12 Follow @danlamothe
This map depicts U.S. airstrikes in Iraq from when President Obama authorized them Aug. 7 through Sept. 11. (The Washington Post)
As the United States’ air war in Iraq moves into its second month, there are a lot of ways to crunch the data that has been released. One is to track what has been hit . Another, depicted above, is to pay attention to where the bombs and missiles have been landing.
As this map shows, the U.S. military has dropped ordnance around the Mosul Dam at least 94 times since President Obama first authorized airstrikes in Iraq on Aug. 7. At least 29 more airstrikes have been conducted around Irbil, the northern Iraqi city where the United States maintains a consulate and a joint military operations center that has had a hand in coordinating a U.S. assessing and advising mission. Hundreds of U.S. service members were sent there earlier this year to get a sense for the capabilities and needs of Iraqi and Kurdish military units and how the Pentagon could best help.
The most recent wrinkle are the strikes near Haditha. Dams in both Haditha and Mosul have strategic significance : If militants with the Islamic State were to destroy them, it could destabilize large sections of Iraq with heavy flooding.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=world/national-security, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410529586/1410529586000/1410529586 tracking: {authors=Dan Lamothe, blog_name=checkpoint, content_category=World/national-security, in_url_headline=what-u-s-airstrikes-look-like-in-iraq-mapped-by-region, post_id=4109, section={section=world/national-security, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 12, 2014 1:46:26 PM close date: Sep 26, 2014 1:46:26 PM

Alibaba said to plan to stop taking orders for IPO earlyAlibaba Group
Alibaba said to plan to stop taking orders for IPO early
Sept. 12 (Bloomberg) -- Alibaba has received enough demand for its initial public offering that it plans to stop taking orders for the record-breaking sale early.
Sept. 12 (Bloomberg) -- Alibaba has received enough demand for its initial public offering that it plans to stop taking orders for the record-breaking sale early.

After floods come diseases; hundreds throng medical relief camps in J-KComments
Hundreds of people have been thronging medical relief camps in Jammu and Kashmir with complaints of nausea, vomiting, abdominal cramps, acute diarrhoea, severe skin allergies and infected wounds following the state’s devastating floods that have killed more than 200 people.
 
Hours after the army set up a medical relief camp in Srinagar’s Tengpura on Wednesday, it was inundated with people demanding medicines.
 
“Initially, a doctor was assigned for three hours in each camp, but the sheer number of people needing treatment made us run the clinic for the whole day from Thursday,” said Colonel Dinesh Singh, who is in-charge of the unit at Tengpura. 
Read: Kashmir floods: Sailing to safety on ‘Jugaad’s Ark’
 
Thousands of people have packed into relief camps in Kashmir following the worst floods in 60 years that have submerged vast swathes of land across the state.
 
“This is just the beginning, it will get worse when the water recedes and leaves behind contaminated food and water, causing diarrhoea, jaundice, cholera and typhoid,” said Dr Mohammad Yahiya Khan, a senior doctor with the government-run Bone & Joint Hospital in Barzullah.
 
Tempers have flared over what many people perceive as the slow response to the floods which seem to have taken the administration b surprise.
 
Authorities have more than 100,000 people across the state and distributed relief materials to people huddled in camps. Flood waters have been receding, but thousands are still stranded across the state.
 
“Clean drinking water is a problem. I have asked authorities to use the medicine liberally to reduce chances of disease," said chief minister Omar Abdullah. “Eight water filtration plants have been set up to distribute safe drinking water … Medicines and disinfectants such as chlorine, phenyl and DDT have been airlifted for supply in affected areas to prevent waterborne diseases.
 
The Union health ministry has dispatched 100 tonnes of 18 of 23 essential medicines and other supplies requested by the state government to replenish the depleting stock of basic medicines for fever, diarrhoea, headache and antiseptics.
 
"These are not enough. We need tetanus injections, antibiotics, oxygen, IV saline and glucose drips, and also medicines in paediatric doses for the thousands of children affected,” said a doctor in one of the army relief camps, who did not wish to be named.

Aussie hit by waning carry tradeLast updated: September 12, 2014 7:57 pm
Aussie hit by waning carry trade
By Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/22b019e2-3a7f-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US hits Russia s largest bank with sanctionsYou are here: Home > Collections > Russia
US hits Russia's largest bank, energy sector with sanctions
AFP Sep 12, 2014, 08.52PM IST
Tags:
europe
(The United States hit Russia's…)
WASHINGTON: The United States hit Russia's top bank and leading energy and technology companies with sanctions Friday, to punish Moscow for supporting separatist rebels in Ukraine.
In the latest sanctions, Washington slapped tight controls on financing for Sberbank, pipeline giant Transneft , energy firms Lukoil , Gazprom, Gazpromneft and Surgutneftgas and state technology group Rostec.
The White House actions followed similar sanctions imposed by Europe aimed at placing pressure on the Russian economy over the country's interference in neighboring Ukraine.
"Given Russia's direct military intervention and blatant efforts to destabilize Ukraine , we have deepened our sanctions against Russia today, in concert with our European allies," said US Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew .
"These steps underscore the continued resolve of the international community against Russia's aggression."
The US sanctions ban American entirities from offering anything but short-term financing to the Russian companies listed, a move that could restrict their business activities and long-term planning.
For example, and US citizen or group is not allowed to lend money to Sberbank for more 30 days maturity of the debt.
A similar 30-day financing restriction was put in place for dealings with Rostec.
For Lukoil, Gazprom, and Surgutneftgas, US entities are blocked from providing any support, materials or technology for any oil and gas exploration projects involving the Arctic region, offshore anywhere or shale-based resources.
The same restrictions were also applied to oil giant Rosneft, which was already listed under a previous round of sanctions.
"Russia's economic and diplomatic isolation will continue to grow as long as its actions do not live up to its words," said Lew.
"Russia's economy is already paying a heavy price for its unlawful behavior. Growth has fallen to near zero, inflation is well above target, and Russian financial markets continue to deteriorate."
FEATURED ARTICLES

More embarrassment for Cong: Kamal Nath says Manmohan might have erred on 2G issueComments
A day after former CAG Vinod Rai attacked Manmohan Singh on the 2G issue, ex-commerce minister Kamal Nath too questioned the former prime minister, saying he may have made a mistake in not acting despite his letter to him expressing concern over the spectrum allocation process.
“He may have made a mistake. I would go along with you. I brought it to his notice. He did not understand the import and he did not act,” he told a TV channel.
As Nath stepped up attack on the former PM, the Congress defended Singh. But Rai’s remarks gave fresh ammunition to BJP, which claimed the former CAG’s statement only confirmed what the party had been saying about dual power centre in the previous UPA government and the then PM’s failure to act.
“The 2G, CWG, Robert Vadra’s dubious land transactions, coal block allocation scam and Air India scam — all happened right under the nose of the then PM, but he did not act. The former CAG’s statement only confirms what the BJP had been saying all along,” information and broadcasting minister Prakash Javadekar said.
The senior BJP leader said that the former PM and the Congress leadership can not shirk their responsibility and need to answer some serious questions raised by the former CAG.
Javadekar said Rai’s claims about tapping of his phone and pressure built on him not to name the former PM in his reports were very serious allegations.
Congress sought to turn the tables on Rai and asked why he did not file an FIR if some pressure was brought upon him not to name Singh in the two scandals. Alleging political motive, Congress spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said these are nothing but “rejected allegations primarily made by Subramanian Swamy”.

Judge finds Pistorius guilty of culpable homicideJudge finds Pistorius guilty of culpable homicide
AFP
New Delhi, September 12, 2014
First Published: 14:00 IST(12/9/2014)
print
South African Judge Thokozile Masipa on Friday extended Oscar Pistorius's bail and set a date of October 13 for sentencing on a charge of culpable homicide.
"I have used my discretion in favour of the accused, I grant (the) application to extend the bail," Masipa said.
Pistorius was found guilty on Friday of culpable homicide in shooting dead his glamorous girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, a conviction that could result in a lengthy jail term.
A day after acquitting Pistorius of a more serious charge of murder, South African Judge Thokozile Masipa said that Pistorius had acted "negligently" when firing four hollow point rounds into a locked toilet door in the early hours of Valentine's Day 2013.
On the charge of murder, Masipa said: "the accused is found not guilty and is discharged, instead he is found guilty of culpable homicide."
Olympic and Paralympic track star Oscar Pistorius listens to the verdict in his trial at the high court in Pretoria. (AFP photo)
"A reasonable person," Masipa continued, "would have foreseen that possibility that whoever was behind the door might be killed by the shots and would have taken steps to avoid the consequences and the accused in this matter failed to take those consequences."
The "Blade Runner" stared straight ahead as the conviction was read, showing little emotion.
From the gallery there was a sound of sniffles and shallow breaths of 29-year-old Steenkamp's friends crying, including Desi Myers whose lip trembled in anguish.
Read: Oscar Pistorius found not guilty of murder
Steenkamp's father Barry ran his hand over his head while her mother June pursed her lips and shook her head.
The judge is expected to sentence Pistorius a few weeks from now and with no mandatory sentence for culpable homicide, Masipa will have a great deal of discretion over the punishment.
Shock and relief
Legal experts had earlier voiced surprise that Pistorius was found not guilty of murder, and predicted the case would likely not rest with the verdict.
Wits University criminal law professor James Grant said the state could appeal if they believe there has been an legal error.
"Everyone is a little surprised," said lawyer Audrey Berndt, zeroing in Masipa's finding that Pistorius could not have known that firing four hollow point bullets through the bathroom door would have killed someone.
Paralympian Oscar Pistorius at the High Court in Pretoria during the judgment in his trial. (AFP photo)
"She should have explained her reasoning a little more" said Berndt.
Masipa -- whose career has taken her from a childhood in a poor Johannesburg township to the country's high court -- had described Pistorius as a "very poor witness" who was "evasive" when questioned.
In pics: Oscar Pistorius on Judgment Day
Pistorius was also convicted of one of three gun charges.
Masipa said Pistorius was guilty of negligently handling a gun in restaurant, but acquitted him on two other firearm charges.
Pistorius was found guilty of asking to see a gun in Tasha's restaurant and while handling it under the table the firearm went off.
Watch: Judge announces Pistorius guilty of 'culpable homicide'
"He may not have intentionally pulled the trigger... that does not absolve him of the crime of negligently handling a firearm," said Masipa.
Pistorius, who had remained emotionless the whole morning, started clenching his jaw during the ruling.
Masipa had however cleared Pistorius on charges of illegally possessing ammunition, which the sprinter said belonged to his father.
She also said there was not enough evidence to suggest he was guilty of another count of shooting a gun through a car sunroof.
The trial, which has gripped South Africans and much of the world for half a year, has cast a harsh spotlight on the fallen hero's private life.
Full of high drama, the trial has fed intense media interest worldwide, with live broadcasts veering into the realm of TV reality.
During proceedings Pistorius has broken down, weeping and at times vomiting as he heard how his law graduate and model girlfriend's head "exploded" like a watermelon under the impact of his hollow-point bullets.

Gmail passwords leaked: Narrow escape for users but a wake call for better cyber policing#gmail #leaked #hacked #cyber security #narendra modi #digital india
New Delhi: It might be time to change your password if you are a Gmail user. A list of nearly 5 million combinations of Gmail addresses and passwords was posted online on Tuesday. But while the passwords seem to be old, the leak has once again raised concerns over cyber security.
According to experts, sectors most susceptible to hacking are banking , finance, Insurance and e commerce. Security software giant McAfee have reported that cyber-crimes cause the world economy a loss of 300 billion to 1 trillion dollars annually. For India, the figure was pegged at $ four million for 2013, according to a Delhi high court report.
Experts suggest the usage of different passwords for different websites and the purchase of an anti-virus software. Resisting downloading movies from Torrent is another option and to never fill one's credit card details in websites that don't have https in the address bar.
At a time when PM Narendra Modi is talking about digital governance, experts suggest while India must have a cyber security policy, we don't have skilled manpower to implement it.
It might have been a narrow escape for many Gmail users but this breach has highlighted that better cyber policing is the need of the hour.

TMC MP Hasan Imran files sues BJP leader Siddharth Singh for alleging involvement in Saradha scam#saradha scam #hasan imran #siddharth simgh #azad hindi #sheikh hasan
Kolkata: TMC Rajya Sabha MP Hasan Ahmed Imran filed a criminal defamation charge against BJP leader Siddharth Nath Singh.
Singh had quoted reports appearing in Bangladeshi newspapers to allege that Imran used Saradha money to fund subversive programmes of Jamat-e-Islami party which were undertaken to try and dislodge the ruling Sheikh Hasina government in Bangladesh.
Imran said that Singh's charges were false and politically motivated.
Singh had quoted reports appearing in Bangladeshi newspapers to allege that Imran used Saradha money to fund subversive programmes of Jamat-e-Islami party which were undertaken to try and dislodge the ruling Sheikh Hasina government in Bangladesh.
The TMC MP is the editor of Kalam and Azad Hind newspapers which were previously owned by the Saradha group and has been previously questioned by CBI and ED in connection with the Saradha scam.

United Biscuits eyes name change for IPO© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d982f140-3a74-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Disturbing elements ahead of Alibaba IPOLast updated: September 12, 2014 6:42 pm
Disturbing elements ahead of Alibaba IPO
By Charles Clover in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b1feb822-3a72-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

US Plans Attack to Fight ISISSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
SATELLITE: Hurricane Odile Targets Mexico's Baja Peninsula
EXPLORE.ORG: Animal-Watch in Africa!
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

JP Morgan s Dimon finishes scheduled cancer treatments: WSJJamie Dimon Cancer JPMorgan Chase & Co.
(Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon, who was diagnosed with throat cancer this year, finished his scheduled rounds of radiation and chemotherapy treatment this week, the Wall Street Journal said, citing people familiar with the matter.
Doctors will monitor Dimon, who started treatment about eight weeks ago, to determine if he is cancer-free, the Journal reported.
Dimon is expected to host the company's third quarter earnings call next month, when he also plans to resume international travel and client meetings, the Journal said.
"I took naps when I had to, went home early, and there were days when I was in treatment all day long," Dimon told the Journal in his first interview since his diagnosis became public.
He said he followed the advice he gives family, friends and employees to "take care of your health first."
At an investor conference this week, the Chief Financial Officer Marianne Lake said Dimon was "feeling fine" with his treatment for throat cancer and was continuing to be involved with the business.

Market regulator Sebi censures BSE over 2012 NMDC offer for saleThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

India staring at another insurance-linked scamThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

ISIS doesn t scare investorsWhy investors remain unfazed by ISIS
By Matt Egan  @mattmegan5 September 11, 2014: 4:22 PM ET
 
What it could cost to destroy ISIS
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
ISIS is striking fear in the hearts of millions around the world, but it's not even making investors flinch.
In just a matter of months the terror group has reshaped boundaries in the Middle East, dramatically shifted public opinion in the U.S. and provoked a Western-led bombing campaign.
Yet Wall Street is largely unfazed. That's because the threat posed by ISIS hasn't sparked a spike in oil prices. In fact, crude oil is trading about $15 lower right now than it did at this point last year.
The West hasn't been hit directly by an attack, and there are signs the terror group's momentum has been halted.
"It's not affecting sentiment here. It's being seen as not our problem yet," said Michael Block, chief strategist at Rhino Trading Partners.
Related: Why aren't gas prices spiking?
Oil markets shrug: Despite the ISIS problem and other geopolitical headaches, the S&P 500 is trading a mere 1% below its all-time highs.
And mere hours after President Obama laid out a strategy for defeating ISIS, crude oil fell below $91 a barrel to its lowest level since May 2013.
That's mostly a good thing for U.S. stocks because lower energy prices ease costs for consumers and businesses.
The lack of an oil price shock is being driven by increased American production and weakening demand in China and Europe. It's also a reflection of recent U.S. military successes in Iraq.
Related: App maker ditches terrorist-tainted name
"There is a feeling in the markets that this can be contained to a fairly compact area of the world. ISIS's momentum has faded -- maybe they have peaked," said Greg Valliere, chief political strategist at the Potomac Research Group.
U.S. bond bump: Arguably the only corner of the financial world that has felt the ISIS effect is the bond market.
Related: More US families own cats than stocks
The terror concerns, coupled with worries about the Ukraine-Russia and Israel-Gaza situations, have helped keep Treasury yields extremely low. That's because during times of fear, investors usually flock to the safety of U.S. government debt.
The low bond yields are actually a positive for the stock market because they make equities look more attractive by comparison. Low bond yields also translate to cheap borrowing costs for consumers and businesses -- another good thing for stocks.
Related: Should you buy ISIS? No, not that one
Terror threat looms: Of course, the ISIS problem could become a problem for investors very quickly if the group carried out an attack on Western interests or even on the U.S. homeland.
"Heaven forbid if they were to take a terrorist action on our shores, that would certainly flip over the apple cart," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities.
Likewise, a failure to slow ISIS down and denigrate its organization could cause a "drop in confidence" among investors, Hogan said.
The cost of the escalating military actions in Iraq and Syria also bears watching. The Pentagon recently said the operations are costing an average of $7.5 million per day.
 
The cost of going back to Iraq
But concerns about the U.S. fiscal situation have largely faded in recent years. Valliere expects the U.S. to end the fiscal year with deficits below 3% of GDP -- hardly alarming levels by recent standards.
"No one is afraid of spending here. The bond vigilantes have had their thunder stolen," said Block.
Don't forget about Russia, Iran: The biggest geopolitical concerns in the medium term aren't related to ISIS at all.
Valliere is concerned about the potential for Russia to advance on another former Soviet satellite like Belarus or Estonia. The Russia issue has had far more economic impact as Western sanctions on Moscow continue to ricochet back on Europe's anemic economy.
But the most worrisome potential crisis in Valliere's mind would emerge if the negotiations over Iran's nuclear program collapse, provoking Israel to launch a preemptive attack.
"That could truly unnerve the markets," he said.
First Published: September 11, 2014: 1:39 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Alien-Like Giant Water-Living Dinosaur UnveiledPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Only Buyers in Supreme Tex on BSEThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Only Buyers in Filmcity Media on BSEThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

US can destroy ISIS without sending troops on ground‘US can destroy ISIS without sending troops on ground’
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 12:  
The US can accomplish its goal of degrading and destroying the Islamic State without sending troops on the ground in Iraq and Syria, the White House has said.
This includes a combination of measures like air strikes, supporting local troops of the ground, building an international coalition, White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters yesterday.
“The ISIL forces wreaking havoc in this already volatile region of the world is not in our best interest. We have, therefore, an interest in acting with the international community to try to stabilise the situation.
“We can do that in a way that doesn’t require the introduction of American ground combat troops to Iraq or Syria, but rather, we can deploy a tried-and-true counterterrorism strategy that this administration has used successfully in other contexts,” he said.
Earnest said: “Essentially, that means building up support for fighters on the ground, ramping up our support to Iraq and Kurdish security forces and ramping up our support to Syrian opposition fighters.”
The White House also said that the Islamic State, also known as Islamic State of Iraq and Syria or ISIS or ISIL, is in fact following the policies of al-Qaeda.
“For a decade or more ISIL was actually known as al-Qaeda in Iraq. And that there was important coordination and communication that was taking place between the leaders of al-Qaeda in Iraq and the al—Qaeda leadership, including Osama bin Laden,” he said.
Earnest said there are indications even after public disagreement of continued ties between al-Qaeda fighters or al-Qaeda operatives and ISIL.
“In fact, there are some al-Qaeda operatives who have indicated that they actually believe ISIL is the true inheritor of Osama bin Laden’s legacy. So these ties between ISIL and al-Qaeda persist,” he argued.
“We have seen ISIL continues to carry out the kinds of brutal tactics that they employed under the previous name.
We’ve seen them perpetrate terrible acts of violence against Iraqis. And tragically, we’ve seen them carry out two terrible, heinous acts of violence against at least two American citizens. So the tactics of al-Qaeda in Iraq have not changed simply because they’ve changed their name,” the press secretary said.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Gold futures down at Rs 27 132 on weak global cuesGold futures down at Rs 27,132 on weak global cues
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 12:  
Amid a weak trend overseas, gold prices fell 0.33 per cent to Rs 27,132 per 10 gram at the futures trade today as speculators indulged in trimming positions.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, gold for delivery in far-month December eased by Rs 89 or 0.33 per cent to Rs 27,132 per 10 gram in a business turnover of 15 lots.
Likewise, the metal for delivery in October shed Rs 78 or 0.29 per cent to Rs 26,908 per 10 gram in 355 lots.
Analysts said a weak trend in the overseas market as speculation that US borrowing costs will rise sooner-than-expected strengthened the dollar, eroding the demand for precious metals as an alternative investment, put pressure on gold prices at the futures trade here.
Besides, a weak trend in the domestic physical market on slackened demand due to ongoing ‘Sharads’, an inauspicious fortnight in Hindu mythology for making fresh purchases, weighed on the prices, they said.
Globally, gold lost 0.7 per cent to trade $1,232.33 an ounce in Singapore today, the lowest since January 23.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Gayatri Projects joint venture gets Rs 159 crore orderHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Gayatri Projects joint venture gets Rs 159 crore order
R Yegya Narayanan
Tweet
Coimbatore, Sept 12:  
Gayatri Projects Ltd, in joint venture with SPL Infrastructure Private Ltd, has won an order for road work worth nearly Rs 159 crore in Tamil Nadu from National Highways Authority of India.
GPL said that the order was for improvement and augmentation for a length of 55.22 km in the Thanjavur-Pudukottai section of NH-226. The contract value was Rs 158.92 crore.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Govt to facilitate investment in inland waterways: GadkariSep 11, 2014, 09.42 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt to facilitate investment in inland waterways: Gadkari
With an eye on attracting investments in the inland waterways sector, government is looking at facilitating more funding in that space to make it economically viable for business.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt to facilitate investment in inland waterways: Gadkari
With an eye on attracting investments in the inland waterways sector, government is looking at facilitating more funding in that space to make it economically viable for business.
Post your opinion here
 
With an eye on attracting investments in the inland waterways sector, government is looking at facilitating more funding in that space to make it economically viable for business.
"We have to build terminals, waterports and seaports. We are ready to give you all facilities, concessions to make this sector economically viable for investors," Minister for Road Transport, Highways and Shipping Nitin Gadkari said at an industry body ACMA's event here today.
The sector has not been given due importance in the country vis-a-vis China, where waterways contribute 20 percent of the total traffic, he said.
"We should have given more importance to the waterways sector. China's waterways traffic is 20 percent of its total traffic and India it is merely 0.5 percent," Gadkari said, adding that waterways are a cheaper mode of transport and have great potential.
Waterways are a fuel-efficient mode or transport with barely 55 paise a km charge as against Rs 1.5 on highways.
The minister had earlier suggested utilising the entire potential of the Ganga by using it as a waterway from Gangotri to Kanpur, and Kanpur to Patna, for transportation.
He had also hinted at setting up a Waterport Authority of India to facilitate plying of seaplanes.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex hovers around 27000; Cipla rallies  Hindalco slumpsSep 12, 2014, 01.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex hovers around 27000; Cipla rallies, Hindalco slumps
Cipla topped the buying list, up over 2 percent followed by ITC, Tata Motors, HDFC, TCS, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, HUL, GAIL and Sesa Sterlite with 0.5-1 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex hovers around 27000; Cipla rallies, Hindalco slumps
Cipla topped the buying list, up over 2 percent followed by ITC, Tata Motors, HDFC, TCS, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, HUL, GAIL and Sesa Sterlite with 0.5-1 percent.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
01:00pm Strides on buyers' radar
Shares of Strides Arcolab gained 1.5 percent after Macquarie has included its top small-cap pick in India with a target price of Rs 950. The brokerage feels that its dividend could be a near-term catalyst and is positive that generic business will deliver strong growth going forward driven by market share ramp-up of recent launches.
"During the last earnings call, Strides Arcolab had highlighted that from USD 390 million of receivables from Mylan, it expects contingent holdback (of USD 250 million) to get released in Q2 FY15. With 20 days left for Q2FY15 end, dividend could be a near-term catalyst," it said in a report.
After retaining USD 50 million for the Biotech business, the drug company intends to distribute the remaining cash (post tax) as dividends. USS 40 million of regulatory escrow will be released post full resolution of FDA issues by Mylan and USD 100 million of tax escrow after three years.
12:30pm Interview
Ravi Kannan, Director and CEO of Snowman Logistics says the company expects to maintain growth rate of last few years with clear visibility on expansion plans. He says the cold chain solutions provider will add another 35 percent to its capacity in FY15. "We are looking to expand to tier II and tier III cities," he told CNBC-TV18.
He is confident of stable growth going forward. "We may take the number of depots to 37 from the current 25 by fiscal-end," he says.
Snowman Logistics saw huge buying appetite on listing day itself, starting trade at Rs 75 (the equilibrium price arrived in pre-opening session) on the Bombay Stock Exchange. That is 60 percent returns for investors over the issue price of Rs 47, which is more than grey market premium of 25-30 percent premium.
Kannan says the money raised from the IPO will be partially used to pay back a bridge loan.
12:00pm The market remained lacklustre in trade today with the Sensex gaining 21.13 points at 27017 and the Nifty rising 2.75 points to 8088.45 ahead of August CPI and July industrial output data. FMCG, auto and steel stocks supported the market whereas heavyweights like Infosys, Reliance and L&T were under pressure.
About 1509 shares have advanced, 1203 shares declined, and 87 shares are unchanged on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
Gaurav Mehta, VP - Institutional Equities, Ambit Capital expects a near-term correction that will help market from being complacent.
Ambit Capital is of the view that the Nifty has been in a structural uptrend post breakout above 6350. A fresh breakout may be seen if Nifty sustains above 8130-8150, 8150 being crucial resistance. In addition, Mehta has a 30,000 target on the Sensex in FY15.
Cipla topped the buying list, up over 2 percent followed by ITC, Tata Motors, HDFC, TCS, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, HUL, GAIL and Sesa Sterlite with 0.5-1 percent.
However, aluminium major Hindalco Industries lost nearly 3 percent. Drug maker Sun Pharma trimmed losses to 1 percent from 3.5 percent in early trade while Infosys, L&T, Reliance, NTPC, ICICI Bank, Wipro, SBI and Coal India declined 0.3-1.3 percent.
11:01

Did You Know: Bengal Assam trades at 85% discount to its investments02:30 pm
Did you know a company that owns over 30 percent of JK Lakshmi  and JK Tyre , has no debt on its books, but still trades at 85 percent discount to its investments?
The name of the company is Bengal & Assam . The company was incorporated in 1947 and is a flagship core investment company of Singhania Group.
The investment picture of the company is most crucial. There are stocks held in group companies in three ways. One is direct investment, second is via JK Fenner in which the company holds 88.1 percent stake and third is through Florence Investment, wherein the company holds 43.3 percent via direct and indirect.
Second, there is an unlisted company Fenner Industries, which is a hidden asset for the company. It is an auto ancillary company and gives an EBITDA of Rs 80 crore and a profit after tax of nearly Rs 40 crore, which is important.
Besides, the company has investments in mutual funds and has fixed assets – land, plant and machinery as well.
Importantly, the company has a market cap of only Rs 400 crore, but if one puts together all investments, it comes to nearly Rs 3100 crore, which clearly means there is a discount of nearly 85 percent on the investment held by this company.
But if one doesn’t count any discount, the value per share will actually be Rs 3600. In case of a 20 percent discount, it should be nearly Rs 2800, for 40 percent, it should be around Rs 2100, in case of 60 percent, around Rs 1440, for 80 percent discount, it should nearly be Rs 720 and for 90 percent discount, around Rs 360.
The stock is trading around Rs 490, which means it is around 82-83 percent discount compared to its investment.
The company holds 36.44 percent in JK Lakshmi Cements. Again this is the direct plus along with JK Fenner and the Florence investment put together. The JK Lakshmi Cements stake is valued around Rs 1370 crore. A 35 percent in JK Tyres is valued at around Rs 550 crore, while a 44 percent stake in JK Papers is nearly Rs 200 crore.
Udaipur Cement  is a listed entity, wherein the company holds 24 percent stake via JK Lakshmi Cement at around Rs 150 crore and many other investments. Put together in terms of stock investments in these group companies, the value comes to nearly Rs 2375 crore.
On hidden asset, Bengal & Assam holds 88.1 percent in Fenner Industries, an unlisted auto ancillary company. In FY14, Fenner reported sales of Rs 533 crore, PAT of nearly Rs 40 crore and EBITDA of Rs 80 crore. Fenner has total assets worth around Rs 842 crore.
Even if one were to take a conservative multiple of 10 times, this company should be valued around Rs 370-380 mark. And an 88 percent stake of Fenner Industries comes to around Rs 340 crore.
In mutual funds, the total investments as per the balance sheet FY14, is Rs 50 crore. The company has ICICI Prudential Money Market Fund, Reliance Liquid Fund and UTI Money Market Fund.
The net block which the company again reports on FY14 balance sheet land, building, plant and machinery is nearly Rs 360 crore.
The promoters have been increasing stake in the company. Currently, it stands around Rs 71.7 percent. LIC holds nearly 3.1 percent stake in the company. There are nearly 33500 retail investors too in the company.
Menaka: I suppose it is just a case of people not recognising the full value of this company which explains why it is trading at such a deep discount?
A: I have to agree with that because lately especially in this bull market phase we have seen that there are other stories as well which we have pointed out and slowly when the investors come to know about that they are buying it.
One concern which I would seriously want to point out in these investment companies that one of the reasons why they trade at such high discount is because of their dividend policy. They get around Rs 60-70 crore as dividend from all these investments but they only cough up Rs 10-20 crore per annum. Had the dividend policy of these investment companies been a bit liberal you could not see these kind of discounts going in- in terms of these investment companies. They have a cash of at least Rs 300-400 crore lying in. Even if they go ahead and give that Rs 10 per share discount, in the last year they gave Rs 5 per share as dividend. If they are more liberal with the dividend policy people will not mind investing in these companies.
I had a word with one of the companies whose investment company is listed. They say it is a legacy issue that these companies are listed. They don’t have anything to do with these companies. There is a huge discount going on, they can’t delist because if they go to the 90 percent mark the stock will move up and all but they are just listed because they are listed but if they go ahead and do a liberal dividend policy you will not see these kind of discounts in all these investment companies.
RELATED NEWS

some pretty strong viewsAdjustments to statutory numbers
 
1.   Where appropriate, the earnings per share (EPS), as disclosed in the statutory accounts, has been recalculated to take account of share splits, the issue of new shares and capitalisation issues.
 
2.   Free cash flow per share excludes dividends paid which were included in the free cash flow calculations in the annual report and accounts for the years 1995-2000.
 
3.   The weighted average number of shares, EPS and free cash flow per share include those shares held in trust for employee share schemes.
 
4.   Before 2005, the accounts were prepared under UKGAAP. All accounts from 2005 to date have been prepared under IFRS.
Like-for-like sales increased by 5.5%, with total sales of £1,409.3 million, an increase of 10.0% (2013: 7.0%). Like-for-like bar sales increased by 2.7% (2013: 3.8%), food sales by 12.0% (2013: 10.9%) and slot/fruit machine sales decreased by 3.1% (2013: increased by 0.4%).
 
Operating profit before exceptional items increased by 3.8% to £115.6 million (2013: £111.3 million) and, after exceptional items, increased by 26.3% to £115.6 million (2013: £91.5 million). The operating margin, before exceptional items, decreased to 8.2% (2013: 8.7%), mainly as a result of increases in staff costs and repairs. The operating margin after exceptional items was 8.2% (2013: 7.1%).
 
Profit before tax and exceptional items increased by 3.1% to £79.4 million (2013: £76.9 million) and, after exceptional items, increased by 37.1% to £78.4 million (2013: £57.1 million). Earnings per share (including shares held in trust by the employee share scheme), before exceptional items, increased by 4.9% to 47.0p (2013: 44.8p). Earnings per share (including shares held in trust by the employee share scheme), after exceptional items, decreased by 10.4% to 32.8p (2013: 36.6p), owing to a deferred tax credit in the previous year.
 
Net interest was covered 3.2 times by operating profit before exceptional items (2013: 3.2 times) and 3.1 times by operating profit after exceptional items (2013: 2.7 times). Total capital investment was £177.5 million in the period (2013: £101.8 million), with £97.7 million on new pub openings (2013: £53.2 million), £56.2 million on existing pubs and IT infrastructure (2013: £40.9 million) and £23.6 million on freehold reversions, where Wetherspoon was already a tenant, and investment properties (2013: £7.7 million).
 
Exceptional items totalled £17.7 million (2013: £19.0 million). An exceptional item of £1.0 million relates to the interest repayment to HMRC, following the unsuccessful outcome of the 'Rank' gaming duties case. In addition, an agreement was reached with HMRC in respect of a long-outstanding dispute over the treatment of capital allowances. As a result of this agreement, tax computations have been resubmitted and have resulted in a claim for a tax refund of £4.4 million and a deferred tax liability of £21.1 million. This has resulted in an exceptional tax charge £16.7 million.
 
Free cash flow, after capital investment of £56.2 million on existing pubs (2013: £40.9 million), £7.3 million in respect of share purchases for employees (2013: £8.8 million) and payments of tax and interest, increased by £27.6 million to £92.9 million (2013: £65.3 million), partly owing to a working capital inflow of £29.9 million in the year under review, compared with an outflow of £6.0 million in the previous year. Free cash flow per share was 74.1p (2013: 51.8p).
 
Property
 
The company opened 46 pubs during the year, with 5 pubs sold or closed, resulting in a total estate of 927 pubs at the financial year end. The average development cost for a new pub (excluding the cost of freeholds) was £1.64 million, compared with £1.55 million a year ago, as we continue to increase expenditure on kitchens, customer areas and beer gardens. The full-year depreciation charge was £58.1 million (2013: £53.1 million). We currently intend to open around 30-40 pubs in the year ending July 2015.
 
Property litigation 
 
As reported at the interim results in March 2013, Wetherspoon agreed on an out-of-court settlement with developer Anthony Lyons, formerly of property leisure agent Davis Coffer Lyons, and has received approximately £1.25 million from Mr Lyons.
 
The payment relates to litigation in which Wetherspoon claimed that Mr Lyons had been an accessory to frauds committed by Wetherspoon's former retained agent Van de Berg and its directors Christian Braun, George Aldridge and Richard Harvey. Mr Lyons denied the claim - and the litigation was contested.
 
The claim related to properties in Portsmouth, Leytonstone and Newbury. The Portsmouth property was involved in the 2008/9 Van de Berg case itself. In that case, Mr Justice Peter Smith found that Van de Berg, but not Mr Lyons (who was not a party to the case), fraudulently diverted the freehold from Wetherspoon to Moorstown Properties Limited, a company owned by Simon Conway. Moorstown leased the premises to Wetherspoon. Wetherspoon is still a leaseholder of this property - a pub called The Isambard Kingdom Brunel.
 
The properties in Leytonstone and Newbury (the other properties in the case against Mr Lyons) were not pleaded in the 2008/9 Van de Berg case. Leytonstone was leased to Wetherspoon and trades today as The Walnut Tree public house. Newbury was leased to Pelican plc and became Café Rouge.
 
As we have also reported, the company agreed to settle its final claim in this series of cases and accepted £400,000 from property investor Jason Harris, formerly of First London and now of First Urban Group. Wetherspoon alleged that Harris was an accessory to frauds committed by Van de Berg. Harris contested the claim and has not admitted liability.
 
Before the conclusion of the above cases, Wetherspoon also agreed on a settlement with Paul Ferrari of London estate agent Ferrari Dewe & Co, in respect of properties referred to as the 'Ferrari Five' by Mr Justice Peter Smith.
 
Further shareholder information about these cases is available in a short article which I wrote for the trade publication Propel (reproduced below).
 
Corporation tax
 
The overall tax charge (including deferred tax) on pre-exceptional items is 25.8% (2013: 26.6%). The UK standard average tax rate for the period was 22.3% (2013: 23.7%). The difference between the rate of 25.8% and the standard average rate of UK corporation tax of 22.3% is 3.5% (2013: 2.9%) which is due primarily to the level of non-qualifying depreciation (depreciation which does not qualify for tax relief).
 
The pre-exceptional current tax rate, which excludes deferred tax, has fallen by 3.7% to 21.4% (2013: 25.1%), mainly owing to the UK corporation tax rate falling from 23.7% to 22.3% and greater capital allowances.
 
Financing
 
As at 27 July 2014, the company's total net debt, including bank borrowings and finance leases, but excluding derivatives, was £556.6 million (2013: £474.2 million), an increase of £82.4 million. Factors which have led to the increase in debt are 46 new pub openings costing £97.7 million, investment in existing pubs of £56.2 million, the acquisition of freehold reversions and investment properties of £23.6 million, the repurchase of shares of £24.6 million, a repayment of £16.7 million to HMRC in respect of a gaming machine legal judgement and dividend payments of £14.9 million. Year-end net-debt-to-EBITDA was 3.21 times (2013: 2.88 times).
 
As at 27 July 2014, the company had £138.1 million (2013: £111.0 million) of unutilised banking facilities and cash balances, with total facilities of £690.0 million (2013: £575.0 million). The company's existing interest-rate swap arrangements remain in place.
 
Dividends and return of capital
 
The board proposes, subject to shareholders' approval, to pay a final dividend of 8.0p per share (2013: 8.0p per share), on 27 November 2014, to those shareholders on the register on 24 October 2014, giving a total dividend for the year of 12.0p per share (2013: 12.0p per share). The dividend is covered 2.8 times (2013: 3.2 times). In view of high levels of capital expenditure in recent years and the potential for advantageous investments in the future, the board has decided to maintain the dividend at its current level for the time being.
 
During the year, 3,068,088 shares (representing 2.4% of the issued share capital) were purchased by the company for cancellation, at a total cost of £24.6 million, including stamp duty, representing an average cost per share of 800p. 
 
Further progress
 
As in previous years, the company has tried to improve as many areas of the business as possible. For example, our food hygiene ratings are at record levels. We have 824 pubs rated on the Food Standards Agency's website. The average score is 4.91, with 92% of the pubs achieving a top rating of five stars and 7% receiving four stars. This is the highest average rating for any pub or restaurant company. In the separate Scottish scheme, which records either a 'pass' or 'fail', all of our 65 pubs have passed.
 
In the 2015 Good Beer Guide, a CAMRA publication, 317 of our pubs have been recommended, more than any other pub company. In addition, over 900 of our pubs are Cask Marque approved - Cask Marque is a pub-industry scheme, run in conjunction with several brewers, which checks and approves the quality of real ale in pubs. We continue to source our traditional ales from a large number of microbreweries of varying sizes and believe that we are the biggest purchaser of microbrewery beer in the UK.
 
We continue to run the world's biggest real-ale festival twice per annum and have added a cider festival in recent times, featuring a wide variety of suppliers from the UK, Europe and elsewhere in the world.
 
We continue to work with our suppliers on both a quality and marketing basis. For example, 97% of our pubs have achieved 'Master Brewer Accreditation' from Guinness; we are still the world's number-one seller of Pimm's, having sold more Pimm's in one day on 16 August 2014 than any other company has ever done.
 
We paid £29.2 million in respect of bonuses and free shares to employees in the year, slightly more than the previous year, of which 96% was paid to staff below board level and 82% was paid to staff working in our pubs.
 
As in previous years, we continue to concentrate on areas such as training, where we have won numerous awards and endorsements over the years. We also continue to invest in our pubs and have upgraded, and continue to upgrade, many of our kitchens and back-of-house facilities. For example, we plan to spend £16.0 million in the next four years, creating and improving staff rooms.
 
In the field of charity, thanks to the work of our dedicated pub and head-office teams, we continue to raise record amounts of money for CLIC Sargent, which supports young cancer patients and their families. In the last year, we raised approximately £1.7 million, bringing the total raised to over £9.2 million - more than any other corporate partner has raised for this charity.
 
General tax matters
 
We continue to believe that pubs are taxed excessively and that the government would create more jobs and receive higher levels of overall revenue, if it were to create tax equality among supermarkets, pubs and restaurants. Supermarkets pay virtually no VAT in respect of food sales, whereas pubs pay 20% - and this disparity enables supermarkets to subsidise their alcoholic drinks sales to the detriment of pubs and, indeed, restaurants. This serious economic disadvantage has contributed to the closure of many thousands of pubs, and the pub industry has lost approximately 50% of its beer sales to supermarkets since VAT was increased from 8% over 30 years ago.
 
Wetherspoon is happy to pay its share of tax and, in this respect, is a major contributor to the economy. In the year under review, we paid total taxes of £600.2 million, an increase of £48.7 million, compared with the previous year, which equates to approximately 43% of our sales.
 
This equates to an average payment per pub of £662,000 per annum or £12,700 per week.
 

JD Wetherspoon has reportedAdjustments to statutory numbers
 
1.   Where appropriate, the earnings per share (EPS), as disclosed in the statutory accounts, has been recalculated to take account of share splits, the issue of new shares and capitalisation issues.
 
2.   Free cash flow per share excludes dividends paid which were included in the free cash flow calculations in the annual report and accounts for the years 1995-2000.
 
3.   The weighted average number of shares, EPS and free cash flow per share include those shares held in trust for employee share schemes.
 
4.   Before 2005, the accounts were prepared under UKGAAP. All accounts from 2005 to date have been prepared under IFRS.
Like-for-like sales increased by 5.5%, with total sales of £1,409.3 million, an increase of 10.0% (2013: 7.0%). Like-for-like bar sales increased by 2.7% (2013: 3.8%), food sales by 12.0% (2013: 10.9%) and slot/fruit machine sales decreased by 3.1% (2013: increased by 0.4%).
 
Operating profit before exceptional items increased by 3.8% to £115.6 million (2013: £111.3 million) and, after exceptional items, increased by 26.3% to £115.6 million (2013: £91.5 million). The operating margin, before exceptional items, decreased to 8.2% (2013: 8.7%), mainly as a result of increases in staff costs and repairs. The operating margin after exceptional items was 8.2% (2013: 7.1%).
 
Profit before tax and exceptional items increased by 3.1% to £79.4 million (2013: £76.9 million) and, after exceptional items, increased by 37.1% to £78.4 million (2013: £57.1 million). Earnings per share (including shares held in trust by the employee share scheme), before exceptional items, increased by 4.9% to 47.0p (2013: 44.8p). Earnings per share (including shares held in trust by the employee share scheme), after exceptional items, decreased by 10.4% to 32.8p (2013: 36.6p), owing to a deferred tax credit in the previous year.
 
Net interest was covered 3.2 times by operating profit before exceptional items (2013: 3.2 times) and 3.1 times by operating profit after exceptional items (2013: 2.7 times). Total capital investment was £177.5 million in the period (2013: £101.8 million), with £97.7 million on new pub openings (2013: £53.2 million), £56.2 million on existing pubs and IT infrastructure (2013: £40.9 million) and £23.6 million on freehold reversions, where Wetherspoon was already a tenant, and investment properties (2013: £7.7 million).
 
Exceptional items totalled £17.7 million (2013: £19.0 million). An exceptional item of £1.0 million relates to the interest repayment to HMRC, following the unsuccessful outcome of the 'Rank' gaming duties case. In addition, an agreement was reached with HMRC in respect of a long-outstanding dispute over the treatment of capital allowances. As a result of this agreement, tax computations have been resubmitted and have resulted in a claim for a tax refund of £4.4 million and a deferred tax liability of £21.1 million. This has resulted in an exceptional tax charge £16.7 million.
 
Free cash flow, after capital investment of £56.2 million on existing pubs (2013: £40.9 million), £7.3 million in respect of share purchases for employees (2013: £8.8 million) and payments of tax and interest, increased by £27.6 million to £92.9 million (2013: £65.3 million), partly owing to a working capital inflow of £29.9 million in the year under review, compared with an outflow of £6.0 million in the previous year. Free cash flow per share was 74.1p (2013: 51.8p).
 
Property
 
The company opened 46 pubs during the year, with 5 pubs sold or closed, resulting in a total estate of 927 pubs at the financial year end. The average development cost for a new pub (excluding the cost of freeholds) was £1.64 million, compared with £1.55 million a year ago, as we continue to increase expenditure on kitchens, customer areas and beer gardens. The full-year depreciation charge was £58.1 million (2013: £53.1 million). We currently intend to open around 30-40 pubs in the year ending July 2015.
 
Property litigation 
 
As reported at the interim results in March 2013, Wetherspoon agreed on an out-of-court settlement with developer Anthony Lyons, formerly of property leisure agent Davis Coffer Lyons, and has received approximately £1.25 million from Mr Lyons.
 
The payment relates to litigation in which Wetherspoon claimed that Mr Lyons had been an accessory to frauds committed by Wetherspoon's former retained agent Van de Berg and its directors Christian Braun, George Aldridge and Richard Harvey. Mr Lyons denied the claim - and the litigation was contested.
 
The claim related to properties in Portsmouth, Leytonstone and Newbury. The Portsmouth property was involved in the 2008/9 Van de Berg case itself. In that case, Mr Justice Peter Smith found that Van de Berg, but not Mr Lyons (who was not a party to the case), fraudulently diverted the freehold from Wetherspoon to Moorstown Properties Limited, a company owned by Simon Conway. Moorstown leased the premises to Wetherspoon. Wetherspoon is still a leaseholder of this property - a pub called The Isambard Kingdom Brunel.
 
The properties in Leytonstone and Newbury (the other properties in the case against Mr Lyons) were not pleaded in the 2008/9 Van de Berg case. Leytonstone was leased to Wetherspoon and trades today as The Walnut Tree public house. Newbury was leased to Pelican plc and became Café Rouge.
 
As we have also reported, the company agreed to settle its final claim in this series of cases and accepted £400,000 from property investor Jason Harris, formerly of First London and now of First Urban Group. Wetherspoon alleged that Harris was an accessory to frauds committed by Van de Berg. Harris contested the claim and has not admitted liability.
 
Before the conclusion of the above cases, Wetherspoon also agreed on a settlement with Paul Ferrari of London estate agent Ferrari Dewe & Co, in respect of properties referred to as the 'Ferrari Five' by Mr Justice Peter Smith.
 
Further shareholder information about these cases is available in a short article which I wrote for the trade publication Propel (reproduced below).
 
Corporation tax
 
The overall tax charge (including deferred tax) on pre-exceptional items is 25.8% (2013: 26.6%). The UK standard average tax rate for the period was 22.3% (2013: 23.7%). The difference between the rate of 25.8% and the standard average rate of UK corporation tax of 22.3% is 3.5% (2013: 2.9%) which is due primarily to the level of non-qualifying depreciation (depreciation which does not qualify for tax relief).
 
The pre-exceptional current tax rate, which excludes deferred tax, has fallen by 3.7% to 21.4% (2013: 25.1%), mainly owing to the UK corporation tax rate falling from 23.7% to 22.3% and greater capital allowances.
 
Financing
 
As at 27 July 2014, the company's total net debt, including bank borrowings and finance leases, but excluding derivatives, was £556.6 million (2013: £474.2 million), an increase of £82.4 million. Factors which have led to the increase in debt are 46 new pub openings costing £97.7 million, investment in existing pubs of £56.2 million, the acquisition of freehold reversions and investment properties of £23.6 million, the repurchase of shares of £24.6 million, a repayment of £16.7 million to HMRC in respect of a gaming machine legal judgement and dividend payments of £14.9 million. Year-end net-debt-to-EBITDA was 3.21 times (2013: 2.88 times).
 
As at 27 July 2014, the company had £138.1 million (2013: £111.0 million) of unutilised banking facilities and cash balances, with total facilities of £690.0 million (2013: £575.0 million). The company's existing interest-rate swap arrangements remain in place.
 
Dividends and return of capital
 
The board proposes, subject to shareholders' approval, to pay a final dividend of 8.0p per share (2013: 8.0p per share), on 27 November 2014, to those shareholders on the register on 24 October 2014, giving a total dividend for the year of 12.0p per share (2013: 12.0p per share). The dividend is covered 2.8 times (2013: 3.2 times). In view of high levels of capital expenditure in recent years and the potential for advantageous investments in the future, the board has decided to maintain the dividend at its current level for the time being.
 
During the year, 3,068,088 shares (representing 2.4% of the issued share capital) were purchased by the company for cancellation, at a total cost of £24.6 million, including stamp duty, representing an average cost per share of 800p. 
 
Further progress
 
As in previous years, the company has tried to improve as many areas of the business as possible. For example, our food hygiene ratings are at record levels. We have 824 pubs rated on the Food Standards Agency's website. The average score is 4.91, with 92% of the pubs achieving a top rating of five stars and 7% receiving four stars. This is the highest average rating for any pub or restaurant company. In the separate Scottish scheme, which records either a 'pass' or 'fail', all of our 65 pubs have passed.
 
In the 2015 Good Beer Guide, a CAMRA publication, 317 of our pubs have been recommended, more than any other pub company. In addition, over 900 of our pubs are Cask Marque approved - Cask Marque is a pub-industry scheme, run in conjunction with several brewers, which checks and approves the quality of real ale in pubs. We continue to source our traditional ales from a large number of microbreweries of varying sizes and believe that we are the biggest purchaser of microbrewery beer in the UK.
 
We continue to run the world's biggest real-ale festival twice per annum and have added a cider festival in recent times, featuring a wide variety of suppliers from the UK, Europe and elsewhere in the world.
 
We continue to work with our suppliers on both a quality and marketing basis. For example, 97% of our pubs have achieved 'Master Brewer Accreditation' from Guinness; we are still the world's number-one seller of Pimm's, having sold more Pimm's in one day on 16 August 2014 than any other company has ever done.
 
We paid £29.2 million in respect of bonuses and free shares to employees in the year, slightly more than the previous year, of which 96% was paid to staff below board level and 82% was paid to staff working in our pubs.
 
As in previous years, we continue to concentrate on areas such as training, where we have won numerous awards and endorsements over the years. We also continue to invest in our pubs and have upgraded, and continue to upgrade, many of our kitchens and back-of-house facilities. For example, we plan to spend £16.0 million in the next four years, creating and improving staff rooms.
 
In the field of charity, thanks to the work of our dedicated pub and head-office teams, we continue to raise record amounts of money for CLIC Sargent, which supports young cancer patients and their families. In the last year, we raised approximately £1.7 million, bringing the total raised to over £9.2 million - more than any other corporate partner has raised for this charity.
 
General tax matters
 
We continue to believe that pubs are taxed excessively and that the government would create more jobs and receive higher levels of overall revenue, if it were to create tax equality among supermarkets, pubs and restaurants. Supermarkets pay virtually no VAT in respect of food sales, whereas pubs pay 20% - and this disparity enables supermarkets to subsidise their alcoholic drinks sales to the detriment of pubs and, indeed, restaurants. This serious economic disadvantage has contributed to the closure of many thousands of pubs, and the pub industry has lost approximately 50% of its beer sales to supermarkets since VAT was increased from 8% over 30 years ago.
 
Wetherspoon is happy to pay its share of tax and, in this respect, is a major contributor to the economy. In the year under review, we paid total taxes of £600.2 million, an increase of £48.7 million, compared with the previous year, which equates to approximately 43% of our sales.
 
This equates to an average payment per pub of £662,000 per annum or £12,700 per week.
 

Strides Arcolab up 3%Sep 12, 2014, 12.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Strides Arcolab up 3%, Macquarie says dividend to drive it
During the last earnings call, Strides Arcolab had highlighted that from USD 390 million of receivables from Mylan, it expects contingent holdback (of USD 250 million) to get released in Q2 FY15. With 20 days left for Q2FY15 end, dividend could be a near-term catalyst.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Strides Arcolab up 3%, Macquarie says dividend to drive it
During the last earnings call, Strides Arcolab had highlighted that from USD 390 million of receivables from Mylan, it expects contingent holdback (of USD 250 million) to get released in Q2 FY15. With 20 days left for Q2FY15 end, dividend could be a near-term catalyst.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Strides Arcolab surged 3 percent intraday on Friday after Macquarie has included its top small-cap pick in India with a target price of Rs 950. The brokerage feels that its dividend could be a near-term catalyst and is positive that generic business will deliver strong growth going forward driven by market share ramp-up of recent launches.
"During the last earnings call, Strides Arcolab had highlighted that from USD 390 million of receivables from Mylan, it expects contingent holdback (of USD 250 million) to get released in Q2 FY15. With 20 days left for Q2FY15 end, dividend could be a near-term catalyst," it said in a report.
After retaining USD 50 million for the Biotech business, the drug company intends to distribute the remaining cash (post tax) as dividends. USS 40 million of regulatory escrow will be released post full resolution of FDA issues by Mylan and USD 100 million of tax escrow after three years.
At 10:55 hrs Strides Arcolab was quoting at Rs 730.20, up Rs 10.90, or 1.52 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Nasrin Sultana

Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 12, 2014, 05.12 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India: Updates on outcome of AGM
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India has submitted a copy of the proceedings of the 18th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India: Updates on outcome of AGM
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India has submitted a copy of the proceedings of the 18th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the proceedings of the 18th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Live blog: Maharashtra  Haryana Assembly elections on October 15  counting on October 19While Haryana has 90 Assembly seats, Maharashtra has 288 seats. Maharashtra is ruled by Congress-NCP combine.
Live Blog
Live coverage
(Content below is refreshed only when page is reloaded.)
5:15 pm: BJP is ready, our alliance is ready for elections, says Maharashtra BJP chief Devendra Fadnavis.
5:08 pm: Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda says he is confident that the Congress will come to power for a third consecutive time. "Everyone is happy with Haryana government. This time also we will form the government," he said.
4:57 pm: Situation in Jammu & Kashmir being closely watched: Election Commissioner
4:53 pm: By-election to Beed Lok Sabha constituency in Maharashtra will also take place on October 15
4:52 pm: Counting of votes will be held on October 19
4:52 pm: Both Haryana and Maharashtra will go to polls on October 15
4:52 pm: All the nomination applications will be scrutinised on September 29.
4:51 pm: Last day of filing nomination for candidates: September 27
4:51 pm: Issue of notification: September 20
4:43 pm: Haryana has 1.615 crores voters and Maharashtra 8.259 crores.
4:37 pm: Present seat configuration of Haryana: Congress: 40 INLD: 31 HJC: 5 BJP+: 4.
4:34 pm: Present seat configuration of Maharashtra: Congress: 82, NCP: 62, BJP: 46, SS:44, Other Parties: 54.
4:26 pm: Congress and BJP with their respective alliance will be main contender in the polls in Maharashtra.
4:24 pm: NCP-Congress alliance is in power in Maharashtra for last 15 years.
4:24 pm: Maharashtra Legislative Assembly has 288 seats.
4:24 pm: Haryana Chief Minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda is hopeful of forming government in the state  for third time.
4:22 pm: The term of the Haryana Assembly expires on October 27 and of the Maharashtra Assembly on November 08.
4:19 pm: BJP which broke away from its ally Haryana Janhit Congress will contest the polls on all the 90 seats on its own.
4:18 pm: Haryana has 90 Assembly seats.
4:13 pm: The Chief Election Commissioner will hold a press conference at 4:30 pm where he is likely to announce the dates for Haryana and Maharashtra Assembly elections.

Shekhawati Poly Yarn: Outcome of AGMSep 12, 2014, 05.15 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Shekhawati Poly Yarn: Outcome of AGM
Shekhawati Poly Yarn has informed that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 12, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Shekhawati Poly Yarn: Outcome of AGM
Shekhawati Poly Yarn has informed that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 12, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Shekhawati Poly Yarn Ltd has informed BSE that the 23rd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 12, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

BPCL offers first Euro III diesel cargoes for export-tradersThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Cautious trade drags Sensex  Nifty; Sun Pharma fallsSep 12, 2014, 01.20 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cautious trade drags Sensex, Nifty; Sun Pharma falls
Cipla, Maruti, ITC, HDFC and Bharti are top gainers while Hindalco, Sun Pharma, Coal India, Tata Power and NTPC are major losers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cautious trade drags Sensex, Nifty; Sun Pharma falls
Cipla, Maruti, ITC, HDFC and Bharti are top gainers while Hindalco, Sun Pharma, Coal India, Tata Power and NTPC are major losers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
The market seems to have lost interest and trading listlessly, more eager for the weekend.
The Sensex is down 15.01 points at 26980.86 and the Nifty is down 8.40 points at 8077.30. About 1556 shares have advanced, 1284 shares declined, and 87 shares are unchanged.
Cipla, Maruti, ITC, HDFC and Bharti are top gainers while Hindalco, Sun Pharma, Coal India, Tata Power and NTPC are major losers in the Sensex.
Midcaps outperform key indices with a 2 percent gain this week.
Auto companies are in focus as the SIAM conference is underway, Tata Motors tells CNBC-TV18 that  an increase in investments in road transport will help CV sector and expects M&HCV growth to pick up third quarter onwards. Meanwhile Hero Moto sees festive season demand to be better than last year.
 

JK Bank says no customer data lost in floodsSep 12, 2014, 06.17 PM IST  | Source: PTI
J&K Bank says no customer data lost in floods
Mushtaq Ahmad chairman and chief executive officer said only two of the seven zones of the bank in the state, namely Srinagar and Anantnag, have been impacted by the floods which started last week, while the Baramulla zone is partially impacted.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
J&K Bank says no customer data lost in floods
Mushtaq Ahmad chairman and chief executive officer said only two of the seven zones of the bank in the state, namely Srinagar and Anantnag, have been impacted by the floods which started last week, while the Baramulla zone is partially impacted.
Post your opinion here
 
Seeking to assuage concerns,  Jammu & Kashmir Bank said its data centres and records have not been impacted by the worst floods in the state in over a century, but admitted that nearly 200 of its branches continue to be out of bounds.
"No depositors and stakeholders need to worry. We have back-ups of the data centres in Gurgaon and Noida which have been activated. All the data are safe," chairman and chief executive Mushtaq Ahmad told PTI over phone.
The bank stock, which rose 1.41 per cent to Rs 151.40 today on the BSE, had taken a beating during the week where it started trading at Rs 169 on Monday.
Ahmad said only two of the seven zones of the bank in the state, namely Srinagar and Anantnag, have been impacted by the floods which started last week, while the Baramulla zone is partially impacted.
While the bank has been able to revive operations at 115 branches in the impacted zone, around 200 branches still remain down, he said, adding efforts are on to revive all the branches as the waters recede.
The bank has around 700 branches out of which around 300 are in the Kashmir Valley alone, he said. Additionally, Ahmad said many of its branches are located on the first floor, which has helped the bank.
Ahmad admitted that the bank's asset quality, which has already been a nagging trouble, may come under pressure for some time but quickly added that the Reserve Bank's policy of allowing special dispensations for regions affected by natural calamities will help.
He, however, asserted that the bank is committed to help in the reconstruction efforts which will launched after the floods.
The J&K government-owned bank's total exposure to its home state, spread across the seven zones, is Rs 20,000 crore at present, that accounts for 43 per cent of the total book, he said.
Because of the floods, there may be some temporary shifts in the outstanding credit wherein the composition of outside J&K may move up, he said, adding it will gradually come back to the current levels once the reconstruction efforts start in full swing.
Meanwhile, the bank and its life insurance venture PNB Metlife, claim processing camps for the state following the worst natural disaster in the state's history. The camps aim to ensure hassle-free claim settlement for the customers across the valley.
JK Bank stock price
On September 15, 2014, Jammu and Kashmir Bank closed at Rs 149.20, down Rs 2.2, or 1.45 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 1995.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 147.80.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 20.72 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 7.2. The latest book value of the company is Rs 118.07 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.26.
RELATED NEWS

Winning larger deals in infra servicesSave this video
Copy URL
GK Prasanna, Global head - Infra services, Wipro said that the company is winning larger deals in infra services now. He also sees fairly robust pipeline at the current juncture.
26

Sensex slips 62 pts to end below 27k mark; Sun Pharma down 4%This is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Reliance Dual Advantage FTF - III - Plan D -Dir(G)This is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Reliance Dual Advantage FTF - III - Plan D (G)This is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

<b>Chaikhana</b>: More power to youThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

: Information biasesThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

