Fed announcements under Yellen a snoozer for stocksKnickers in a twist over Fed announcement? Relax
By: David Craig September 12, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Fed day, the eight times a year Wall Street braces for the Federal Reserve’s regularly scheduled announcement in case it shows the central bank is planning something that could shake up U.S. financial markets, is fast approaching.
But at least based on what has happened so far under new Fed Chair Janet Yellen, investors have reason to relax.
Every six weeks the Fed’s open market committee meets to discuss monetary policy, and after the meeting it releases a statement. Roughly every other meeting the Fed chief then holds a press conference.
What those carefully worded paragraphs in the announcement say — or don’t say — about the economy and interest rates have the potential to immediately roil financial markets.
The same is true with what comes out of the press conference, if there is one.
This coming Wednesday is the next announcement and press conference following the FOMC’s two-day meeting.
Now, there’s obviously no telling exactly what the Fed or Yellen will say and how Wall Street will react that day.
But it’s easy enough to look at the reaction to recent FOMC announcements.
The FOMC has met four times since Janet Yellen took over as head of the Fed.
And the overall move in the stock market at the end of the day following those announcements was pretty boring.
The worst reaction was a 0.7% drop in the Dow Jones industrial average on March 19th. The best reaction was a 0.8% gain in the Standard & Poor’s 500 on June 18th.
But combine all four days, and on average the market ended almost dead even, with the Dow  down less than 0.1%, and the S&P up 0.1%.
However, it’s worth pointing on that on April 30th following that announcement the Dow closed at its first record of the year. And on June 18th after the next meeting the S&P notched its 20th record close of 2014.
Just remember, one of the golden rules on Wall Street is that past performance is no guarantee of future results.

Chennai Port shelves plan for container terminalUpdated: September 13, 2014 00:54 IST
Chennai Port shelves plan for container terminal
N. Anand
waterway and maritime transport
As per the new proposal, the project cost is scaled down to Rs.365 crore from Rs.475 crore.
The Chennai Port Trust (ChPT) has dropped its earlier plan of constructing container terminal at Jawahar Dock and instead opted for multi-cargo berth.
As per the new proposal, the project cost is scaled down to Rs.365 crore from Rs.475 crore. The multi-cargo berth is designed to handle 10 million tonnes per annum of cargo, instead of 0.8 million Twenty-foot Equivalent Units (TEUs) of containers.
A decision to this effect was taken by the ChPT following a lukewarm response it received from the Request for Qualification (RFQ) bidders for conversion of coal berth into container terminal.
Till three years back, the Jawahar Dock handled coal. It was suspended following a directive from the Madras High Court.
Later, coal and iron ore was shifted to Ennore’s Kamarajar Port.
Talking to The Hindu, a ChPT official said: “We have made some structural changes to our original plan, and removed key aspects from the scope of work. We have floated tenders calling for RFQ and the interested parties have to submit their proposals within 45 days. The successful bidder has to deploy four mobile harbour cranes.”

LIC Housing Finance sees pick up in disbursementsUpdated: September 13, 2014 00:55 IST
LIC Housing Finance sees pick up in disbursements
Special Correspondent
financial and business service
LIC Housing Finance Ltd (LICHFL) is expecting a strong growth in the current fiscal in the wake of a pick-up in disbursements, particularly in the individual loan category.
“We have seen a pick-up in disbursements in most of the regions of the country, and expect a healthy growth during this fiscal,” Sunita Sharma, Managing Director & CEO, LICHFL said here on Friday.
The company hopes to end the current fiscal with a growth of 20 per cent in its loan book. In 2013-14, it grew by 16 per cent.
She said the company was still offering loans at 10.10 per cent, among the lowest in the industry, for individual borrowers, who accounted for a major portion of its disbursements. Significant portion of its individual borrowers are middle-income salaried class people. The average loan size in individual borrower segment is about Rs.19 lakh.
Ms. Sharma said LICHFL’s net interest margin (NIM) would improve during this fiscal aided by reduced cost of borrowings and higher disbursements in LAP (loan against property) portfolio, among others.
The company intends to increase its reliance on low-cost NCDs (non-convertible debentures) and reduce its sourcing from banks, which accounted for 25 per cent of its borrowings as of March 31, 2014. It aims to reduce bank borrowing share to 20-21 per cent by the end of this year.
With this move, LICHFL expects the cost of funds to come down gradually, resulting in improvements in NIM.
It also expect the share of LAP portfolio, which gets higher margins, in the overall loan book to rise to high single digit from four per cent in Q1.

Egypt vital in fight against  terrorism : ...You are here: Home > Collections > Cairo
John Kerry says Egypt on frontline in fight against 'terrorism'
AFP Sep 13, 2014, 06.58PM IST
Tags:
Egypt
(US Secretary of State John…)
CAIRO: US Secretary of State John Kerry further closed ranks with Egypt Saturday, saying it was on the frontline of fighting "terrorism" as he sought Cairo's support for a coalition against Islamic State jihadists.
"Egypt is on the frontline of the fight against terrorism, particularly when it comes to fighting extremist groups in Sinai," Kerry told a press conference with Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukri .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Seven from Mizoram held under anti-conversion law inMPPrint
Written by Milind Ghatwai | Bhopal | Posted: September 13, 2014 8:22 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 8:27 pm
Seven persons, including two women, from Mizoram were arrested under Madhya Pradesh Freedom of Religion Act for allegedly offering money to a labourer to convert to Christianity in Badwah, Khargone district, late on Friday.
In a complaint, Sunil Prajapati, 42, said he was offered Rs one lakh to convert and was told that he would find peace in Christianity. While the Badwah police claimed that Sunil was the complainant, another version said local activists of the VHP and Bajrang Dal took up the matter with the police.
In-charge of Badwah Police Station V S Parihar told The Sunday Express that besides the seven accused from Mizoram, the police were also looking for three local persons who helped the missionaries in their attempt to convert more people.
Parihar said the accused were active in the region for nearly a month and a half and the local people were under an impression that they were teachers in a Christian school. The police are yet to approach the authorities of the educational institution to verify if they were indeed teachers. He said those arrested were sent to judicial custody on Saturday.

Fried mouse found in pakora plate in Navasri RailwaystationPrint
Express News Service | Surat | Posted: September 13, 2014 8:42 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 4:44 am
A snack kiosk on Navsari railway station was sealed on Friday after a passenger found a fried rat along with a dish of pakoras he ordered.
A medical representative and resident of Ahmedabad, S M Arora, travelled to Navsari for his personal work few days ago. After finishing his work, he returned to Navsrai Railway station on Thursday and was waiting for Saurashtra express train on Platform no. 1.
Arora, bought a plate of pakoras from Swati Enterprise a catering enterprise on platform No.1. While eating he found a dead fried rat in the plate. He complained it to the stall employee. A heated exchange of words took place between them, following which, he went to station master A D Patel and lodged a complaint against Swati Enterprise and the catering stall owner.
The complaint was later transferred to Bela Meena Senior Divisional Commercial Manager (DCM) of Western Railway at Mumbai. Station Manager A D Patel also called health inspector from Surat to Navsari and the plate of pakoras was sealed and sent to Western Railway Catering and Monitoring cell, at Mumbai. By the orders of Sr. DCM, the catering stall was sealed by the railway officials of Mumbai.
Talking to the Indian Express Navsari Railway Station Manager A D Patel said, “We have sealed the plate and sent it to the Western Railway Catering and Monitoring Cell for further investigations. The Swati stall has been sealed, by the orders of higher officials. We are still awaiting the investigation report from the Catering department of Mumbai and later we will take strict legal action accordingly against the stall owner.”
Sources in Western Railway Catering and Monitoring cell at Mumbai said that they will call Arora to Mumbai and record his statements along with the statements of Navsari Railway Station Manager A D Patel, after the lab test of the pakora plate. The stall owner of Swati enterprise and his employee will also be called to Mumbai to record their statements which will be followed by further action.

Deadly Valentine  Part 10deadly valentine  part 10
Humans of Delhi  go gaga over New York blogger Brandon Stanton'Humans of Delhi' go gaga over New York blogger Brandon Stanton
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 13, 2014
First Published: 10:50 IST(13/9/2014) | Last Updated: 12:36 IST(13/9/2014)
Comments
Photographer and blogger Brandon Stanton of the globally popular 'Humans of New York' blog and Facebook page was in Delhi on Friday and the humans of Delhi just couldn't get enough of him.
More than a thousand people had gathered in CP just to hear Brandon Stanton speak. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
"For those of you in Delhi who want to say hello, I'll be in Central Park, Connaught Place at 6pm" — this post by Stanton on his Facebook page resulted in a crowd of more than a thousand people by 5pm.
Stanton, wearing a blue shirt, a colourful stole and an infectious smile, started by telling how he takes pictures of random strangers and gets them to tell him their incredible stories. "I always approach them from the front and take their permission before taking photographs," he said.
Brandon Stanton: The 'human of the world'
When he first started taking pictures of people in New York in 2010, he didn't always seek permission but does so know since the page and blog have become very popular.
Stanton is on a two-month world tour in partnership with the United Nations since August this year and has already visited Iraq, Jordan, Congo, Kenya, Uganda, South Sudan and Ukraine before arriving in India. His Indian sojourn began with a trip to Jammu, where his first click was that of a grandfather sitting on a cot with his grandson. The post says 'We are praying for the souls of our ancestors'.
Delhi was his next pit stop and he visited the India Gate lawns and then Central Park in Connaught Place.
As the crowd swelled, Stanton said he will take a group picture and asked everyone to gather for the photograph. It was then that a few Delhi Police personnel arrived at the spot, and started asking who he was and why a crowd had gathered. As they asked "Who is he with?", the crowd responded almost in unison — "He is with all of us!"
Post by Humans of New York .
Things went a little out of control from there as Stanton started running towards his car, and the crowd began running after him with many girls screaming "Brandon we love you!". The melee attracted even a larger number of onlookers who had no idea about what or who they were looking at.
"A fire has broken out in the Palika Bazaar," said a man in the crowd and soon people were looking over their shoulders to locate the smoke and the fire. Many in the crowd whipped out their mobile phones to take pictures of the 'celebrity' and mobbed the car Stanton had gotten into.
 "Arre bhai kaun aaya hai? Salman Khan hai kya? (Who is it? Is it Salman Khan?)," asked one, only to get this gem of an answer: "Bata rahe hain Bradman aaya hai (They are saying Bradman has come)."
There was unruly behaviour too as some men tried to grope girls in the crowd. Some miscreants were caught and beaten up on the spot. Finally, around 6.10pm, Stanton's car managed to move out.
'Thanks to all of you who came to the meet-up in Delhi. It went about as well as a spontaneous meet-up could possibly go. Amazingly, we were able to have a pretty organised, calm speech. Until the very end, of course, when we ran from the police', said Stanton's post in the Humans of New York Facebook page.

Fried mouse found in pakora plate in Navasri Railway stationPrint
Express News Service | Surat | Posted: September 13, 2014 8:42 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 4:44 am
A snack kiosk on Navsari railway station was sealed on Friday after a passenger found a fried rat along with a dish of pakoras he ordered.
A medical representative and resident of Ahmedabad, S M Arora, travelled to Navsari for his personal work few days ago. After finishing his work, he returned to Navsrai Railway station on Thursday and was waiting for Saurashtra express train on Platform no. 1.
Arora, bought a plate of pakoras from Swati Enterprise a catering enterprise on platform No.1. While eating he found a dead fried rat in the plate. He complained it to the stall employee. A heated exchange of words took place between them, following which, he went to station master A D Patel and lodged a complaint against Swati Enterprise and the catering stall owner.
The complaint was later transferred to Bela Meena Senior Divisional Commercial Manager (DCM) of Western Railway at Mumbai. Station Manager A D Patel also called health inspector from Surat to Navsari and the plate of pakoras was sealed and sent to Western Railway Catering and Monitoring cell, at Mumbai. By the orders of Sr. DCM, the catering stall was sealed by the railway officials of Mumbai.
Talking to the Indian Express Navsari Railway Station Manager A D Patel said, “We have sealed the plate and sent it to the Western Railway Catering and Monitoring Cell for further investigations. The Swati stall has been sealed, by the orders of higher officials. We are still awaiting the investigation report from the Catering department of Mumbai and later we will take strict legal action accordingly against the stall owner.”
Sources in Western Railway Catering and Monitoring cell at Mumbai said that they will call Arora to Mumbai and record his statements along with the statements of Navsari Railway Station Manager A D Patel, after the lab test of the pakora plate. The stall owner of Swati enterprise and his employee will also be called to Mumbai to record their statements which will be followed by further action.

Declare floods as national calamity: J&K | Rising water levels matter of concern: OmarYou are here: Home > Collections > Delegation
J&K ministers urge Narendra Modi to declare floods as national calamity
PTI Sep 13, 2014, 08.12PM IST
Tags:
floods
(The delegation, led by state's…)
NEW DELHI: A high-level ministerial team from Jammu and Kashmir today called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and requested him to declare the flash floods in the state as "national calamity" and announce a "liberal and pragmatic" financial and special rehabilitation package to restore normalcy at the earliest.
The delegation, led by state's Finance Minister Abdul Rahim Rather, submitted a memorandum to Modi putting forth several demands to help the state government which was grappling with the worst deluge in over 100 years.
The memorandum urged the Prime Minister to consider the scale and magnitude of loss to the life and property and declare the tragedy in the state as "national calamity" so that other benefits like grants from the Centre and soft loans from financial institutions could be availed.
"The Prime Minister was very positive and assured us complete support to overcome the crisis," senior minister Ali Mohammed Sagar, who was a part of the delegation, told reporters here.
While there are no guidelines on declaring any disaster as national calamity, the Centre decides this on case to case basis taking into account intensity and magnitude of the calamity, level of relief assistance, capacity of the state government to tackle the problem, the alternatives and the flexibility available within the plan to provide succour and relief.
The Uttarakhand tragedy in 2013 was declared as "calamity of severe nature" and the Centre had given around Rs 12,000 crore assistance to the state.
Modi, during his visit to the state last Sunday, had announced an immediate package of Rs 1000 crore.
Thanking the Centre for timely help in difficult and trying circumstances, the delegation said the role played by the Indian Army, the IAF and the NDRF in aid of the civil authorities made the rescue efforts extremely result oriented.
It said that the state was looking forward for continued and extended support in the shape of a 'special rehabilitation package' that will address all issue inclusively to bring the state back to the normalcy in the shortest possible time.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Government servant cant claim right to privacy  says ex-SC judgePrint
PTI | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 13, 2014 9:27 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 9:28 pm
Without naming the beleaguered CBI chief Ranjit Sinha, former Supreme Court judge G S Singhvi on Saturday said a government servant cannot always claim right to privacy.
Sinha, who is facing the heat currently over disclosure of names in visitors’ logbook allegedly maintained at his residence, had called it invasion of his privacy.
“I would not comment upon merit of case because it is sub-judice before the Supreme Court… He is an eminent holder of an eminent position in public life… Some people are visiting the gentleman… Some recording has been made at the gate of his residence and somebody has been successful in getting document regarding the entries,” Singhvi said.
“Now his claims of right to privacy… One does not know what would be the claims of his privacy… but I have an apprehension that if an important government position holder can do it today… Tomorrow a terrorist organisation operating within the country can make similar claims,” he added.
Singhvi, who was delivering Justice P D Desai memorial lecture on ‘Right to Privacy: Justifiability of Interference by Print media, Electronic media and Social media’ at the Gujarat Law Society here today, did not name Sinha though. The judge, who retired from the apex court last year, further said, “If the legislature tried to enact a law involving the privacy of an individual, it would restrict the functioning of the media.”
Now his claims of right to privacy... One does not know what would be the claims of his privacy... but I have an apprehension that if an important government position holder can do it today... Tomorrow a terrorist organisation operating within the country can make similar claims

Delhi: Congress challenges BJP to seek dissolution of Assembly#delhi #delhi government #bjp #congress #aap #nsui #abvp #dusu #de;hi assembly
New Delhi: Congress on Saturday challenged BJP to dissolve the Delhi Assembly if they are so confident of 'Modi wave' in the city which has been attributed for ABVP's clean sweep in Delhi University Student's Union elections.
"If BJP is so confident of Modi's wave in the national capital, the saffron party should then immediately demand the dissolution of Assembly and face the elections," DPCC chief spokesperson Mukesh Sharma said.
After a gap of 18 years, BJP's student wing Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad today swept Delhi University students' union elections, trouncing Congress' NSUI to bag all four positions and credited the triumph to "Modi wave". Congress, however, said that BJP should not attribute the DUSU election victory to "Modi Wave".
"If BJP is so confident of Modi's wave in the national capital, the saffron party should then immediately demand the dissolution of Assembly and face the elections," DPCC chief spokesperson Mukesh Sharma said.
"There is no Modi Wave in the city. BJP should not be happy over the defeat of NSUI, which is a students' organisation. This elections can not be seen as a political defeat or political win. They (ABVP) have won elections due to spreading of misinformation over FYUP and other issues," Sharma said.
The Congress leader also said that NSUI's presidential candidate has lost elections by just around 900 votes, which is not a big margin. In DUSU elections, the ABVP won posts of president, vice president, secretary and joint secretary by comfortable margins, bettering last year's performance when it had lost one of the seats to the National Students' Union of India (NSUI).
BJP is apparently not in favour of fresh elections in the capital and has not disclosed its stand over the government formation. On September 8, the Aam Aadmi Party had accused vice president of Delhi BJP of offering bribe to a party legislator to switch sides against the backdrop of government formation moves in the capital.

A lot more needs to be done in flood-ravaged J&K  says Ambika Soni#congress #ambike soni #jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #tracking the modi government
New Delhi: Congress on Saturday said that a lot more needs to be done by the Centre in the flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir and came out in defence of the coalition government in the state for its role in rescue and relief operation saying the entire state government machinery became a victim of flood.
Party general secretary in-charge for the state Ambika Soni, however, insisted that she does not want to engage in partisan politics on a calamity like flood, though she indicated that the party feels that Centre's response could have been much quicker.
She heaped praise on Indian Army for its role in carrying out rescue and relief operation and asked the Centre to move in more trained men and machine to restore communication and network, provide food in a more organised manner and drugs. Days after senior Congress leaders Ghulam Nabi Azad and Digvijay Singh praised Prime Minister Narendra Modi for his efforts in the flood-ravaged valley, Soni said a lot more needs to be done.
"This has to be got down on war footing by agencies mobilised by the Centre as the state's apparatus has become a casualty of the flood and in waters," Soni said.
"I do not want to bring in partisan politics but I do feel a lot more needs to be done. Just giving money is not enough. Central government must contribute in much greater measure not only with financial resources but with trained men and machine to restore communication and network, provide food in a more organised manner and drugs.
"This has to be got down on war footing by agencies mobilised by the Centre as the state's apparatus has become a casualty of the flood and in waters," Soni said. The Congress, which has been attacking the government on a number of issues so far, has maintained a cautious stand on the issue, and Azad and Singh had even gone to the extent of praising the Prime Minister for his initiative.
Responding to questions on their praise of Modi, party spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi had yesterday said,"I think we have much to say but I desist from saying anything at all in this moment of national tragedy.
"We have to join all united in our best efforts and we are fully supportive of every initiative not only of the government but the central government and the state government."
Soni also said that she does not want do politics on the issue but expressed concern over the anger among the flood affected people. "There is great anger among people. There is bound to be anger as they are suffering," she said, but defended the state government saying "the entire machinery of the state government was a victim of flood and that is why the state government was not able to make the state machinery move.
Soni said that the anger among the flood affected people was there because they do not know what steps were being taken, and the central government should employ all communication means like Doordarshan, AIR and FM radios to reassure them. "The central government should deploy official spokespersons in flood affected areas, who reach out to victims on available radio and television networks. There is a need to create confidence among people.
"People are angry because they do not know what is happening. Regular announcements should be made regarding the situation," she said. Soni said that instead of airdropping food packets, the Centre should set up camp langars or community kitchens in the available dry patches in the flood-affected regions to provide food to the victims. "After two three days of no rain, this should happen now."
The Congress leader said besides arresting the wastage of food going into water, it will also check the unpleasant pleasant scramble of people for food packets, where they are being dropped.
While defended the role of the state government, Soni said all its resources were under water. She heaped praises on the Indian Army saying "but for the
Army what would have happened there. They have done a great job." She also lauded her party's frontal wings NSUI, Seva Dal and Youth Congress for the "relief work at the ground" and said their experiment of involving the local youths in relief works have worked well.
Soni said that Centre should also put in personnel to restore communication networks in the state. "It's eight-nine days now and these things should have happened by this time," she said, adding "just monetary help was not enough". The Prime Minister had declared a Rs 1000 crore package for Jammu and Kashmir immediately after the flood. The Congress leader said that the government should also arrange for a large number of mobile dispensaries in flood affected regions for disbursing drugs. "I feel the anger among people will go down if food and medicines are distributed effectively," she said.
The Congress-NC state government has come under criticism over its handling of relief work and senior Congress leader Saifuddin Soz had faced angry questions by victims some days back.

Prevent sexual harassment  Irani tells vice chancellorsChandigarh/New Delhi: Human Resource Development (HRD) Minister Smriti Irani on Saturday exhorted all vice chancellors (VCs) of central universities to ensure prevention of sexual harassment.
Irani said this at a two-day retreat of vice chancellors of central universities in Chandigarh Sep 12-13.
"The minister exhorted all VCs to ensure prevention of sexual harassment of students and staff at all costs," a ministry statement said in New Delhi.
They were also requested to ensure that their campuses/constituent colleges become fully wi-fi enabled as soon as possible.
"All central universities should ensure proper facilities and infrastructure for disabled students," the statement said.
Also, the University Grants Commission (UGC) was requested to formulate regulations wherein the students coming out of vocational stream are not discriminated against vis-a-vis those coming out of the general streams.
"Forty great personalities of India would be identified. All universities were requested to locate the schools/colleges/universities which had the proud privilege of teaching these great personalities and take action to develop/improve the facilities and infrastructure in these institutions," the ministry statement said.
It was also said that each central university will display on its website, within a period of one month, all relevant information including the profile of teachers, calendar of activity of university, academic calendar, names of members of all statutory bodies alongwith their tenure, research output, information on budget, vacancy, tenure of registrar and finance officer.
The VCs were requested to encourage the faculty in central universities to offer free online courses to citizens under the Digital India initiative of SWAYAM (Study Webs of Active Learning for Young Aspiring Minds) through the MOOCs (massive open online courses) platform.
They were also requested to ensure that their campuses/constituent colleges become fully wi-fi enabled as soon as possible.

Punjab Deputy CM Sukhbir Badal meets Sushma Swaraj over problems of SikhsPunjab Deputy CM Sukhbir Badal meets Sushma Swaraj over problems of Sikhs
Sep 13, 2014 at 10:35pm IST
#sikhs #punjab #sukhbir badal #sushma swaraj #mea #tracking the modi government #upa
New Delhi: Punjab Deputy Chief Minister Sukhbir Singh Badal, along with a delegation of Sikh leaders, on Saturday met External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj and demanded that the issues pertaining to Sikhs in the United States be included in the agenda of meeting between Prime Minister Narendra Modi and US President Barack Obama.
Seeking early redressal of the issues pertaining to Sikhs, the Shiromani Akali Dal chief asked Swaraj to put these issues on the agenda of the Prime Minister during his visit to the US.
Badal said that there was need to take a sympathetic view on the issue of the asylum-seekers who sought political asylum in foreign countries either due to economic reasons or during the militancy era of 1980s.
Sushma Swaraj assured Badal that the issue of political asylum seekers and also of blacklisted Punjabis will be considered sympathetically and the government's priority was to free all abducted persons who are held captive in Iraq.
Badal asked the External Affairs Minister to grant travel documents and visas to them, besides allowing them to apply for Indian citizenship as the case may be without delay, saying the Congress-led UPA regime has miserably failed to address the issues concerning Sikhs.
Badal also took up the issue of 41 Indians abducted and held captive in Iraq and took an update from the minister on their status and efforts made by the Centre to free them as soon as possible.
Highlighting the issue of racial attacks on Sikhs in different parts of the world, Badal laid stress on the need to sensitise all officials in Indian Missions abroad to take up the issues concerning Sikhs.
He also laid emphasis on the need to take up the issue of Indian farmers in Georgia and asked for diplomatic efforts to sort out the issue. "A number of Punjabis were invited by Georgia to own farmlands there a few years ago. These Punjabis bought the land in Georgia and were doing farming there. Every year,
these Punjabis come back to India for holidays but for the last six months they are not being given visa by Georgia to return and their land is being confiscated," he said.
Swaraj assured Badal that the issue of political asylum seekers and also of blacklisted Punjabis will be considered sympathetically and the government's priority was to free all abducted persons who are held captive in Iraq.
She assured that efforts will be made to sensitise foreign missions abroad about Sikhs and the situation in Georgia be handled amicably. Rajya Sabha MP Naresh Gujaral and former Union Minister Balwant Singh Ramoowalia were part of the delegation.

J&K floods: Relief operations underway to restore communication and reconnect the valley#jammu and kashmir floods #army #ndrf #poonch #jammu srinagar highway
Jammu: A week after the devastating floods in Jammu and Kashmir the focus is now on relief work and reconnecting the Valley.
The Army and Border Roads Organisation hoping to repair and re-open the Jammu-Srinagar highway could still take four more days. The Army is also saying it's working to restore electricity and water supply.
Telecom services in the Kashmir Valley are being normalised with BSNL working to restore around 80 per cent of the affected network. The government has said that people in Jammu & Kashmir can talk for free for a week on BSNL network- and that mobile networks are up in most parts of the state except Poonch.
Since the Jammu-Srinagar national highway is closed, people have walked all the way through the hills for medical treatment by the army unit and civil administration
The situation in Srinagar is grim with adultered food and water causing people to fall sick. The Army unit is, however helping them with medical facilities.
A landslide affected Panjar and Panchari area in Udhupur district where rescue operations are still on. 40 people have reportedly got buried with the NDRF and J&K police working to rescue those trapped.
Udhupur district, Rajouri, Poonch and Kashmir valley are the worst affected areas in the floods.

Several parts still under water  Srinagar says Omar govt not doing enoughA Kashmiri flood victim stretches out his hand to receive bottled water distributed by policemen in Srinagar, India, Saturday, Sept. 13, 2014. (Source: PTI)
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: September 13, 2014 9:58 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 9:59 pm
Seven days after Jammu and Kashmir was hit by its worst floods in 60 years, several areas continued to remain submerged on Saturday, including large parts of the capital Srinagar.
Although transport in some parts of the city resumed, many areas like Lal Chowk and Residency Road continued to remain submerged, with water levels at some places measuring up to 12 feet high.
READ: Mobile networks partially restored, Centre announces free talktime on BSNL
“It will take weeks to return to normalcy, houses are still under water and only civil relief workers are visible,” said Javid Ahmad, a resident of Baghat, targeting the Omar Abdullah government.
With no pumps installed yet to drain out the water, several residents complained that the government was not doing enough. “It is seventh day, but the government is not visible, people are still stuck in their homes at Bemina, Qamarwari and Tengpora localities,” said Nisar Ahmad, whose relatives are struck at Bemina.
The Valley is also facing a severe shortage of fuel and arrangements were being made to bring fuel tankers stranded on the national highway into the city and rural towns, said officials.
Although telephone services have resumed in some parts of the city, the old parts of Srinagar continue to remain out of coverage.
Forces rescue over 1.42 lakh people so far, relief operations continue
The Radio Kashmir Srinagar, which had stopped functioning after water submerged the station that is located on the banks of Jhelum, in the meantime has resumed its service and is helping people to find their missing relatives through public announcements.
In another development, political parties on Saturday came together to issue a joint appeal to individuals and organisations within and outside the state to help the affected people in “every possible way”. A resolution was passed at an all-party meeting, convened by Chief Minister Omar Abdullah to deliberate over flood crisis response, which expressed complete solidarity with the affected people and resolved to rebuild the state.
After the meeting, Abdullah said all parties were supportive of the rescue and relief operations. He appreciated the fact that the parties came together and sent out a joint message. “If NC and PDP can sit together and send out a joint message, if BJP and Congress can sit together and send out a joint message, rest of the people too can join hands in this hour of crisis,” Omar was quoted by PTI as saying.
It is seventh day, but the government is not visible, people are still stuck in their homes.

EU seeks billions of euros to revive sluggish economyeconomy
(The European Union sought…)
MILAN: The European Union sought ways on Saturday to marshal billions of euros into its sluggish economy without getting deeper into debt, casting the net wide to consider options from a pan-European capital market to a huge investment fund.
Finance ministers from the bloc's 28 countries are fleshing out a host of ideas circulating in European capitals. With interest rates already at record lows, ministers need radical steps to help growth at a time of near record unemployment.
From Poland's 700-billion-euro ($907 billion) 'European Fund for Investments' to the European Central Bank's plan to resurrect the EU's market for asset-backed securities, Europe's ability to get credit flowing to small companies is central to its economic revival.
"We're thinking about instruments that facilitate investments," Italy's economy minister, Pier Carlo Padoan, said as he arrived for the gathering in Milan.
Resources (for investments) will come mostly from the private sector but of course public sector resources will be instrumental in leveraging them," he said.
The European Union's economy, which generates about a quarter of global output, grew by just 0.1 per cent last year and its jobless rate is almost double that of the United States, with around 25 million people unemployed.
Investment is the new buzz word among ministers, overriding the German mantra of budget cuts. Germany is under growing pressure from partners like France and Italy to loosen the fiscal reins and use its overflowing government coffers to ramp up public investment.
But German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble this week rebuffed calls for Berlin to spend more to boost the euro zone economy which showed no growth in the second quarter as recovery stalls.
In a speech in Milan, ECB President Mario Draghi described business investment as "one of the great casualties" of the financial crisis, saying it has fallen 20 percent since 2008.
"We will not see a sustainable recovery unless this changes," he told officials on Thursday night.
The incoming president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, wants a 300 billion-euro ($410 billion) investment programme to revive the European economy.
Unlike in the United States, European companies rely on banks to provide 80 per cent of loans, but banks are reluctant to lend following the worst crisis in a generation.
In Italy, Europe's fourth-largest economy, credit to companies has shrunk by more than 70 billion euros since mid-2011 and is still contracting, central bank data shows.
That problem is mirrored across Europe, holding back the recovery because smaller companies provide two out of every three private-sector jobs in the European Union.
ITALIAN ORGANIC JAM
Indebted countries like Italy and France have little public money for businesses. Another hangover of the crisis is the differing cost of financing across the euro zone in a currency area that aimed to create the same financing conditions for all.
At their meeting, ministers have four ideas in front of them: an Italian paper on new financing tools for companies, a Franco-German proposal on how to boost private investments, a Polish proposal on creating a joint EU fund and the Juncker Commission's call for the 300-billion-euro programme.
Poland wants a 'European Fund for Investments' that would be able to finance, through leveraging its own capital, 700 billion euros worth of investment. The fund could be a special-purpose vehicle under the umbrella of the European Investment Bank, the EU bank owned by European governments.
"The European Investment Bank isn't short of money. There's a shortage of projects and if we can match the money with good projects, we'll get there," said Luxembourg's finance minister, Pierre Gramegna.
Italy's proposal is a pan-European market, where smaller companies can raise capital, building on its "minibond" legislation in 2012 that allows unlisted companies to issue.
That could be part of a EU capital-market union, building on the euro zone's banking union, but that will need to closely involve London, the leading financial centre in Europe.
Twenty-six Italian family businesses, including one that makes organic jam, issued bonds in the past two months, raising 1 billion euros combined, according to the Italian treasury.
 
"This is not just about funding small companies per se, it is about funding high growth companies," said Nicolas Veron, an expert on capital markets at the Bruegel economic think-tank in Brussels. "They start small but the ones you are really interested in are the ones with the high growth potential."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will Apple Pay make the card swipe redundantWill Apple's digital wallet, Apple Pay make the card swipe redundant?
By AP | 14 Sep, 2014, 12.34AM IST
Apple Pay, which will work both with iPhones and Apple Watch, is backed by a host of big retailers, along with most major banks & credit card issuers.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW YORK: Apple wants the plastic credit card to become as rare as the paper check.
On Tuesday, the company announced Apple Pay, a digital payment system that lets people pay for retail store purchases using their phones rather than cash or credit cards. The service, which will work both with iPhones and Apple's new Watch, is backed by a host of big retailers, along with most major banks and credit card issuers, including Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
So-called contactless payment isn't new. Starbucks, McDonald's, PayPal, Google and Square offer their own services, but only a small portion of customers use them. Some experts believe Apple Pay with its presence on millions of iPhones and its advanced security features could be the service that leads to widespread adoption of the digital wallet.
Citi Investment Research analyst Mark May believes the sum total of mobile payments could grow from $1 billion in 2013 to $58.4 billion by 2017.
Payment digitization paints an enticing vision of shopping's future: simply tap your device against a checkout screen and walk away with your new shoes.
But despite the flashy Apple Pay launch, Apple faces challenges making that vision a reality. The company and other digital wallet providers must convince shoppers that the transactions are safe especially in the wake of recent high-profile data breaches at Home Depot and Target. Meanwhile, the company must also make a case to retailers that it's worth it for them to invest in new point-of-sale systems.
Many US merchants still aren't sold on the idea. About 220,000 stores are set up to accept Apple Pay. That's only 5.5 per cent of the 3.6 million retail locations in the US, according to the National Retail Federation. The biggest US retailers, including Wal-Mart and Best Buy, are not participating in Apple Pay.
The main reason is cost. Each point-of-sale device, which uses something called near-field communication technology, costs hundreds of dollars, plus hours of worker training. And there's been little customer demand for the systems.
That may change now that Apple has entered the arena, says Gartner analyst Avivah Litan.
"There's no doubt young people want to use phones to make payments, but they have to have a place to pay,'' says Litan. She predicts bigger retailers will see how well Apple partners like McDonald's do before they move into mobile payments.
"If it goes well at other retailers, Wal-Mart and other companies may break down and start taking it,'' Litan says.
In countries such as Canada and the UK, contactless point-of-sale systems are widespread, and as a result, such payments are far more common. In Canada, for instance, about 20 percent of transactions at registers processed by MasterCard are completed by contactless payment, according to MasterCard.
"What you learn from that is when consumers start 'tapping' two or three times, they never go back to their old behavior at that merchant. ... It's just a much better experience,'' says Ed McLaughlin, chief emerging payments officer at MasterCard.
One of the strengths of Apple Pay is its security. Its system uses the company's Touch ID fingerprint technology, a secure chip, and payments that require a one-time security code.
That kind of security similar to the chip-and-pin credit card system used in Europe would prevent the type of breaches that happened at Target and Home Depot. And it could be a compelling reason for retailers to adopt Apple Pay, Litan says.
"If you get enough people using the service, it would cut down on retailers' security costs, and that's why over time it may really take off,'' she says.
Still, not everyone is convinced that swiping a credit or debit card is that much of an inconvenience in the first place. Bill Ready, head of next generation commerce at PayPal, points out that near-field communication has been around for 10 years without catching on. His vision of the mobile payment future is more akin to an ``e-commerce style transaction happening in the physical world,'' he says, citing the example of car-sharing service Uber, which works with PayPal to processes riders' payments by way of a mobile phone app.
Page 1 of 2

India seeks cooperation for youth skills pro...You are here: Home > Collections > Mou
India seeks cooperation from US, South Korea and Australia for youth skills programme
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 12.16AM IST
Tags:
Australia
(As part of Modi's 'Skill…)
MELBOURNE: As part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Skill India' programme, India has reached out to the US, South Korea and Australia for securing their cooperation in skilling the youth for enhancing employment opportunities.
Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar met his counterparts of the three nations on the sidelines of the Labour and Employment Ministerial Conference of G20 nations here and deliberated various issues of mutual interest pertaining to labour and employment scenario.
Appraising US Secretary of Labour Thomas Perez during his meeting about the 'Skill India' programme initiated by Prime Minister Modi, Tomar said that new ITIs are being opened up in unserved areas under Public-Private-Partnership (PPP) mode.
He said that to create skills matching the needs of the industry, the ministry is entering into flexi-MoUs with industry and designing customised training courses and added that under the new government, a new Skill Ministry has been created to focus on the task of skill development.
Observing that MoU between the two countries signed three years back has been particularly successful in ensuring cooperation in the area of occupational safety, Perez said the two countries can widen the scope of cooperation and work together in the field of skill development under the MoU.
"Both sides agreed to take the MoU forward and scale up their level of cooperation in the field of labour in the coming days," a ministry press statement said.
Perez also expressed his desire to learn from India's experience on meeting the challenge of job creation and increasing labour force participation rate on such a large scale. He offered full cooperation to India in its skill development efforts, the statement said.
Perez said that that the two largest and oldest democracies of the world have a number of things in common.
Tomar also met Minister of Employment and Labour of South Korea Lee Ki-kweon who proposed to have an MoU with India in distance learning programme and showed interest in need-based training initiated by India under flexi-MoU.
"Minister of Labour, Korea proposed that Hyundai can train youth who live or work around industrial locations of Hyundai in India, for enhancing their employability. Both ministers agreed for enhanced and sustained engagement at bilateral level," the statement said.
Tomar also met Australian Minister of Employment Eric Abetz who proposed signing of MoU between the two countries for taking forward the cooperation on labour issues especially to match the skill requirements of Australian industry.
"If a planned programme can be conceptualised to synchronise the skill requirements of Australian industry and the skill training in India, more Indians can come to Australia for work and it will be a win-win situation," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Several parts still under water  Srinagar says Omar govt not doingenoughA Kashmiri flood victim stretches out his hand to receive bottled water distributed by policemen in Srinagar, India, Saturday, Sept. 13, 2014. (Source: PTI)
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: September 13, 2014 9:58 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 9:59 pm
Seven days after Jammu and Kashmir was hit by its worst floods in 60 years, several areas continued to remain submerged on Saturday, including large parts of the capital Srinagar.
Although transport in some parts of the city resumed, many areas like Lal Chowk and Residency Road continued to remain submerged, with water levels at some places measuring up to 12 feet high.
READ: Mobile networks partially restored, Centre announces free talktime on BSNL
“It will take weeks to return to normalcy, houses are still under water and only civil relief workers are visible,” said Javid Ahmad, a resident of Baghat, targeting the Omar Abdullah government.
With no pumps installed yet to drain out the water, several residents complained that the government was not doing enough. “It is seventh day, but the government is not visible, people are still stuck in their homes at Bemina, Qamarwari and Tengpora localities,” said Nisar Ahmad, whose relatives are struck at Bemina.
The Valley is also facing a severe shortage of fuel and arrangements were being made to bring fuel tankers stranded on the national highway into the city and rural towns, said officials.
Although telephone services have resumed in some parts of the city, the old parts of Srinagar continue to remain out of coverage.
Forces rescue over 1.42 lakh people so far, relief operations continue
The Radio Kashmir Srinagar, which had stopped functioning after water submerged the station that is located on the banks of Jhelum, in the meantime has resumed its service and is helping people to find their missing relatives through public announcements.
In another development, political parties on Saturday came together to issue a joint appeal to individuals and organisations within and outside the state to help the affected people in “every possible way”. A resolution was passed at an all-party meeting, convened by Chief Minister Omar Abdullah to deliberate over flood crisis response, which expressed complete solidarity with the affected people and resolved to rebuild the state.
After the meeting, Abdullah said all parties were supportive of the rescue and relief operations. He appreciated the fact that the parties came together and sent out a joint message. “If NC and PDP can sit together and send out a joint message, if BJP and Congress can sit together and send out a joint message, rest of the people too can join hands in this hour of crisis,” Omar was quoted by PTI as saying.
It is seventh day, but the government is not visible, people are still stuck in their homes.

Government servant cant claim right to privacy  says ex-SCjudgePrint
PTI | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 13, 2014 9:27 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 9:28 pm
Without naming the beleaguered CBI chief Ranjit Sinha, former Supreme Court judge G S Singhvi on Saturday said a government servant cannot always claim right to privacy.
Sinha, who is facing the heat currently over disclosure of names in visitors’ logbook allegedly maintained at his residence, had called it invasion of his privacy.
“I would not comment upon merit of case because it is sub-judice before the Supreme Court… He is an eminent holder of an eminent position in public life… Some people are visiting the gentleman… Some recording has been made at the gate of his residence and somebody has been successful in getting document regarding the entries,” Singhvi said.
“Now his claims of right to privacy… One does not know what would be the claims of his privacy… but I have an apprehension that if an important government position holder can do it today… Tomorrow a terrorist organisation operating within the country can make similar claims,” he added.
Singhvi, who was delivering Justice P D Desai memorial lecture on ‘Right to Privacy: Justifiability of Interference by Print media, Electronic media and Social media’ at the Gujarat Law Society here today, did not name Sinha though. The judge, who retired from the apex court last year, further said, “If the legislature tried to enact a law involving the privacy of an individual, it would restrict the functioning of the media.”
Now his claims of right to privacy... One does not know what would be the claims of his privacy... but I have an apprehension that if an important government position holder can do it today... Tomorrow a terrorist organisation operating within the country can make similar claims

A search for historys voices throws up many gemsUpdated: September 13, 2014 23:26 IST
A search for history’s voices throws up many gems
Omar Rashid
IRS officer A.N Sharma and his daughter Anukriti at his office in Mumbai. Photo: Omar Rashid
TOPICS
arts, culture and entertainment
In June, Amar Nath Sharma, an Indian Revenue Service officer, decided to take some time off from work in Hyderabad and ventured towards the Charminar. He, however, was not visiting the landmark structure; he wandered off into the city’s by-lanes in search of something less appealing. Scrap.
Rummaging through a scrap collection, Mr. Sharma stumbled upon a rare recording of Husnajan, a prominent pre-Independence era tawaif (courtesan) in Varanasi. This was more than just a lucky find: it was in fact the latest addition to his great collection of sound records and 200-odd rare cylinders that document the early aural history of India. Cylinders are hollow wax rolls that are played on a phonograph.
“You don’t find a gem every day. It takes consistency and persistence, but more than that, honesty,” said Mr. Sharma, a 1980 batch IFS and 1982 batch IRS officer from Bihar. Unfailing has been his commitment to finding rare records and cylinders from across the country. Though he was educated in botany, and professionally deals with customs and excise, Mr. Sharma’s singular obsession is archiving the history of Indian sound and to “establish the aural history of India.”
Last week, Union Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar launched Mr. Sharma’s second book, The Wonder That Was The Cylinder, an account of cylindrical records of legendary Indian artistes from the 19th Century — the era of the phonograph and the wax cylinder — that he has co-authored along with his daughter Anukriti.
Though Mr. Sharma was always an ardent music fan, his journey towards archiving sounds happened by chance. Two decades ago, he stumbled upon some rare and old records while browsing scrap on the footpaths of Kolkata. With time, he also began sourcing the records and cylinders from private collectors. “When I saw these records, dated from the first decade of 1900, I assumed they must have been popular records, of some value during the colonial period. Yet they were in a pitiable condition, unknown to public. So I decided to explore.”
With persistence, and some luck, Mr. Sharma turned into a devoted researcher and chronicler of Indian sound. Over time, his postings across India, including in Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh and Delhi, helped him broaden his collection.
In 2012, he released his first book, Bajanama, which documents early part of Indian recording. Among Mr. Sharma’s collection are the oldest voice recording in India dated 1899, rare records of Ustab Bismillah Khan’s uncle, Surendranath Banerjee’s rendition of Vande Mataram, and the speech Dadasaheb Phalke made after making Raja Harishchandra, the country’s film ever silent film.
The cylinders also capture the voices of the doyens of Indian cinema/Hindustani classical music, including Pandit Vishnu Digambar Paluskar, Ustad Alladiya Khan, Gauhar Jaan, Bhaurao Kolhatkar, Pandit Balkrishnabuwa and Allahbandi of Jaipur.

Calls for help ignored  they dialledradioThe Army clears debris at Saddal village.
Written by Arun Sharma | Posted: September 14, 2014 12:06 am
 
Cracks appeared on the ground in village Saddal in Udhampur district’s Pancheri block on Thursday, a day after the rains started on September 3. People didn’t take much notice. But then they could feel the ground underneath slowly slipping, and the frantic calls to officials at Pancheri and Udhampur started.
“On Saturday noon, the earth started slipping faster, and people came out of their houses screaming,” says Surjeet Singh, the sarpanch of Galiote panchayat. From outside his house on the hill next door, he saw all of Saddal and nearly 40 people vanish under a landslide. It took barely two-three minutes.
Again, frantic calls went out to the Udhampur district administration for help, but no one came. Some of the villagers then trekked to Pancheri, nearly 10 km away, reaching in the evening, and told the local police about what had happened. Police, in turn, informed their seniors at Udhampur, who sent an SHO with a police party to Saddal.
Till night though, no help had reached.
The next morning, around 10.30 am, a call came to Radio Kashmir Jammu’s Jeevan Rekha, a programme that has been helping provide aid to flood victims. The caller was a government employee. Clarifying that he didn’t wish to be identified, he said he wanted to draw the Udhampur Deputy Commissioner’s attention towards villagers buried under landslides.
The person hosting the programme told him that the Deputy Commissioner too was listening in, and that a helicopter would be sent within 10 minutes. Till afternoon though, there was no response. The government employee then made a second phone call to the radio station. Within 15 minutes, a helicopter arrived.
However, the copter could not locate Saddal at first and returned. The police party from Pancheri that had finally reached then burnt wood to create smoke and attract the pilot. However, he still could not find a place to land. The team of police personnel and NDRF members in the helicopter were finally able to land in Saddal only on their second sortie. By that time, it was more than 24 hours since the village had gone under.
MLA Balwant Singh Mankotia has sought an inquiry into the whereabouts of Deputy Commissioner Yasha Mudgal, who has been accused of not being present in Udhampur and not reacting on time. Divisional Commissioner, Jammu, Shantmanu, said he had sought a report. Bodies of less than half of the 40 feared dead have so far been recovered.

What Your First Step In Digital Marketing Should Bereddit
Digital marketing and eCommerce are key tactics for growing business. However, tons of businesses contact us confused on where to start and where their money would get the most mileage. Do they invest in Google Ads? Content Marketing? Hire a social media guru or pay for search-engine optimization? Those are all viable options, but as an organization that takes a holistic view to a businesses' digital platforms , we focus on the low hanging fruit first which usually means...
...building or getting an app.
Apps help save money (streamline processes) or make money (sell new stuff).  Most businesses have areas where an existing app can be inherited solve a problem or a new app can be built for cheaper than the cost of continuing to doing things the way they are.  These usually center around serving existing customers better and saving time - which both result in more money.   Managers of car dealerships have issues getting their sold cars delivered to customers on time. Carcal is a car delivery calendar app to streamline the process for them. Now cars get out ahead of schedule.
Smaller retail businesses can put their products online and start selling using Shopify , Volusion or another shopping cart app. They can also use Google's Product Listing Ads (an app itself) to expand their market overnight.
Some apps save and make money. A tennis club could use a web/mobile reservation system so people could reserve and pay for tennis courts online. This would effectively make them open 24/7/365 (sell new stuff), remove paperwork and cut-down on phone calls (streamline processes), build a customer database with email addresses and other contact details (streamline processes), encourage weekly club visits via reminders and coupon codes (sell new stuff)  and understand court reservation patterns (streamline processes).
Think your business is 'too complicated' for an app or there isn't 'an app for that' yet? Go get a sobriety test. Pay a small amount to have someone build your app for you if it doesn't exist (they are cheaper to make then you think). Remember, you can book an airline ticket, buy a car and apply for a mortgage using web and mobile apps. Chances are you can use an app in your business.
It's definitely not the popular choice to start your digital marketing mission, but nothing will change your business faster. Use the momentum of an app to unlock the potential of the digital marketing world.
About the Author:
Sajeel Qureshi is the VP of Operations at Computan , a digital marketing and software company. Computan serves as the digital department for numerous businesses throughout the globe ranging from start-ups to multinationals.
He has a degree in Business Administration from St. Bonaventure University and MBA from Eastern Illinois University. Sajeel plays tennis well enough to convince the untrained eye that he knows what he is doing and poor enough that the trained eye submits him to a drug test.
 
Follow Sajeel Qureshi on Twitter: www.twitter.com/computan
More:

Foreign investors lap up debt limit at auctionBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Buy RIL  target Rs 1 200 on better marginsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Buy Strides Arcolab  target Rs 900BSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Is Buying American-made Importantreddit
At the iPhone 6 and Apple Watch introduction, Apple CEO Tim Cook said "made in America" is critically important. What do you think: Is it important to buy products that are "American-made?" It turns out that phrase isn't as simple as it sounds.
Let's think about it in terms of car shopping. When you're shopping for a new car or certified used car, is it more important to buy from an American company or a company that manufacturers cars in the U.S. (even if that company is based overseas)?
According to a recent AutoTrader.com poll, nearly 60 percent of people surveyed consider a new car to be American-made only if it's built in the U.S. by a U.S.-based company.
I think what's most important is that the car you're considering is actually built in the U.S., even if the automaker is based elsewhere. Here's why.
Big Money
The bottom line: It's all about money. Automakers who build their cars here in the U.S. spend lots of money in the communities where their factories are located.
As you might expect, American companies such as Ford and GM build many of their cars right here in the U.S. Ford builds 16 models in eight different factories within the U.S., and General Motors builds 26 models in 12 different factories around the country. Clearly, if you want the widest variety of American-made cars, you should probably be shopping at a Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet or GMC dealership.
Historically, Chrysler has been an American company, but it's now owned by FIAT, an Italian company. If you really want your new car purchase to benefit American workers, should you leave Chrysler off your shopping list? No. The company continues to build many vehicles in the U.S. -- 10 different models in all.
Not So Foreign
What about companies such as Honda, Nissan, Kia and Toyota? They've always been based overseas, but they build several models here in the U.S.
For example, most Nissan models come from Mississippi and Tennessee. U.S.-built vehicles include the Nissan Altima, Maxima, Quest and the 2015 Murano, as well as trucks including the Titan, Frontier and Xterra. At their Canton, Mississippi, plant alone, the company employs about 5,600 American workers. Nissan also invested more than $2.5 billion in the Canton factory.
The annual payroll for the Canton plant is around $200 million; that's millions of dollars going into the economy of Mississippi, buying people food, clothes, cars, homes, TVs and home-improvement supplies. That same factory is also responsible for about $350,000 in charitable donations every year, and Nissan in general spends about $10 million per year for charities, need-based sponsorships and community relations through programs such as Nissan Neighbors and the Nissan Foundation.
Toyota has been building cars in Kentucky for more than 30 years and has contributed nearly $46 million to nonprofit organizations. BMW, Honda, Hyundai, Kia, Toyota and Volkswagen have a similar impact on local communities across the U.S.
Local Communities
Kia's West Point, Georgia, plant dropped about $1 billion on the local economy when the automaker built the factory several years ago. That plant manufactures the Kia Optima and Kia Sorento. Kia recently gave the city of West Point $900,000 to use however the city sees fit. I'm just guessing, but I'll bet that city will use the money on things such as police and fire resources, improving roads, and broader access to city services in general -- all major benefits.
Honda also builds several cars here in the U.S., including the popular Honda Accord. In fact, Honda was the first foreign automaker to build cars in the U.S. In total, Honda has a $15.3 billion investment in the U.S. with nine manufacturing facilities in America alone. There are 530 suppliers across 34 states that provide parts and materials to American Honda manufacturing facilities. Those are real jobs held by real people living and paying taxes in the United States.
Build Where They Sell
There is also a less tangible benefit to buying American. Building cars in the country where you sell helps to save on shipping costs, which can help keep prices down or allow a manufacturer to include more safety features without raising a car's price.
Toyota has stated that its philosophy is to "build where we sell," and the automaker also maintains that being closer to the customer is important. At first, that sounds like a little bit of public relations rhetoric, but I seriously doubt that Toyota would be able to dominate the small-truck, hybrid and midsize-sedan categories the way they have been without investing some serious time and money into learning how average Americans live and work in the places where Toyota sells cars.
Real work and real results are still accomplished with feet on the ground and learning about your customers the old-fashioned way: meeting them in person and seeing how they live firsthand. You can only hold so many webinars and conference calls before you have to actually do something and get your hands dirty. Toyota knows this; the company builds trucks in San Antonio, Texas, and the Camry in Georgetown, Kentucky.
Next time you shop for a new car, think about where it's built. If you want your hard-earned paycheck to benefit your neighbors and fellow Americans, consider a car or truck that's built here in the U.S. That matters a lot more than who owns the company.
More:

Unitech flat buyers in noida protest against delaysBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

With  Mary Kom    Dukhtar    Margarita...   South Asian women step out of BollywoodBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

New motor bill proposes steep penalties  7-year jail for child deathComments
Soon, motorists caught speeding, driving drunk or jumping red lights may not get away with a light fine and a few stern words from the traffic cop.
The punishment would get harsher as the gravity of the offence increases — a Rs. 3-lakh fine and not less than seven years in jail for causing the death of a child; Rs. 5 lakh in penalty and three months in jail for a manufacturing fault in a vehicle; a Rs. 1-lakh fine for driving an unregistered vehicle.
All these and more are part of the new draft Road Transport and Safety Bill, 2014 unveiled by the road transport ministry on Saturday. The ministry has proposed hiking penalties three-to-50-fold  and other stringent action that includes suspension or cancellation of driving licence.
In the draft bill, speeding invites a fine of Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 12,500 — up from the existing Rs. 400-1,000 — and suspension of licence for up to eight weeks depending on how much you have exceeded the speed limit. For instance, the steepest fine is for going 40kmph over the speed limit.
Driving under the influence comes with a fine of Rs. 15,000 (currently Rs. 3,000) and a jail term of up to a year. But a second offence will lead to permanent loss of licence and up to two years in jail. The penalty is especially harsh for school bus drivers — Rs. 50,000 in fine and a three-year jail sentence.
Along with the fines and jail terms, drivers below 25 years stand to lose their licence for three months.
The punishment for jumping a red light is Rs. 5,000-15,000 in fine and one-month licence suspension. Similarly, you pay Rs. 5,000 for not wearing a seat belt.
India has one of the highest road fatalities in the world with 137,576 deaths reported last year. In the same period, Delhi recorded 7,566 accidents that killed 1,820 people. The bill aims to bring down such fatalities by 200,000 in the first five years and increase GDP by 4%.
Apart from the fines and imprisonment, motorists will be awarded penalty points for every traffic violation. Collecting 12 penalty points means losing your driving licence for a year.
The draft includes several new features in keeping with the times — fines for manufacturing faults, for instance, come in the wake of incidents of cars catching fire and vehicle recalls by auto firms.
“The bill, after it is cleared by cabinet, will be tabled in Parliament during the winter session. The proposed changes were long due as the last time the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 was amended was in 2001, and since then many provisions related to offences and penalty have ceased to have any punitive effect,” said a ministry official.
Our new act gives emphasis on E-governance to bring in transparency in the transport sector
— Nitin Gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) September 13, 2014
A Highway Traffic Regulation and Protection Force has been proposed while a motor accident fund would be set up to provide compulsory insurance to all road users. A pan-India road accident emergency access telephone number to alert and access emergency services is also in the works.

LIC favours raising FDI cap in insurance sector to 49 pctBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

425-crore QNet financial fraud case: Michael Ferreira s ex-daughter-in-law heldBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Harsh Vardhan promises more medical consignments to J&K#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #harsh vardhan #tracking the modi government
Jammu: Noting that the flood tragedy in Jammu region had acquired "great proportions", Health Minister Harsh Vardhan on Saturday pledged additional consignments of medicines and other essentials to the state.
On a visit to the state to review the situation, Vardhan held a meeting with state government officials and urged them to "ask for anything" as the Prime Minister Narendra Modi had pledged whole-hearted support, an official statement said. On Sunday, Vardhan will be visiting Kashmir valley where the devastation is "on a much larger scale".
Asking the divisional commissioner to work out a deployment plan, he said a team of doctors from central government hospitals is ready to be sent and the Indian Medical Association and Delhi Medical Association are also standing by for assistance.
"Vardhan has asked for additional consignments of emergency medicines to be dispatched to Jammu where the destruction of property and marooning of people has acquired great proportions," the statement said.
"Vardhan has asked for additional consignments of emergency medicines to be dispatched to Jammu where the destruction of property and marooning of people has acquired great proportions," the statement said.
We have to boost supplies to deal with the post-flood situation which tends to drag on for months, he said. Various kinds of antibiotics, oral rehydration solution sachets, anti-diarrhoeal drugs, chlorine tablets, bleaching powder, medicines for eye and skin infections, IV fluids and other essential drugs will be sent in the next few days, Vardhan said.
The Minister also visited Poonch, a border district which suffered many casualties and devastation on a large scale, and assured people at relief camps and patients at the district hospital full support from the Centre.

Flip side: Dangling theparticiplesPrint
Written by Dilip Bobb | Posted: September 14, 2014 12:50 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 12:51 am
A new govermment means new challenges, new faces and issues, new extremes and new revelations. The result is that the last few days have seen the birth of a new lexicon, or lexemes, as the inventory of language is called. It has mostly to do with politics and politicians, which is hardly surprising considering they never fail to provide us our daily dose of entertainment and scandals. Here’s the new lexicon, or as some would call it, the ‘Dangling Participles’.
Spoonful of salt: One of the main qualifications for official spokesmen of political parties is a nifty turn of phrase which obfuscates the issue or renders it unintelligible. It’s called ‘muddying the waters’, and here’s the latest example. Responding to a question about the former CAG’s revelations about the former prime minister’s role in various scandals, the spokesman’s advice was to take it with ‘a spoonful of salt’. The original phrase is ‘a pinch of salt’, so what this version translates into is that there may be a few grains of truth in the accusations, but lets not get carried away. Far more credible than the standard: ‘Let history be the judge’.
Love jihad: The RSS has got their khaki knickers in a twist over what they are calling love jihad. Ostensibly, it involves Muslim extremists luring Hindu women into marriage with the intention of converting them to Islam, which is now arousing passions. As a conspiracy theory, it is divorced from reality, but right-wing extremists have come up with a counter: Love Trishul, or local goons who will demolish any attempts at a Hindu-Muslim marriage even if the couple are genuinely in love. The BJP takes the safe route by declaring it a media creation which, as a conspiracy theory, gets them off the hook, or three.
Hate speech: Nothing to do with people like Manmohan Singh who hate speech. This is more to do with love jihad in the sense, or nonsense, that it reflects hatred for a community and is being used extensively as elections near thanks to the benefits accrued from electorates getting polarised. Officially, a criminal act, no one seems to really get convicted, as in the case of Yogi Adityanath, or Amit Shah, or the king of hate speech, Praveen Togadia, who has 20 cases registered against him — the most in any country. It’s a weapon that cuts both ways: Muslim firebrand Akbaruddin Owaisi faces 11 such cases. They still roam free. Competitive communalism takes no prisoners.
Water terrorism: This combines the worst elements of jihad, hate speech and a warped mind. Water terrorism is what terror mastermind Hafiz Saeed is blaming India for. He has been tweeting, as opposed to excreting, that India is responsible for the floods in POK. One tweet said: “Indian gov discharged water in rivers without notification & has given false information; an act of open mischief. Indian water terrorism is more lethal than its LOC violations”. We’ve all heard about smoking guns, but this guy is smoking something really illegal to continued…

Inside track: Hooked tohookahThe BCCI, unhappy with this habit, believes it is one reason for the team’s poor performance. (Source: Reuters)
Written by Coomi Kapoor | Posted: September 14, 2014 12:44 am
A fire alarm went off at Marriot Hotel in Leeds, UK, earlier this month. The smoke that set off the alarm was traced to a hookah party being held by touring Indian cricketers who were staying at the hotel. Smoking a hookah appears to be the latest fad among Indian cricketers. Many carry a hookah in their bags and take puffs during their free time. The BCCI, unhappy with this habit, believes it is one reason for the team’s poor performance.
Family welfare
RANJIT Sinha’s elevation as the CBI Director has coincided with daughter Rudrani Sinha’s rise. When Sinha was ITBP director general, his daughter was an assistant central intelligence officer. But when Sinha was hand-picked to be CBI director, Rudrani’s career graph went up. She was appointed assistant director in the National Technical Research Organisation, a jump that put her in the rank of superintendent of police. Some weeks ago, Sinha visited a senior minister in the Narendra Modi government armed with his wife’s biodata. He apparently asked if she could be accommodated as a member in a Central government women’s panel, such as the National Commission for Women. An audacious demand, considering there was talk at the time of the Lok Sabha elections earlier this year about his wife getting an RJD ticket.
Delayed decisions
THE Congress’s first family is out of the country. Sonia Gandhi has gone for a medical check-up with Priyanka. Rahul is also abroad. Thus, decisions on selection of candidates for the coming Assembly polls and a meeting of the Central Election Committee have been deferred. The A K Antony report on the Congress’s parliamentary results is still to be put before the CWC or shown to general secretaries.
Libel veteran
TAMIL Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa has filed a defamation case against the BJP’s Subramanian Swamy for claiming that the fishermen’s boats detained by the Sri Lankan government belonged to Jayalalithaa’s aide Sasikala Natarajan, and that the chief minister had not done anything for the fishermen, or on Mullaperiyar dam or Ram Sethu issues. Jayalalithaa has got the city public prosecutor to file the case in Chennai. The CM is keen to settle scores with Swamy even though he is something of a veteran in dealing with defamation suits. In the early 1990s, Jayalalithaa had backed down in a defamation battle against Swamy. As chief minister, she had filed a criminal defamation complaint against Swamy in different courts in Tamil Nadu. Swamy had appealed to the Supreme Court, pleading that the cases be clubbed together and filed outside the state. He had also cited the US law that defamation should not apply to a person holding high public office. The SC acknowledged that he had a point. Jayalalithaa’s lawyer K K Venugopal had continued…

Fifth column: Parivartan neededurgentlyOnce a child is confined behind its high walls, it can only be released by the Child Welfare Committee after a hearing. (Source: Reuters)
Written by Tavleen Singh | Posted: September 14, 2014 12:36 am
There are ancient problems in our ancient land that are as important as national security and the economic slowdown, but us political pundits prefer to ignore them. In a twisted idea of patriotism, we choose not to shine a light on the darker facets of Indian democracy. Since we now have a prime minister who himself has taken to shining a light on the darker sides of Indian democracy and governance, I am going to do my bit, in my usual humble fashion, to help him whenever I can. What you are about to read today in this column is part of this endeavour.
Last week I got a telephone call that reminded me painfully that unless the nature of the Indian State changes, there will never be ‘parivartan’ or ‘vikas’. Four years ago, I helped rescue two little girls from the Dongri Children’s Home in Mumbai, where they had been confined for the ‘crime of begging’. Maisura and Megha were less than seven years old and could not understand why they were taken away from their parents. Nor were they old enough to understand crime and punishment. But the mighty Indian State treated them as criminals. The case against their mothers for abetting their crime continues. So a summons arrived last week for them to appear in court. In complete panic, one of them, Roopa, rang me to ask for the number of a lawyer.
Roopa has grown up on the streets of Mumbai. If you ask her what her childhood was like, she bursts into tears and tells you she was hungry all the time. “We used to be sent off in the morning to try and make some money,” she says, “and if we came back without earning some, we would get no food”.
Roopa lives in a corner of a car park behind the Air India building on Marine Drive and has no means of defending herself in court. But the Indian State that has failed to provide her or her family with basic services is now hounding her with this pointless court case that has gone on for four years. Instead, there should be a case against the Dongri Children’s Home, that is more prison than welfare institution. Once a child is confined behind its high walls, it can only be released by the Child Welfare Committee after a hearing.
Megha and Maisura cried so much when they were in custody that I appealed to a senior police officer to help me. All he could do was speed up the hearing, and this did not go down well with the presiding officer, Shaila Mhatre. She was a smug, middle-class lady continued…

Out of my mind: BreakawayIt was the advent of Margaret Thatcher which caused the first rupture. Her party failed to win a single of the 60-odd seats in Scotland in 1987. (Source: Reuetrs photo)
Written by Meghnad Desai | Posted: September 14, 2014 12:28 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 9:29 am
In four days, we will know whether Scotland will vote for independence or to stay within the United Kingdom. It is a historic event. The entire debate has been conducted in a civilised manner. There has been little intimidation or violence except for trolls on Twitter and rotten eggs thrown occasionally.
The United Kingdom is not a federation, nor is it strictly a nation-state. It is a kingdom united under a single crown. Wales was conquered by the English in the 13th Century. When Elizabeth the First died, leaving no heirs, James, the King of the Scots, was invited to take over the throne of England.
In 1707, a union was negotiated between Scotland and England. By then, Ireland had also been conquered, so the United Kingdom of England and Wales, Scotland and Ireland was born. It remained one of the most centralised polities until the late 20th Century. But Scotland had a special status. It had its own law and courts, its education system and its Church which did not owe allegiance to the Anglican Church. The Scots became a vital part of the Empire and integrated in the Union while keeping their identity distinct.
It was the advent of Margaret Thatcher which caused the first rupture. Her party failed to win a single of the 60-odd seats in Scotland in 1987. To this was added the piloting of the poll tax (a community charge) in Scotland before its introduction in England. The poll tax was Mrs Thatcher’s nemesis. It brought her down but it also gave an impetus to the Scots to ask why should they be governed by a party which they had rejected. A popular debate began which then became the Scottish Convention. All UK political parties except the Conservatives joined it along with many from the civil society.
Scotland won devolution when Labour came to power in 1997. It had freedom to decide policy in education and health. It had its own separate spending limits since the mid-Seventies. Now it had limited power to change the tax rate. Devolution was to counter the Scottish nationalist movement. Scotland was given its own Parliament. Soon, Wales followed and Northern Ireland as well. The UK became a model for devolution for the rest of Europe where there were regional nationalisms — the Basques and the Catalans in Spain, for example.
Yet, as in many colonies, conceding limited demands did not satisfy the Scots. The Scottish Nationalist Party defeated Labour Party and came to power on its own. Alex Salmond, its populist leader, has run a campaign for independence from its initial hopelessness continued…

Pak protestors suspend talks with GovtPak protestors suspend talks with Govt
Indian nurse suicide: Australian DJ apologises for  royal hoax callprint
An Australian radio DJ has apologised to the family of Indian-born nurse Jacintha Saldanha, who killed herself days after she answered a hoax call to a London hospital treating Prince William's wife Catherine, the Duchess of Cambridge, reports said.
Melanie Greig and co-host Michael Christian from radio station 2Day FM, which is owned by Southern Cross Austereo, called the Edward VII hospital pretending to be Queen Elizabeth II and William's father Prince Charles.
Forty six-year-old Saldanha, who put them through to the ward where the duchess of Cambridge was being treated for severe morning sickness, was found dead three days after she answered the call.
A nurse in the ward disclosed details of Kate's condition during treatment for acute morning sickness she was suffering in the early stages of pregnancy with son Prince George, leading to headlines around the world.
An inquest at London's Royal Courts of Justice ruled on Friday that Saldanha's death was a suicide.
According to the Guardian, recording a verdict of suicide, Westminster coroner Dr Fiona Wilcox said she was satisfied Saldanha, a mother of two, had killed herself.
In an unusual move, she allowed Greig, who attended the inquest but was not permitted to give evidence, to make a personal statement at the end of the hearing.
Greig voluntarily flew over from Australia to attend the inquest.
"I am so deeply sorry for your loss. I have wanted to say this to you for so long," a tearful Greig said directly to Saldanha's husband and two children.
The presenter, who no longer works for Sydney's 2Day FM radio station, said she wished she had "tried harder to stop the prank" from being aired.
"This tragedy is always going to stay with me," she added, weeping as she returned to her seat near the family.
"To fellow announcers and DJs, I urge you to speak up if don't feel comfortable and to consider the feelings of others when trying to make a joke," Greig said in her court statement.
"The joke should always be on us, the DJs."
The inquest heard Saldanha blamed herself for transferring the call, which she believed was genuine, on to the nurse caring for the duchess who revealed details of her condition, broadcast on 2Day on December 4, 2012.
Labour MP Keith Vaz said that the family has accepted the verdict and was taking advice over possible future legal action.
The family thanked all those who had supported them over the 21 months since Saldanha's death, including the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge "who publicly and privately have supported the family and always been of concern for their welfare".
Meanwhile, the Australian radio station has donated A$500,000($450,000) to her family to "help them in the future".
Southern Cross Austereo said it was donating the money to a trust fund for Saldanha's family, and expressed its "deepest sympathy and sincere condolences".
"We do not assume, of course, that this donation or any amount of money could relieve the feelings of loss felt by Ms Saldanha's family but it is our hope that it may help them in the future," the broadcaster said in a statement late on Friday.
Southern Cross Austereo said it had fully co-operated with the inquest and "always accepted full responsibility for the making of the call and its broadcast".
"We also note that the coroner has said, 'There is no causation as a matter of law between the hoax call and any subsequent voluntary action by Ms Saldanha'," the broadcaster added.
"In summation, the coroner said the incident was not reasonably foreseeable."
The inquest was held just days after it was announced that William and Kate, the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, are expecting their second child, with the duchess once again suffering acute morning sickness.
(With inputs from Reuters, ANI and PTI)

Students awarded at GE Volunteers science fairStudents awarded at GE Volunteers’ science fair
Our Bureau
Tweet
Bangalore, Sept 13:  
GE Volunteers of the Bangalore Chapter today organised Prabodhana - the 14th annual science fair at the John F. Welch Technology Centre.
The fair saw around 350 students from 12 government and NGO-funded schools who displayed their working models on the theme "build on basics," according to a company statement. These models made by the students demonstrated basic Science and Mathematics principles in an innovative way, and helped the children understand concepts and apply them in real life, the statement added.
Concepts such as pin-hole camera, conservation of momentum, persistence of vision were some of the ideas that the students worked on. The first prize went to the Sheila Kothavala Institute for the Deaf for their model "Simple Motor", while the second place was bagged by the Ashraya Neelbagh School for their project on "Wave Theory" and Mathru Foundation won third place for their demonstration of "Conservation of Momentum". A fourth model on "Simple Camera" by Madhura Nagar school was awarded a consolation prize, company officials added.
Prabodhana is the flagship annual event organised by GE Volunteers with the aim of instilling a love for science in these children, said Alok Nanda, Chairman, GE Volunteers - Bangalore.
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)

Snowden didn t raise concerns internally: NSAEdward Snowden
(NSA was unable to find evidence…)
WASHINGTON: The National Security Agency was unable to find evidence that leaker Edward Snowden ever raised concerns internally about its sweeping surveillance programs , after an exhaustive search that included deleted emails, court documents showed.
NSA Associate Director for Policy and Records David Sherman said that the agency had launched a "comprehensive" investigation after media reports were published about classified NSA spy programs based on information leaked by Snowden.
As part of last year's probe, the NSA collected and searched Snowden's "sent, received and deleted email," including that "obtained by restoring back-up tapes" Sherman said in a sworn declaration filed yesterday.
"The search did not identify any email written by Mr Snowden in which he contacted agency officials to raise concerns about NSA programs."
Searches for the emails included the records from the agency's Office of General Counsel, Office of the Inspector General and Office of the Director of Compliance.
The findings contradict Snowden's claim in an interview with NBC News in May that he did raise concerns through "internal channels" within the NSA and was told to "stop asking questions" before ultimately deciding to leak the secret files.
Sherman, who has worked with the NSA since 1985, has the authority to classify information as "top secret."
The NSA made its declaration in response to a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by VICE News against the NSA earlier this year.
The only relevant communication uncovered was a previously released email between Snowden and the Office of General Counsel inquiring about material in a training course he had completed.
Senator Dianne Feinstein, who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee, said at the time that the exchange "poses a question about the relative authority of laws and executive orders -- it does not register concerns about NSA's intelligence activities."
Snowden has suggested that there was more communication than that single email, telling The Washington Post at the time that the "strangely tailored and incomplete" release "only shows the NSA feels it has something to hide."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Check out this week s top videosprint
King Khan is back to rule the box office, this time with his 8-pack abs, in his forthcoming release 'Happy New Year'. From the new song 'Manwa Lage' to videos revealing NFL players abuse and Aam Aadmi Party's sting against BJP leader, watch our round-up of the week's most watched videos.
1. Shah Rukh Khan is back with eight pack abs!
2. Sting captures senior BJP leader trying to bribe AAP MLA
Rs. 4 crore.'>
3. Deepika swoons over Shah Rukh in new HNY song 'Manwa Laage'
4. Watch top NFL player punch his wife, drag her out of the lift
5. Monsoon floods kill hundreds in India, Pakistan

By-polls: Several key contests in UP and GujaratBy-polls: Several key contests in UP and Gujarat
Venkaiah Naidu reviews feedback from states on building smart citiesVenkaiah Naidu reviews feedback from states on building smart cities
India eyes global arms market  identifies 15 weapon systems for exportIndia identifies 15 weapon systems for export
Rahul Singh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 13, 2014
First Published: 21:35 IST(13/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:27 IST(14/9/2014)
Comments
The Defence Research and Development Organisation, which is struggling to meet deadlines for delivering key military projects, is working on an elaborate weapons export plan to make inroads in the lucrative global arms market. 
Backed by a government that seeks to transform India from the world's biggest weapons importer into an export powerhouse, the DRDO has identified 15 weapon systems that could help the country get its foot in the door in the international arms bazaar, DRDO chief Avinash Chander told HT in an exclusive interview.
The country’s top military scientist said the transformation was within reach, despite the organisation being saddled with delayed projects worth nearly Rs. 20,000 crore.
“There is a huge potential for export. The DRDO is more challenged by lack of trust in its capabilities rather than lack of capability,” said Chander, the man credited with shaping India’s strategic missile programme.
Home-built missiles would form the centerpiece of India’s arms exports, within the framework of the missile technology control regime that bans exporting missiles with ranges above 300 km.
The military hardware shortlisted for export includes Astra beyond-visual-range air-to-air missile, Prahar surface-to-surface missile, Akash missiles, light combat aircraft (LCA), supersonic cruise missile Brahmos, sonars, Arjun Mk-2 tanks, airborne early warning and control system, a variety of unmanned systems and battlefield radars.
“The new government is placing premium on defence indigenisation and exports. We hope to turn over a new leaf,” he said.
But some of these platforms such as the LCA and Arjun Mk-2 aren’t operational yet. The DRDO had in August come in for some sharp criticism from PM Narendra Modi over delays and cost overruns in key programmes.
The DRDO chief said, “On an average, we are delivering products in a cycle of eight to 10 years from project sanction, which is only two to three years behind global players. In many cases, we had to develop technology from scratch.”
He said several projects had missed many deadlines due to technology denial regimes, extremely demanding qualitative requirements and a shrinking talent pool.
Modi had said India had the potential to be a world leader in the defence sector but was being held back by a “chalta hai” attitude.

Water levels in north Kashmir matter of concern  says OmarWater levels in north Kashmir matter of concern, says Omar
PTI   Srinagar, September 13, 2014
First Published: 19:51 IST(13/9/2014) | Last Updated: 22:30 IST(13/9/2014)
Water levels in North Kashmir are rising which is a matter of concern, Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah said while hoping that it would not be as bad as in the rest of the Valley.
Flood-affected Kashmiri residents ride on an Indian Army raft in Srinagar. (AFP Photo)
The chief minister said the water levels are "receding" in central Kashmir but they are still above the danger mark and the government was waiting for it to go below the danger mark to "plug the breaches" on the banks of river Jhelum.
 
"Water levels are rising in some parts of north Kashmir. That is a matter of concern. We are hoping that north Kashmir will not be as badly affected as the rest," Abdullah told PTI in an interview.
He said that as per the figures available with the state government so far, 129 people had lost lives in Jammu region whereas 30-35 people were found dead in Kashmir Valley.
 
On the number of people rescued by various agencies so far, he said the Army and NDRF know the exact figures but he was aware of 50,000 people having been rescued by the Army and 20,000-30000 by NDRF.
 
Asked about the extent of loss of lives in the flood, he said "I am hoping and praying that the loss of life will not be as severe as we expect it. Because looking at the situation, the death toll is still remarkably low. I am hoping and praying that it will not be as bad some have been fearing."
 
He said that "within the constraints of (the number of) helicopters, we are doing the best job possible," when asked if the government was able to rescue enough people in the situation.  
On the damage caused to the infrastructure by the floods, Abdullah said officials have already been tasked to assess the damage so that repair and reconstruction activities can be initiated.
    
"Right now, the focus still remains on rescue operations as 1.5 lakh people are still marooned. Our primary focus is on provision of relief like rations, medicines and supplies they require," he said.
Abdullah identified rice, water, medicines as the items required more than anything else.
 
To a query on incidents of stone-pelting and the possibility of involvement of separatists in them, the chief minister said "those people are not from Srinagar. They have been coming in from South and North Kashmir and they have been indulging in thefts and law and order situations"  
On reports about incidents of thefts in marooned houses, he said "it is true".
 
Abdullah  said such incidents have taken place in other countries also as "even in London, when riots took place, there was looting. I wish Jammu and Kashmir had set a better example. I have asked the police to increase their presence."  On the possibility of spread of diseases and epidemic after the flood water recedes, he said Kashmir has a history that lives are not lost in floods but in the aftermath of floods.
 
"Our focus is on provision of medicines and water- purifying medicines like chlorine and lakhs of chlorine tablets have been distributed. We have asked municipalities to activate the sanitation system. Our primary concern is rescue and provision of food, prevention of diseases and epidemics is our priority," he said.
The chief minister noted that a major concern of the people affected by the floods is that they fear that their services would be disconnected for non-payment of bills and absence of recharge for prepaid connections.
 
"I have spoken to the Union telecom minister requesting that the due date of post-paid bills be deferred by 15 days. For prepaid connections, five days extra may be granted for making calls even if there is zero balance," he said.
 
Abdullah said the government is also paying attention to mobile banking so that people can retrieve their money for buying essentials.
 
Asked about the Centre's decision to refuse international aid for relief operations in the state, he said "we should accept help from anywhere in terms of expertise, if available. We are not begging. "  
Flood triggered by heavy rain in Jammu and Kashmir have claimed around 200 lives so far and left thousands homeless. It has also caused extensive damage to road, rail and telecommunication infrastructure in the state.
J-K ministers urge PM to declare national calamity
A high-level ministerial team from J-K called on Prime Minister Narendra Modi and requested him to declare the flash floods in the state as "national calamity" and announce a "liberal and pragmatic" financial and special rehabilitation package to restore normalcy at the earliest.
 
The delegation, led by state's finance minister Abdul Rahim Rather, submitted a memorandum to Modi putting forth several demands to help the state government which was grappling with the worst deluge in over 100 years.
Read: Stone pelters attack IAF relief aircraft, rescue ops continue
 
"The Prime Minister was very positive and assured us complete support to overcome the crisis," senior minister Ali Mohammed Sagar, who was a part of the delegation, told reporters.
 
While there are no guidelines on declaring any disaster as national calamity, the Centre decides this on case to case basis taking into account intensity and magnitude of the calamity, level of relief assistance, capacity of the state government to tackle the problem, the alternatives and the flexibility available within the plan to provide succour and relief.
 
The Uttarakhand tragedy in 2013 was declared as "calamity of severe nature" and the Centre had given around Rs. 12,000 crore assistance to the state.
 
Modi, during his visit to the state last Sunday, had announced an immediate package of Rs. 1000 crore.

Why has ISIS gone mum on Twitterprint
Islamic State's Twitter users, which have trumpeted the group's violent acts and worldview on the social media service, have gone abruptly quiet in past days.
Several accounts affiliated with the militant group appear to have gone dormant, according to US government sources, raising questions about whether the government has pressured Twitter to clamp down more aggressively or whether the group has moved to other social media channels.
When contacted, several US officials said on condition of anonymity they were unaware of attempts to quash those Twitter accounts. The sudden silence also came days after reports about Islamic State-linked accounts threatening action against Twitter employees, though there was no evidence to link the two episodes.
Twitter Inc declined to comment on actions the company has taken related to accounts affiliated with the group, which is also known as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria and as the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
But it has suspended several accounts affiliated with the group in recent months, including one user who threatened retaliation against Twitter's employees.
A US official who spoke on condition of anonymity said that as government officials identify people on social media whom they believe to be "terrorists" or "extremists," they draw them to the attention of companies such as Twitter and Facebook Inc, which act at their own discretion.
"People (in government), but also people outside, are constantly referring these companies to identified terrorists," the official said. "I wouldn't say there is a systematic policy that the US government is going around asking (companies like) Twitter to shut these people down. They sprout very fast. They change their handles."
A second government source familiar with the situation said there was a clear change of social media tactics by Islamic State in the days leading up to President Barack Obama's Wednesday speech. Obama said then that he had authorized air strikes in Syria and Iraq, in a broad escalation of a campaign against the organization.
Some experts say the militants may have increasingly taken to other online services such as Russia's VKontakte and Diaspora, a four-year-old social network that relies on a decentralized network of independent computer servers.
Such a tactic is sometimes employed when militants want to evade tracking, the source added.
Cat and mouse
The evolving practices underscore the challenges facing government officials and Internet companies as militant organizations discover the power of social media for propaganda and recruiting.
Twitter's laissez-faire approach to monitoring content, together with an aggressive posture in challenging censorship requests and demands for customer information, have made it the darling of civil liberties advocates and political protesters from New York's Occupy Wall Street to students in Cairo's Tahrir Square.
Twitter, which in general has fewer restrictions on content than its social media rivals, has thus become a vital communications tool for activists, political protesters and militant groups alike.
Of particular appeal to groups like the Islamic State: it can be used anonymously, unlike many other services, and it can be used by any cellphone with a text-messaging function.
Its rules prohibit tweets that include "direct, specific, threats of violence against others," and the company will suspend accounts that use Twitter for illegal activities.
But accounts that purport to be affiliated with or to support militant groups on the US State Department's list of designated foreign terrorist organizations, such as the Islamic State, might not automatically violate its rules.
"Twitter doesn't have a real name policy, which makes it difficult to determine a user's identity. But FTO lists are one of several factors we consider when reviewing a reported account," a Twitter spokesman said.
Twitter relies on reports from users and government officials. Facebook by contrast has a special team that keeps a lookout for postings by terrorists groups such as Islamic State, which are banned on Facebook.
For instance, Twitter removed videos of American journalist James Foley's beheading by Islamic State that circulated on its service last month, but relied on a policy of removing images of deceased individuals in response to requests by family members.

Maharashtra: Sena talks tough on seat-sharingBJP, Sena in tussle as Uddhav eyes CM post
Dharmendra Jore , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 13, 2014
First Published: 16:17 IST(13/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:25 IST(14/9/2014)
Comments
With the Maharashtra assembly elections just a month away, the whiff of a likely win has intensified the tussle over the chief minister’s post in the saffron alliance.
While Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray said on Saturday his party would get the top job in the state, ally Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) maintained that the outcome of the October 15 polls would decide who gets the chief minister’s post.
Thackeray, who has till now avoided expressing his chief ministerial ambitions, on Saturday told the Aaj Tak news channel that he would not shy away from the responsibility although he was not dreaming of being the chief minister. “When the country wanted a change, Narendrabhai (Modi) came forward. Now, it is Maharashtra’s turn, and the people here, too, need a face when they go out to vote,” he said.
Uddhav’s stand makes it clear why he is opposed to the BJP’s demand for more seats. The BJP has been mounting pressure on the Sena to rework the existing seat-sharing agreement, but the Sena leadership is not too keen as they know that the party which contests more seats will have better chances of bagging the chief minister’s post.
A factional feud has broken out within the BJP, with at least five top BJP leaders — including state BJP president Devendra Fadnavis, Union transport minister Nitin Gadkari, Opposition leaders in the Council and Assembly Vinod Tawde and Eknath Khadse — projecting themselves as the next CM.
Meanwhile, in an editorial in the Sena mouthpiece Saamana, on Saturday said, “excessive lust leads to divorce” and asked the constituents of ‘Mahayuti’ alliance to exercise restraint while demanding extra share during seat allocation talks. Citing a recent court verdict, the party said, “All parties must give up the lust for more seats. To say we will stay in the coalition only if we get ‘so many seats’ is not right,” the editorial said.
The remarks are being considered a veiled criticism of BJP amid reports that the latter had sought more seats to contest this time around.

Maharashtra NCP leader Dhobale booked for rapeUpdated: September 13, 2014 23:44 IST
Maharashtra NCP leader Dhobale booked for rape
Rashmi Rajput
sexual assault & rape
The Mumbai police on Saturday registered a rape case against former Maharashtra minister and senior Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Mr. Laxman Dhobale.
The complainant is a 42- year old woman who is employed as a clerk with a college in suburban Borivali. The college is run by a trust whose founder is Mr. Dhobale.
In her complaint she has alleged that between January 2011 and 2013 on three different occasions on the pretext of office related work Mr. Dhobale summoned her to his cabin.This is when she was allegedly beaten up by the accused. He also allegedly clicked her ‘obscene’ pictures and threatened to make them public if she did not give in to his demands, the police said.
“A case has been registered based on the complaint made by the victim and investigation is underway. Based on the evidence gathered we will take a call on whether or not to arrest him," Deputy Commissioner of Police, zone XI, Mr. Balsingh Rajput said. “Both the victim and the accused knew each other. We would be soon recording her statement before the magistrate under section 164 of the Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPC),” Mr. Singh added.
The police had sent the victim for a medical test on Sunday; the reports of the tests are awaited.
Mr. Dhobale has been booked under 376 (rape), 323 (Punishment for voluntarily causing hurt) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code.
Incidentally, last month a case of cheating was registered by a few students against the college in which both the victim and the accused are an accused. The management has been accused of defrauding over 50 students by not giving them admissions despite charging a total of Rs. 16.06 lakh as fees from them.
“We are probing if the two cases are related,” Mr. Rajput added.

Scotch and independenceScotch and independence
Retailers seek higher foreign funding capRetailers seek higher foreign funding cap
Bharatiya Janata Party was able to sell a dream...: Sachin PilotBharatiya Janata Party was able to sell a dream...: Sachin Pilot
#World Bank to fund eco-friendly projects#World Bank to fund eco-friendly projects
SARL to expand portfolio and global reachSARL to expand portfolio and global reach
Global coalition needed to defeat IS: Kerry (Roundup)Global coalition needed to defeat IS: Kerry (Roundup)
Fiscal deficit target for 2014-15  achievableFiscal deficit target for 2014-15  achievable
50-fold hike in fines  7 yrs in jail for traffic violations soonComments
Soon, motorists caught speeding, driving drunk or jumping red lights may not get away with a light fine and a few stern words from the traffic cop.
The punishment would get harsher as the gravity of the offence increases — a Rs. 3-lakh fine and not less than seven years in jail for causing the death of a child; Rs. 5 lakh in penalty and three months in jail for a manufacturing fault in a vehicle; a Rs. 1-lakh fine for driving an unregistered vehicle.
All these and more are part of the new draft Road Transport and Safety Bill, 2014 unveiled by the road transport ministry on Saturday. The ministry has proposed hiking penalties three-to-50-fold  and other stringent action that includes suspension or cancellation of driving licence.
In the draft bill, speeding invites a fine of Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 12,500 — up from the existing Rs. 400-1,000 — and suspension of licence for up to eight weeks depending on how much you have exceeded the speed limit. For instance, the steepest fine is for going 40kmph over the speed limit.
Driving under the influence comes with a fine of Rs. 15,000 (currently Rs. 3,000) and a jail term of up to a year. But a second offence will lead to permanent loss of licence and up to two years in jail. The penalty is especially harsh for school bus drivers — Rs. 50,000 in fine and a three-year jail sentence.
Along with the fines and jail terms, drivers below 25 years stand to lose their licence for three months.
The punishment for jumping a red light is Rs. 5,000-15,000 in fine and one-month licence suspension. Similarly, you pay Rs. 5,000 for not wearing a seat belt.
India has one of the highest road fatalities in the world with 137,576 deaths reported last year. In the same period, Delhi recorded 7,566 accidents that killed 1,820 people. The bill aims to bring down such fatalities by 200,000 in the first five years and increase GDP by 4%.
Apart from the fines and imprisonment, motorists will be awarded penalty points for every traffic violation. Collecting 12 penalty points means losing your driving licence for a year.
The draft includes several new features in keeping with the times — fines for manufacturing faults, for instance, come in the wake of incidents of cars catching fire and vehicle recalls by auto firms.
“The bill, after it is cleared by cabinet, will be tabled in Parliament during the winter session. The proposed changes were long due as the last time the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 was amended was in 2001, and since then many provisions related to offences and penalty have ceased to have any punitive effect,” said a ministry official.
Our new act gives emphasis on E-governance to bring in transparency in the transport sector
— Nitin Gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) September 13, 2014
A Highway Traffic Regulation and Protection Force has been proposed while a motor accident fund would be set up to provide compulsory insurance to all road users. A pan-India road accident emergency access telephone number to alert and access emergency services is also in the works.

Neither victims nor perpetratorsUpdated: September 13, 2014 00:44 IST
Neither victims nor perpetrators
health
Today’s victims are tomorrow’s perpetrators; but this state of affairs is not inevitable. That is the burden of the 2014 UNICEF report, titled “Hidden in Plain Sight”. It says the physical, sexual and emotional abuse of children is so pervasive because there is a high level of acceptance around these habitual behaviours. Also, there is that level of acceptance only because such violence in fact takes place in settings where boys and girls should normally feel safe. This scenario is evidently most unfortunate, but perhaps not quite surprising. A 2013 report by the World Health Organization, the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine and the South African Medical Research Council estimated that globally, intimate partners were behind 38 per cent of incidents of murder of women. Data from 190 countries sourced by the UNICEF study shows that violent discipline is the most common practice. Six out of ten children in the 2-14 age group are subjected to physical punishment by caregivers. Nearly one out of three adolescents has either bullied their peers or have themselves experienced the humiliation. Nearly a quarter of all girls in the 15-19 age group report physical violence and one in ten girls under 20 years are subjected to forced sexual acts. As it is often the case, the report cautions that victims of extreme violence in their early years, end up as perpetrators themselves.
Yet, there is growing evidence that this cycle of violence can be broken, the report argues, provided the lid of silence and denial is lifted. In particular, it points to the success of several interventions aimed at strengthening the child-rearing skills of parents and caregivers. Techniques of non-violent discipline to promote positive interaction between parents and children and sharing knowledge about early child development are some of the other proven strategies. Openness to imbibe novel approaches that are more in tune with modern-day life would enable communities to find parenting a joyful experience. To be sure, time-tested and humane practices have an important role in child development and are critical to the transmission of cultural values down generations. The emotional scars are the most damaging, but not to be wished away are the astronomical economic burdens, as well as irreversible health effects, of violence against children. UNICEF refers to a study in East Asia and the Pacific, which estimated the cost of maltreatment in a single year at $150-160 billion, or 2 per cent of that region’s Gross Domestic Product. Another study, in the United States, found the cost over a life-time of confirmed maltreatment in just a single year to be about $124 billion. Children deserve a better deal; and it is the adults who can make the difference.

SCO summit paves way for India s entry: ExpertsChina
(India yesterday formally…)
BEIJING: India has a very good chance of being inducted into Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) along with Pakistan, a development which will strengthen anti- terrorism campaign in the region, Chinese experts believe.
India yesterday formally submitted an application for full membership to the SCO at the SCO Heads of State Summit in Tajikistan capital Dushanbe.
Russia, China, Kyrgyzstan, Kazakhstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan are SCO members. The bloc now has Afghanistan, India, Iran, Mongolia and Pakistan as observers and Belarus, Turkey and Sri Lanka as dialogue partners. Pakistan and Iran have already submitted their applications to join it.
As the SCO passed a resolution yesterday, Chinese officials say that chance of admission of India and Pakistan into the SCO are good but Iran may have to wait as SCO rules bars any country facing UN sanctions to be its member.
At the summit, Chinese President Xi Jinping said that his country readily welcomes countries that meet the requirements for SCO membership.
Feng Yujun, director of the Institute of Russian Studies at the China Institute of Contemporary International Relations, said admission of new members provides a firm legislative basis for expanding the organisation.
"This will also be a driving force for the future evolvement of the SCO and will facilitate domestic growth and security among new members," Feng told state-run China Daily.
The resolution for admission of the new members, which was kept pending for long apparently Beijing's reservations, specially over India's entry came in the backdrop of SCO's stepped up efforts to crackdown on growing Islamic militancy in China and Central Asia.
The presence of al-Qaeda and the Taliban in Afghanistan and now Islamic State (IS) taking swaths of land in Iraq and Syria in which a number of militants from the region believed to be taking part has made the SCO states to beef up regions collective efforts to contain the terror group's influence.
"Currently, (we) should focus on combating religion- involved extremism and internet terrorism," Xi said in speech.
Chinese analysts said Xi's proposals came at a timely juncture because security concerns could increase in the region in the wake of the US troops withdrawal from Afghanistan by the end of 2014.
The proposals, would improve the SCO's capability to address members' shared security problems, which threaten to undermine their top priority of development, observers said.
Chen Yurong, a researcher at the China Institute of International Studies, said terrorist activities have increased in the region and are likely to escalate if the Afghan-based groups penetrate into neighbouring countries.
Wu Hongbin, former Chinese ambassador to Turkmenistan, said it is urgent for SCO members to pay more attention to drug control as opium poppy growth flourishes in Afghanistan.
"We have to cut the major source of funding for this region's terrorism groups, which is drug trafficking."
Farmers in Afghanistan are producing more opium than ever, despite more than a decade of US forces in the country.
"SCO has to speed up cooperation within the group and with the other organizations before it is too late," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Set to surpass $22.1 billion Alibaba may raise IPO priceSet to surpass $22.1 billion? Alibaba may raise IPO price
New York Times Sep 13, 2014, 09.25PM IST
Tags:
(Driving any possible bump…)
By Michael J. De La Merced
The Alibaba Group's initial public offering was long expected to be a blockbuster. But a flood of orders for shares in the Chinese e-commerce giant has proved stronger than expected.
Only five days into the company's global journey to promote itself to prospective buyers, its underwriters have told their sales staffs they plan to close orders for the stock sale by Wednesday, people briefed on the matter said Friday.
And with that intense interest - shown by the huge lines of investors who waited to spend even an hour with Alibaba's senior management - comes the possibility that the company's bankers may eventually raise the price range for the offering, pushing it past a fundraising goal of $21.1 billion.
That could make Alibaba the biggest initial offering in history, surpassing the $22.1 billion that the Agricultural Bank of China raised four years ago. But the people briefed on the matter, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, cautioned that no plans had been set and that the price range might remain within the already disclosed $60 to $66 a share, which values the company at roughly $163 billion at the high end.
A final decision will be made next Thursday, when underwriters are expected to price the offering after examining its order book. Alibaba would then begin trading the next day on the New York Stock Exchange.
Driving any possible bump in price is strong demand from investors eager to buy a piece of China's biggest e-commerce operator. Alibaba, which is an amalgam of eBay , Amazon and Google , has positioned itself as a gateway to a Chinese population that is increasingly and quickly going online to shop, reaping huge growth in profits and margins along the way.
The company's underwriters told their sales staffs Friday that the stock offering was already oversubscribed, with "no sensitivity" to the existing price range. That suggests that the banks may feel comfortable raising the price of the offering, as happened in other big initial offerings like those of General Motors and Facebook .
But the banks are wary of pushing the price range too far, potentially scaring off investors, some of the people briefed on the matter said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Exploring a tree  one cell at a timeNew York Times | Posted: September 14, 2014 1:42 am
Not every scientist would choose to spend a peaceful summer Sunday morning perched on a jittery scaffold 40 feet up a red oak tree, peering through a microscope to jab a leaf with a tiny glass needle filled with oil.
But Michael Knoblauch, a plant cell biologist at Washington State University, is in the stretch run of a 20-year quest to prove a longstanding hypothesis about how nutrients are transported in plants. He’s nearing the end of a sabbatical year, much of which was spent at Harvard Forest, a 3,500-acre research plot in Massachusetts.
So he found himself up in the tree on a recent Sunday, accompanied by an assistant, his 19-year-old son, Jan, to collect more data for his research. While his son monitored the image from the microscope on a laptop, Knoblauch fiddled with a device that held the glass needle.
This kind of work is tediously difficult even in the calm of a laboratory, because the tip of the glass needle is delicate and tiny — far smaller than a human hair — and has to impale a specific kind of cell. On the scaffold, vibrations make the job practically torturous. “You hold everything, not just your breath,” Knoblauch said.
In the few hours before the wind became strong enough to scuttle the exercise, he hoped to make at least one successful measurement of the pressure inside the long tubes of living cells, called phloem, that deliver the sugars produced by photosynthesis in the leaves through the trunk to fruits and roots.
When the needle punctures the cell wall, the pressure of the water inside instantly compresses the oil. Knoblauch then uses before and after images to calculate the amount of compression and thus determine the pressure.
Knoblauch spent three years developing the needles, which he calls picogauges. And it’s just one of several techniques he has developed over the years to test the hypothesis that what drives the flow of nutrients in the phloem is pressure differential.
That hypothesis was developed in 1930 by a German plant physiologist, Ernst Münch, and has been widely accepted because it makes intuitive sense: Nutrients should flow from areas with higher pressure to areas with lower pressure. The hypothesis “is super plausible,” Knoblauch said. “But it’s untested.”
Proving the hypothesis would be far more than an academic exercise. Fully understanding how plants function could lead to improvements in crop yields or resistance to pests and disease.
Knoblauch’s work is so trying that he and his son had gotten fewer than 20 valid pressure measurements in the oak tree. “In about half a year, we will have all the data to say whether Münch is right or wrong, finally and definitively,” he said.
As to which it will be, Knoblauch said that if he’d been asked a few months ago, he might have said Münch was wrong. He’s still cautious, he said, “but it’s looking like he was right.”     NYT

15 Truthful Reasons Men Want To Get Marriedreddit
If movies and TV shows are to be believed, men only settle down when a woman forces it on them with an ultimatum.
But as we all know, that's not really the case. A recent Reddit thread asked men why they want to tie the knot, and the responses were a far cry from that outdated gender stereotype. Check out 16 of their honest rationales below.
1. Marriage allows me to show my love in a way that nothing else can.
"It is a symbolic gesture of our love and commitment to one another. The wedding itself gives friends and family an excuse to even for a day truly celebrate our relationship and life together."
2. Marriage provides a stable environment for kids.
"I want to have children . A marriage provides -- theoretically -- the most stable environment in which to raise children."
3. Because of marriage, the woman I love can become my family.
"Because I love her, and I want her to be my family , and I want a legal document that will tell the world that she is my family."
4. Marriage is a money saver.
"The benefits, the benefits , the benefits. There are 1,138 federal benefits to a legally recognized marriage."
5. It allows me to fully commit myself to one person.
"Commitment. Marriage is a promise that we'll be together for life. Most of my acquaintances have a fair-weather relationship. If things get shitty for them, I'm not there. And in turn, if things get shitty for me, they won't be there for me. Marriage is a promise that you'll be there for each other even when things are shitty. Furthermore, it's one that you've made in front of your family and the world, so you're more likely to work to keep it."
6. Life is easier when you have a partner by your side.
"Marriage is awesome. I'm celebrating my 5 year anniversary in about a week and it was the best decision I have ever made. Improving myself is easier because I always have someone in my corner . The good things are more exciting and the bad things are more manageable when you don't have to handle them alone."
7. The thought of loving someone forever makes me happy.
"I want to be able to spend the rest of my life with someone who I love and who loves me back. Thinking about it makes me very happy."
8. I don't want to lose the greatest thing that's ever happened to me.
"I got married because I honestly couldn't see myself finding anyone like my wife, let alone a better fit for me as a partner through life."
9. I believe traditions are important.
"The legal benefits are a pretty strong argument for it if nothing else. Then there is the wedding itself which is always fun, plus I think there is something to be said for traditions , even if the actual ceremony wouldn't resemble a traditional wedding in so many ways."
10. I would do anything for the woman I love, including marry her.
"Because it made my wife happy , and I love her so much that I'd do anything to make her smile."
11. I'm excited to create an awesome family to make up for the one I never had.
"My parents got divorced when I was in fourth grade, and it made me pretty jaded about marrying someone ... When I think back on all of it, it actually makes me want to get married . Having a really awesome family of my own and doing everything I can to ensure that none of that ever happens to my children is one of my largest life goals. It’s my own way of correcting what happened in my own childhood."
12. I want to spend my life with my BFF by my side.
"I get to spend my life with my best friend , whom I admire and love tremendously."
13. I love the idea of committing to someone who accepts me for who I am.
"I want to have someone who knows everything about me, and accepts and supports it by my side forever. I'm quite scared of it, especially after seeing my parents marriage but I definitely yearn for that companionship."
14. Marriage simply makes logical sense.
"Saying, 'my wife' is shorter than saying, 'my girlfriend.'"
15. Life is so much better with a spouse.
"Honestly there's no aspect of [life] that's better than being in a relationship. Sex? Better in a relationship. Doing shit together? Better in a relationship (as long as you both like the stuff.) I don't want to marry just some girl I get along with, but if there is a girl I know I could be happy with for the rest of my life, then why shouldn't I ask her to marry me ?"
Keep in touch! Check out HuffPost Weddings on Facebook , Twitter and Pinterest . Sign up for our newsletter here .
Also on HuffPost:

Court orders Arizona to recognize one same-sex marriageBy Mark Berman September 12 Follow @markberman
A federal judge has ordered Arizona to recognize one same-sex marriage, determining Friday that the state must formally acknowledge that Fred McQuire and George Martinez were married.
McQuire and Martinez were together for more than four decades before they got married in California over the summer. In August, a month after they were married, Martinez died. But because same-sex marriage remains banned in Arizona, McQuire asked the court to make the state list him as Martinez’s spouse. McQuire argued that by leaving him off of Martinez’s death certificate, McQuire would suffer emotional harm as well as the loss of financial benefits.
U.S. District Judge John W. Sedwick agreed that he should be listed, ordering the Arizona Department of Health Services to “prepare, issue, and accept a death certificate” that lists McQuire as Martinez’s spouse. His ruling is very limited, focusing only on this one couple, but it also touches on the larger issues involving same-sex marriage, noting that arguments suggesting Arizona’s ban does not discriminate “lacks merit.” (You can read the complete ruling here .)
The Supreme Court ruled last year that the federal government had to recognize same-sex marriages performed in states where it is legal. But it did not expand beyond that and say whether couples in all states should be able to get married, and activists and attorneys have been pushing to get the court to consider this larger question .
In the order, Sedwick wrote that McQuire would suffer “loss of dignity and status coming in the midst of an elderly man’s personal grief.” He agreed that McQuire would suffer emotional harm and a violation of his rights if his marriage was not recognized after Martinez’s death.
Still, Sedwick did not agree that McQuire would have access to Martinez’s benefits, writing that McQuire would not qualify for these benefits even if he was on the death certificate because of how long they were married.
McQuire spoke during the hearing about why he was fighting for this recognition.
“I need to let people know I was married,” he said, according to the Arizona Republic . “George was my life partner for over 40 years. We loved each other and he would love to have my name on his death certificate.”
But he said he expected to lose the home he and Martinez had shared, because his pension would not be enough to allow him to stay.
Arizona banned same-sex marriage in 2008. Seven couples in the state, including Martinez and McQuire, were part of a  lawsuit filed in March challenging the ban.
This came not long after the state drew heavy criticism for a bill that would have let businesses refuse service to gay people. Gov. Jan Brewer (R) ultimately vetoed the bill, which had been criticized by a host of big businesses (including the host committee of next year’s Super Bowl , set to take place in Arizona).
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He anchors Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410559905/1410559905000/1410559905 tracking: {authors=Mark Berman, blog_name=post-nation, content_category=National, in_url_headline=court-orders-arizona-to-recognize-one-same-sex-marriage, post_id=11599, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 12, 2014 10:11:45 PM close date: Sep 26, 2014 10:11:45 PM

Route foreign funding through MEA: HRDministryPrint
Written by Ruhi Tewari | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:08 am
In a bid to ensure a level playing field with foreign entities funding central universities in the country, the HRD Ministry has said all such funding should be routed through the Ministry of External Affairs.
The issue came up during a two-day retreat of vice-chancellors of 39 central universities chaired by HRD Minister Smriti Irani in Chandigarh, which ended Saturday.
According to sources, during a discussion on ‘mobilising external sources of funding’, some V-Cs inquired about the role and logistics of foreign funding. The ministry, it is learnt, said universities must exercise caution since some clauses in MoUs signed with foreign entities are often not in favour of Indian universities or the country. To overcome this, the ministry proposed that all such funding be routed through the MEA.
There was also a session on a ‘single Act for central universities’ based on the A M Pathan committee report. The ministry said it was open to the idea, but more work was needed on the issue.

Drug purchase row: Nitish  S K Modi  locked in letterwarPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:07 am
Former Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and his former deputy Sushil Kumar Modi are engaged in ‘letter war’ over alleged irregularities in the purchase of medicines worth more than Rs 67 crore by the state health department. Nitish held additional charge of the health department at the time of the purchase.
The medicines were purchased by the state health committee and Bihar Medical Services and Infrastructure Private Limited, set up in 2010, through tenders. The purchase was made after June 2013, when JD(U) snapped ties with the BJP. The ‘letter war’ started after a report by the state government’s drug committee last week found prima facie irregularities in the purchase, and claimed medicines were either overpriced or manufactured by blacklisted companies.
As BJP launched an attack, Nitish Thursday wrote to Modi, a senior BJP leader, asking for an explanation of his “role” in the purchase. In the letter, Nitish said, “I want to know when and how many times orders of health minister were taken for tenders.”
Nitish said an attempt was being made to link him to an official, Sanjay Kumar, who was his personal secretary and later became joint secretary in the health department as well as the head of the drug purchase committee.
On Saturday, Modi offered a point-wise “rebuttal” to Nitish’s queries and also posed a few questions. Modi said a CM had a duty to “prevent a scam” and “intervene” in matters of any department, if its activities were under scanner.
He also asked why the present health minister Ramdhani Singh, who was talking about ordering an inquiry, had “spared” Nitish.
Modi added: “Did you not know about the scam as health minister when K K Singh Committee was set up on January 13, 2014 to look into the drug purchase? When the committee was supposed to submit its report in seven days, was it not your responsibility to ensure it is submitted within the time frame?”

Studying Stephen HawkingsuniversePrint
Reuters | Posted: September 14, 2014 1:56 am
Eddie Redmayne spent six to seven months working with a choreographer to get the scientist right. An impressed Hawking told him: ‘I thought I saw myself on screen’
Actor Eddie Redmayne spent seven months working with a choreographer to prepare for the biggest role of his career, ironically a man whose body is reduced by disease to minuscule movement in his hand and face.
That man, British astrophysicist Stephen Hawking, is one of the most recognisable figures in the world and landing the role in The Theory of Everything gave Redmayne “a moment of euphoria followed by a moment of deep fear”.
Redmayne, a 32-year-old Londoner, says he went “old-school” in his preparation and spent months with the choreographer at clinics with patients of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease. He took photos of a young Hawking to an expert to study the stages of his decline over 25 years, including the loss of his voice.
“I spent six-seven months working with this dancer to embed it in my body,” Redmayne said. By the time shooting started, his goal was to have the physical part down so well that he could concentrate just on the emotions.
It looks like he pulled it off, judging by Hawking’s critique.
“He gave Eddie the enormous compliment of saying ‘I thought it was me on screen’,” said director James Marsh. “That tells you a lot about Eddie’s performance. It passed the biggest test.”
Variety critic Justin Chang said “Redmayne’s performance nails all the outward manifestations without unnecessary exaggeration,” and predicted the Focus Features film would fare well critically and commercially when it opens in North America in November.
Hawking, now 72, gave his blessing to the film, even though it is based on the memoirs of his first wife, Jane Hawking, who married the young genius when he was given two years to live.
She cared for him and three kids over two decades and supported him in his high-flying career, including the writing of A Brief History of Time for non-scientists to understand the universe. It has sold over 10 million copies.
“It is an unconventional love story,” said Redmayne. “It is about young love, passionate love, family love, love of his subject. But it is also about the flaws and cracks in relationships.”
Jane is played by British actress Felicity Jones over the 25 years of the film, from when she meets the gangly and fun-loving student at Cambridge to when he leaves her for another woman.
“People did underestimate Jane and her sheer determination and life force,” said Jones. “Even though she was young, she had a very strong sense of herself.”
The break-up scene may be one of the film’s most memorable as a brilliant man struggles to communicate the end with a computerised voice lacking in musicality and a wheelchair that can only get so close.
“Even though Stephen is breaking up with Jane, there is a moment when all he can do to comfort her is push his wheelchair to nudge the back of her legs,” said Redmayne.
Redmayne continued…

The aam admi behind Attenboroughs Gandhiprint
When the actor-director Richard Attenborough died recently, the tributes mostly focused on the film Gandhi. But only one of the many obituaries I saw mentioned — and that in passing — the remarkable (and remarkably self-effacing) man who was instrumental in persuading Attenborough to convey the Mahatma’s life and struggles so eloquently on celluloid.
This ‘unknown Indian’ was named Motilal Kothari. Of Gujarati origin, he had settled in London, where he worked on the staff of the Indian High Commission. When, in the late 1950s, he was diagnosed with heart trouble, he resolved to “sell my life dearly”. As he later recalled, “I decided I had to try to do something, however small, which I believed to be a positive step for humanity”. Gandhi’s message of peace resonated ever more strongly in a world engulfed by violence — why not have it expressed in that most popular medium, the feature film?
In October 1961, Kothari approached Louis Fischer, author of a major biography of the Mahatma. Fischer generously offered his book, free of charge, on which to base the film. In July 1962, Kothari asked Richard Attenborough whether he would be the director. In February 1963, Attenborough agreed. At Kothari’s suggestion, the prospective director got Lord Mountbatten to speak to the Indian prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru. Nehru endorsed the project “so long as the film was one of complete integrity”.
Kothari and Attenborough had a script prepared by Gerald Hanley. In November 1963, they visited Nehru and showed him the script. Nehru “found it to be written in the right spirit”. The text was then revised based on comments by experts. At the same time, a company called Indo-British Films Ltd was formed for the project, with Attenborough and Kothari serving as directors.
The above facts are based on an unpublished note by Motilal Kothari that I found in the papers of Horace Alexander, a Quaker activist who had been close to Gandhi. It was Alexander who put Kothari (and Attenborough) in touch with Mira Behn (Madeleine Slade), Gandhi’s adopted daughter, then living in retirement in Switzerland. No one knew the Mahatma better than Mira, and she was to provide crucial insights for the film.
On the 19th of December 1964, a press conference was held at London’s Savoy Hotel, where Kothari and Attenborough presented their plans. Here Kothari called Gandhi “the only man, at least in our century, who has shown by his own practice, a way of life that suggests a hope of solution of the outstanding world problems of today”. Announcing that Attenborough would direct the film, Kothari remarked: “If we succeed, even approximately, in portraying in our story, the rare and exquisite courtesy and compassion, humour and humility, courage and wisdom of this unique man, I believe that people, all over the world, coming out of the cinemas, will say to themselves … How good it is to be a man, and how wonderful it could be to try to be a good human being.”
This was said in December 1964. Attenborough’s Gandhi came out a full 18 years later. What accounted for the delay? One problem was funding: Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer first agreed to produce the film, then backed out. Another problem was finding the right scriptwriter. Kothari was very keen on Robert Bolt, who had written a wonderful play about Thomas More. More was ‘A Man For all Seasons’, whereas Gandhi, said Kothari, was ‘A Man For All Humanity’. Bolt wrote some sketches, but declined to go further.
The project stalled for a third reason: Kothari and Attenborough had a falling-out (the reasons for which are not clear). Kothari then asked David Lean to direct the film. He also visited India in 1965 and 1968, when he met Nehru’s successors, Lal Bahadur Shastri and Indira Gandhi, and urged them to support the project.
Motilal Kothari had originally hoped that the film would be ready by the time of the Gandhi Centenary, in 1969. That did not come to pass; and, in January 1970, Kothari himself succumbed to a heart attack. By now David Lean had lost interest in the project. Fortunately, Attenborough had not. Motivated by Kothari’s memory, and encouraged by (among others) the great sitarist Ravi Shankar, he raised money (and interest) in India, the United Kingdom and the United States. In his book In Search of Gandhi, Attenborough acknowledges his immense debt to Kothari, who was one of the film’s dedicatees (the others were Nehru and Mountbatten).
Although it won eight Oscars and was a box-office success, Attenborough’s Gandhi had a mixed reception among critics. Some reviewers were laudatory, seeing it as a successful representation of the Mahatma and his message. Others complained that it idealised its subject, and that it either left out important characters (Bose, Ambedkar) or caricatured them (Jinnah).
In a note for the script-writer, Motilal Kothari had singled out three aspects of Gandhi’s work: his identification with the poor, his struggles against injustice, and, finally, “his determination to practice continually everything himself first, before he asked others to do it”.
For Kothari, the Mahatma was in “exactly the same predicament as we all are today; the ever suffering humanity — especially poverty; the class war as it manifested itself in the caste system in India and class struggles elsewhere; racial discrimination and religious intolerance; and the most important of all, national and ideological rivalries leading to war and violence”.
These words were spoken in 1964. They retain their resonance 50 years later. Meanwhile, the film that Motilal Kothari inspired and initiated, Richard Attenborough’s Gandhi, is still watched and discussed in classrooms and homes across the globe.
Ramachandra Guha’s most recent book is Gandhi Before India. You can follow him on Twitter at @Ram_Guha. The views expressed by the author are personal.

Srinagar: Flood recedes  but fears dontFlood water recedes, but fear over casualties grows in Srinagar
Sukhdeep Kaur , Hindustan Times  Srinagar, September 14, 2014
First Published: 00:54 IST(14/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:34 IST(14/9/2014)
Comments
As the flood waters recede in Srinagar, speculation on the number of the dead is rising. A news agency on Saturday said that the bodies of 14 children were found in the GB hospital. Health authorities have said a few infants died owing to waterborne diseases but the 300 patients were rescued and sent to the army hospital at Badami Bagh.
Members of a Kashmiri family wade through a waterlogged street in Srinagar's Bemina area. (PTI Photo)
There were also unsubstantiated reports of bodies flowing into Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir.
But doctors and other experts fear that the death toll will spike due to the water-borne diseases which follow floods, rather than the floods themselves.
Within a week, Srinagar has turned into a garbage dump.
Rejected relief material can be seen floating in the Jhelum with the carcasses of animals. Packets of bread, milk powder and bottles of drinking water float on the muddied waters even as the army, volunteers and NDRF ferry up and down the river trying to provide aid.
Read: Water levels in north Kashmir matter of concern, says Omar
“It is disease that will claim more lives than the floods. The contaminated water has given rise to problems like upper respiratory tract infections, dermatitis and diarrhoea. We are trying to provide primary first aid through mobile vans,” said Dr Abdul Haseeb, an MD from SKIMS, who along with five other doctors have pooled medicines and funds to run mobile clinics in affected areas.
Even as the civic woes are piling up, the National Disaster Management Authority is yet to figure out how to pump out the excess water from the flooded parts of the city. Suction pumps from Vishakapatnam will be used to suck the water out and dump it in a water body – most likely the Jhelum or its canals.
Read: Omar’s SOS brings langar from Amritsar
Broken highways and flooded main roads have led to immense chaos as people are now finding it very difficult to move from one place to the next.
And to make matters worse, law and order is under siege. Incidents of thefts are being reported from houses, especially those in the more affluent parts of the city.
Groups of angry youth can be seen asking locals to refuse food and other supplies.
The lack of electrical supply and the breakdown of communication and telecom networks and facilities has only worsened the situation.

Govt cuts power  water to squatting netas bungalowsGovt cuts power, water to squatting netas’ houses
Moushumi Das Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 13, 2014
First Published: 21:43 IST(13/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:18 IST(14/9/2014)
Comments
The government on Saturday disconnected power and water connections to the houses of around 30 former MPs and cabinet ministers who have refused to vacate their plush bungalows in spite of several eviction notices.
The extreme step affected around two dozen ex-MPs across party lines, including former cabinet ministers Ajit Singh and Jitendra Singh, and former Jharkhand chief minister Babulal Marandi.
As a result of the move —carried out by the New Delhi Municipal Council under orders from the urban development ministry — around 15 former MPs moved out by Saturday evening, NDMC chairperson Jalaj Srivastava told HT.
Former MPs whose power and water lines were snapped include Congress’ Vijay Inder Singla, Mohd. Azharuddin, Avtar Singh Bhadana, who has since left the party, CPI (M)’s Khagen Das, BJP’s BY Raghavendra, son of former Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyuruppa, and former prime minister Chandra Shekhar’s son Neeraj Sekhar.
“Till Saturday evening, we disconnected supply to 27 of the bungalows. Power and water supply will not be restored till new occupants move in,” said Srivastava. The step to disconnect power and water lines is the first in over a decade.
Ministry sources said the unprecedented decision was taken after the Lok Sabha House Committee — which allots bungalows and flats to MPs — and the UD ministry, which allots houses to cabinet ministers, met earlier this week to review the status of government accommodation yet to be vacated.
 “Former MPs and ministers were asked to vacate their official accommodation by June 5. We gave them several extensions but 30 of them continued to overstay, leaving us no other option,” said a government official involved with the eviction drive.
Getting former ministers and MPs to vacate their bungalows has become a big worry for the government. Last week, RLD leader and former aviation minister Ajit Singh’s supporters blocked an eviction attempt by surrounding the 12 Tughlaq Road bungalow, not letting the team in. The UD ministry team was forced to beat a hasty retreat.
The government last resorted to a forceful eviction in 2009 after Republican Party of India chief Ramdas Athawale failed to vacate his Lodhi Estate bungalow despite several notices. Eviction officers from the UD ministry went to Athawale’s residence and forcibly removed all his belongings from the house.

Q&A with the artist who used social media and Photoshop to fake an epic tripBy Caitlin Dewey September 12 Follow @caitlindewey
Zilla van der Born is not a spy, but for five weeks last year, she acted like one: hiding out in her apartment, wearing disguises when she went outside, and telling everyone she knew — even her parents — that she was jetting around Southeast Asia. She was not.
What the 25-year-old Netherlander was undertaking was an epic feat of performance art/Photoshop magicry. Van der Born is a graphic designer: She’s long been fascinated by the possibility, and danger, of manipulated images. So for this project, which was completed in 2013 but recently went viral, she attempted to take that manipulation to the next level: convincingly Photoshopping herself into travel photos, Skyping her parents from a “Thai hotel” set she built in her apartment, and fake-tanning her way to a convincing vacation glow. This, for instance, is how she created an image of her “snorkeling in the ocean”:
And this is how she faked a shot in an Asian temple:
The result is a striking commentary not only on the power of Photoshop — but also on the malleability of truth online.
“What is reality?” Van de Born asks in an artist’s statement on her Web site. “We live in a visual culture in which mediated information and reality are intertwined.”
Van de Born and I recently chatted more about that idea, and her theories on photography and social media, via e-mail. This conversation has been lightly edited for style, space and flow.
The photos you made are basically photo illustrations, which is like a genre of art in and of itself. How did you conceive the ideas for those? What’s your creative process like?
I’ve always been fascinated by Photoshop and before/after pictures — the many possibilities they have. It intrigues me that a photo has an insidious, ambiguous relationship with reality, because there is a constant battle going on between two photographic considerations: making the photographed object as beautiful as possible, and telling the truth. What a picture finally really shows is never the exact situation as it really was, it is a flavored version of the truth!
Some photos were more easy than others, but it took me about half a day per photo. I threw away many photos that weren’t good enough for my liking.
Where did this idea come from?
I combined the two things I love most: photo manipulation and traveling.
Before my graduation project, I traveled to Australia to do research about “the tourist gaze”: how people from abroad look at an environment in a totally different way than locals. Most tourists are experiencing their trip through the lens of their camera, which blocks them from reality. We are always looking for those picture-perfect moments. So that’s why we filter what we show on social media (in this case only the holiday photos of sunny days, spectacular moments) and even put filters over them to make them look more beautiful. Together we create some sort of ideal world online which reality can no longer meet. So I decided I wanted to do this experiment to show the people around me how it feels to believe in a false reality.
Was anybody in on it?
Only my boyfriend was in on it (we live together) and the photographer, Daniel Ashes (although I didn’t know him beforehand). Daniel helped me make photos with the same lightning as the environment I wanted to Photoshop myself into.
What was the reaction from your friends and family, especially your parents, when they found out?
They were shocked at first, confused and angry that they were worried for nothing. But in the end they understand why I did it and I have won their trust back. I wouldn’t have done this if I wasn’t sure my parents would get the point of it and support me.
So is this essentially a commentary on the Internet? On illusion? On photography?
My goal was to prove how easy it is to believe in a distorted reality. I wanted to make people more aware that the images we see are manipulated, and that it’s not only the models in the magazines, but also our friends on social media who contribute to this fake reality. We should be more careful about what we believe, and ask ourselves why a photo is made — how and by whom and with which intention.
Finally – any plans to go to Southeast Asia for *real*?
I actually already went there, right after my graduation! I had to go see for myself. And it was pretty weird at times, because I had moments where I thought I had been there before, because I had done my research so well. I already knew where I wanted to go and how to get there. Actually my project was the perfect holiday preparation!
Caitlin Dewey runs The Intersect blog, writing about digital and Internet culture. Before joining the Post, she was an associate online editor at Kiplinger’s Personal Finance.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=lifestyle, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410540877/1410540877000/1410540877 tracking: {authors=Caitlin Dewey, blog_name=the-intersect, content_category=Lifestyle, in_url_headline=what-is-reality-a-qa-with-the-artist-who-used-social-media-and-photoshop-to-fake-an-epic-trip-even-her-parents-fell-for, post_id=3052, section={section=lifestyle, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 12, 2014 4:54:37 PM close date: Sep 26, 2014 4:54:37 PM

14 People Who Lost Limbs But Not Their Sense Of Humorreddit
For those of us who have never lost a limb, it's impossible to really understand the type of physical and emotional trauma it might inflict on a person. Those affected include soldiers, law enforcement, athletes, and everyday people who experienced some sort of disease or accident.
There's no doubt that these are strong people. But what makes these people the strongest is perhaps not just their ability to adapt to misfortune, but also their ability to maintain a sense of humor about it all.
Basically, we want to hang out with these people, one of whom has become the absolute master of Halloween costumes.
1

NASA releases new tips for finding alien lifeBy Abby Phillip September 13 Follow @abbydphillip
This artist's rendering, provided by NASA, shows Kepler-11, a sun-like star around which six planets orbit. A planet-hunting telescope is finding whole new worlds of possibilities in the search for alien life, including more than 50 potential planets that initially appear to be in habitable zones. (NASA via Associated Press)
So you want to find alien life? NASA can help.
The space agency is out with some new tips for going about your search  the right way and avoiding the trap of false positives. Researchers at NASA's Astrobiology Institute’s Virtual Planetary Laboratory conducted thousands of simulations of various atmospheres and star types over the course of four years and came up with a few new recommendations.
The findings were published in the Astrophysical Journal this week.
Does the presence of oxygen mean that there was or had at one time been life on a planet? What about the presence of ozone? NASA has answers to these and some of your other burning questions.
Here are a few things you need to know:
Avoid "lone wolves"
The good news is that, despite trying very hard to come up with false positives, researchers only found a few to look out for: oxygen, ozone and methane.
As lone wolves, these molecules were thought to be signs of life all by themselves, but it turns out they can be produced inorganically -- that is, in the absence of anything living as we know it.
Your best bet is to look for them together.
"Our research strengthens the argument that methane and oxygen together, or methane and ozone together, are still strong signatures of life," said Shawn Domagal-Goldman of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland and the study's lead author. "We tried really, really hard to make false-positive signals for life, and we did find some, but only for oxygen, ozone, or methane by themselves."
Use the dorm-room pizza test
Think of the relationship between methane and oxygen as you would the relationship between pizza and college kids. Methane won't last long in a room full of oxygen just like you wouldn't expect pizza to last long in a room full of cheap, hungry students.
Oxygen consumes methane in certain reactions -- so if they are both present, it is probably because some form of life keeps putting more methane there, Domagal-Goldman said.
"If you see pizza in a room, and there are also college students in that room, chances are the pizza was freshly delivered, because the students will quickly eat the pizza," he said. "The same goes for methane and oxygen. If both are seen together in an atmosphere, the methane was freshly delivered because the oxygen will be part of a network of reactions that will consume the methane.
He continued: "You know the methane is being replenished. The best way to replenish methane in the presence of oxygen is with life. The opposite is true, as well. In order to keep the oxygen around in an atmosphere that has a lot of methane, you have to replenish the oxygen, and the best way to do that is with life."
Consider your star
Stars are probably a bit underrated. And based on NASA's newest findings, it's even more critical to take them seriously.
The chemical reactions that might produce or destroy oxygen, ozone and methane without the presence of life are driven by the light coming from stars:
For example, massive, hot stars or stars with frequent explosive activity produce more ultraviolet light. "If there is more ultraviolet light hitting the atmosphere, it will drive these photochemical reactions more efficiently," said Domagal-Goldman. "More specifically, different colors (or wavelengths) of ultraviolet light can affect oxygen and ozone production and destruction in different ways."
We might need better tools
All of this is good and well, but some of it might require more accurate tools than we are currently being used, according to Domagal-Goldman.
"To confirm life is making oxygen or ozone, you need to expand your wavelength range to include methane absorption features. Ideally, you’d also measure other gases like carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide [a molecule with one carbon atom and one oxygen atom].
"So we're thinking very carefully about the issues that could trip us up and give a false-positive signal, and the good news is by identifying them, we can create a good path to avoid the issues false positives could cause. We now know which measurements we need to make. The next step is figuring out what we need to build and how to build it."
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410611247/1410611247000/1410611247 tracking: {authors=Abby Phillip, blog_name=speaking-of-science, content_category=National, in_url_headline=nasa-releases-new-tips-for-finding-alien-life, post_id=1063, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 13, 2014 12:27:27 PM close date: Sep 27, 2014 12:27:27 PM

Spectrum sharing  trading guidelines byyear-endTelecom & IT minister Ravi Shanker Prasad addressing a press conference in New Delhi on Saturday. (Source: IE photo by Prem Nath Pandey)
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:39 am
The government on Saturday said that the mechanism for auction and guidelines for telecom spectrum trading and sharing will be in place by the end of the year.
In a press conference marking the first 100 days of the government, Ravi Shankar Prasad, minister of law, IT and telecommunications, said, “For spectrum trading and sharing, Trai recommendations have come to the department. I have told the department to prepare guidelines by the end of the year with few key objectives in mind. It should be fair and objective… Mechanism for spectrum auction is also being worked out. It should be there by the end of the year or at best, by the end of the financial year”.
On July 21 this year, the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (Trai) had recommended sharing of spectrum in the bands of 800 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 2100 MHz, 2300 MHz and 2500 MHz provided that both the licencees are having spectrum in the same band.
It had suggested that even spectrum allocated at the old price of Rs 1,658 crore or assigned without auction should also be included in it so that companies could significantly reduce cost of providing mobile services.
Currently, telecom operators have been allocated radiowave frequencies in 800 MHz (CDMA); 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 2100 MHz (GSM 2G/3G); 2300 MHz and 2500 MHz (4G) for wireless telecom services.
While operators are allowed to share passive infrastructure like mobile towers, which has helped them in reducing operational cost, they are not allowed to share active infrastructure like spectrum. The minister further added that the issue of spectrum harmonisation will also take place soon.
Further, in a bid to safeguard the country’s servers from cyber attacks, Prasad said that the government has decided to set up National Cyber Co-ordination Centre (NCCC) to monitor web traffic and ensure security of the e-governance initiatives of the government. “We are investing Rs 800 crore for this project and inter-ministerial consultations are on,” Prasad said. He added that the department will also be setting up an e-governance security centre at the cost of Rs 270 crore to secure the government’s e-initiatives.
‘Will ensure Section 66A is not abused’
NEW DELHI: Telecom and IT minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said that while the government will ensure that the Section 66A of the IT Act, that led to arrest of people for posting comments on social media sites, is not “abused”, the Constitution permits it to take steps for ensuring public order and security.
“I will specially consider that this (Section 66A) is not abused but we can never say that at times social media is not misused. A balance is required,” he said. The section of the IT Act deals with punishment for sending offensive messages through communication which could cause annoyance or ill will.    ENS

Harsh Vardhan visitsJammuUnion Minister for Health and Family Welfare, Harsh Vardhan visiting Jammu and Poonch to oversee relief operations in the flood affected areas, in Jammu and Kashmir on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:33 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 10:40 am
After a daylong tour of flood-hit Jammu on Saturday, union health minister Dr Harsh Vardhan asked for additional consignments of emergency medicines to be despatched.
The minister said antibiotics, oral rehydration solution sachets, anti-diarrhoeal drugs, chlorine tablets, bleaching powder, medicines for eye and skin infections, IV fluids and other essential drugs will be sent within the next few days.
“We have already despatched a large quantity of medicines over the past week, but I feel we have to enhance stocks to deal with the post-flood situation which from my experience tends to drag on for months. I have requested the J&K government officials to feel free to ask for anything because the Prime Minister has himself pledged whole-hearted support,” Dr Harsh Vardhan said.
Soon after arriving in Jammu, the Minister took a meeting of state officials who included the divisional commissioner, the deputy commissioners of Jammu and Poonch, the director of health services, the medical superintendent of Jammu Medical College,officials of the National Rural Health Mission and other officials.
The minister is due to visit the Kashmir Valley on Sunday.

Iraq premier orders halt on airstrikes over civilian areas held byISISA resident in the ISIS-dominated Ramadi said there had been attacks throughout Friday.
Reuters | Baghdad | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:23 am
Iraq’s Shia Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi on Saturday said he had ordered his air force to halt strikes on civilian areas, addressing a condition set by Sunni Muslim tribal figures to support his campaign against ISIS fighters.
Rights groups say Iraqi government attacks this year, many of them in areas held by the ISIS which controls one-third of the country, have indiscriminately targeted civilians.
“I have ordered the Iraqi Air Force to halt shelling of civilian areas even in those towns controlled by ISIS,” Abadi said on his official Twitter account.
The United Nations representative in Iraq, Nickolay Mladenov, welcomed the comments, which were repeated by Abadi at a conference about refugees on Saturday in Baghdad. “Protection of civilians and ensuring their safety and security is a paramount priority for the United Nations,” Mladenov said.
Diplomats and Iraqi politicians from across Iraq’s political spectrum hope Abadi, who formed a cabinet on Monday, can detoxify the political system to form a unified front against ISIS.
Sunni Muslim tribal figures have demanded a freeze on military action on civilian areas as one of the conditions for their support of Abadi’s Shia-led government against the ISIS.
Iraqi authorities have cracked down on Sunni protests over the past two years, using barrel bombs to hit the Islamist fighters who hide among civilians.
Abadi said the order had been issued on Thursday. On the same day, 14 barrel bombs were dropped on Falluja city, killing 22 civilians, a source at a hospital in the city said.
A resident in the ISIS-dominated Ramadi said there had been attacks throughout Friday on villages around the city, killing at least three civilians.

16 killed as bus plunges into river in TehriUpdated: September 13, 2014 20:07 IST
16 killed as bus plunges into river in Tehri
Kavita Upadhyay
The Hindu The bus that fell into the gorge. Photo. Virender Singh Negi
The Hindu The injured victims being rescued. Photo. Virender Singh Negi
TOPICS
Uttarakhand
Sixteen persons were killed and 15 injured as a bus fell into a gorge in Tehri district's Juyalgarh area, on Saturday afternoon.
Tehri Superintendent of Police (SP) Mukhtar Mohsin said the bus may have fallen into the gorge due to over-speeding while overtaking another vehicle,
The bus was going from Rishikesh to Karnaprayag when it fell into a local stream, which is about 135 km from here.
“The police and the local administration helped the injured, three of whom were in critical condition and had to be air-lifted to Dehradun for the required healthcare,” Mr. Mohsin said, adding that the remaining injured were admitted in the Base Hospital in Srinagar.
The rescue operations were over by Saturday evening and the identification of the dead was underway.
Chief Minister Harish Rawat, on Saturday, announced that a compensation of Rs. 1 lakh would be paid to the kin of the dead, and Rs. 50,000 would be paid to those who were severely injured in the accident.

Women in Business: Q&A with Jocelyn Gailliot  Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officerreddit
Jocelyn graduated from Brown University in 2003 with a double major in architecture and business/economics. After graduation, she moved to New York City and worked as an investment banking analyst at Morgan Stanley. From 2005 until 2007 she worked for Shorenstein, a real estate private equity fund in New York City. In 2008 she moved to Hong Kong where she worked in Private Equity for LaSalle Investment Management for two more years and traveled throughout all of Asia Pacific for business and pleasure.
Upon returning to the U.S. in 2010, Jocelyn and a partner developed a 268-unit apartment project in Washington DC's hip 14th street neighborhood. In 2012 Jocelyn and her younger sister, Madeline Moore, along with a friend September Rinnier became frustrated with the lack of an online lifestyle retailer that targeted their more classic, All-American style and launched Tuckernuck. Their vision was to inspire buyers all over the world by cross merchandising products from hundreds of small and large brands in rich lifestyle content. They wanted to use Martha Stewart like content to inspire and sell products that represented their active and classic all-American taste.
With a background in finance and investing, Jocelyn is the company's CEO and is primarily responsible for growth strategy, business development and assists co-founders Maddy and September in buying.
How has your life experience made you the leader you are today?
That's a loaded question.  I think I have three that really stand out:
1. Supportive, entrepreneurial family: My father was an entrepreneur and growing up I always admired the pride he took in building his business.  As a leader he was impressive, because he focused on creating a collegiate culture of smart, driven people.  I realized one of the most important parts of building a business was creating an environment where a great team could thrive.  When my siblings and I all wanted to launch our various startups, my parents were the first ones to help by giving us housing, office space above a garage, hours of advice, cars to borrow and most importantly endless support.
2. Playing Sports:  Sports has been a huge part of my life since I was tiny.  It was on and off the sports fields that I learned about time management, discipline, competition, communication, pushing my mind and body, decision making and collaboration.  The best teams I was on were ones where everyone was good and not one person was great.  We depended on each other and not any specific individual.  The best leaders are the ones that bring good people together to do great things.
3. Working and living abroad:  When I was 26 I moved to Asia sight unseen.  Living and working on the other side of the world forced me to become more independent, more confident in the decisions I made and more excited about understanding the strengths and benefits of different people and cultures. Startups require confident decision making because you don't always have a lot of data to go off of.
How has your previous employment experience aided your position at Tuckernuck?
Prior to Tuckernuck, I was in the world of finance.  I spent my days analyzing businesses, management teams and markets.  When we launched Tuckernuck, we wanted to create a business based on a long-term revenue model.  We are constantly focused on the bottom line and what we need to do to continue to grow our revenue.  I was also in a large corporate environment that was based on systems and structure.  I try to bring a little of that professionalism to our business without stifling the creativity and free spirit of a startup.
What have the highlights and challenges been during your tenure at Tuckernuck?
Highlights:
1. Moving out of the Garage: My co-founders and I launched Tuckernuck on a lean business model and that meant working out of my parents' garage in Georgetown to save money on rent.  Less than a year into Tuckernuck, we had built enough of a revenue stream to move into a real office.  That was a true highlight.
2. Hiring:  We have built an incredible team over the past couple years.  They are scrappy, hard working, creative and smart.  We are all friends and enjoy every second of building this business together.  I'm very proud of the team that we have put together. Without them, Tuckernuck would not exist.
Challenges:
Working Capital and Scaling:  As we start to grow, our business model requires taking on some inventory.  Managing the turn of this inventory and buying enough of it to scale is a scary challenge.  If you don't buy enough you miss a lot of sales and if you buy too much you can jeopardize the business.
How is Tuckernuck shaking up the preppy fashion world?
For some reason the preppy fashion world seems to be stuck in the past. Most of the large iconic brands are still dependent on catalogs and brick and mortar stores while the smaller creative brands are sold regionally in boutiques. It's a very fragmented market. We want Tuckernuck to be a platform that not only combines all these brands for sale, but also uses rich content to celebrate and highlight this lifestyle that is rooted in tradition, sport, travel, family, culture and social affairs. We are bringing this classic lifestyle into the 21st century by giving people access to it online and pushing our customer by combining the more traditional pieces, bold patterns and pastel colors with slightly fashion forward trends.
What advice can you offer women who are seeking to start their own business?
1. Find something you are passionate about, and it won't feel like work.
2. Take the time to know everything about your target audience or clients because without them, you have no business.
3. Build an incredible team... there are so many great ideas, but what makes a great idea a great business is the team that builds it.
4. Start with a revenue model, because it is easier to grow without having to raise money.
How do you maintain a work/life balance?
It's definitely a challenge.  I have two young children and I've made their lives adapt to mine so I can spend as much time as possible with them.  They have grown up in our offices and showroom, playing with photo equipment, accessories and of course the team.  I spend time with them in the mornings before work and after.  If I need to, I log back in at night after bed time to finish up any loose ends.  The beauty of being an entrepreneur is that I can make my schedule a bit more flexible, so I can attend some music or gymnastics classes in the mornings and do playdates with other moms and then make up for it at night.  It's tough though.  Balancing family, friends and a startup is exhausting, but so worth it.  You learn to be so much more efficient with your time.  I'm extremely present at whatever I'm doing.  I think it makes my time at work and with my family and friends that much more rewarding.  I'm also lucky to have two co-founders who are younger.  Since they don't have children, they cover for me when I can't always be physically present.  We are very supportive of each other.
What do you think is the biggest issue for women in the workplace?
Being heard.  It is a fact that women speak up less than men in the work world.  The CEO of the private equity fund I was working for was a woman and she gave some great advice.  In every meeting say something intelligent, so that your voice is heard and others know to take you seriously.  I've followed that advice ever since.
How has mentorship made a difference in your professional and personal life?
I've had two great mentors in my past that served different purposes.  The first, took me under his wing and included me in every part of a deal.  He taught me that most people in the room have not done their homework, so if you take the time to read the doc you can outsmart anyone in negotiating.  He taught me how to network and the art of negotiation... what business points to focus on and what business points to give on.  My second mentor threw me into the deep end on day one.  I was the youngest person by far to be leading large deal teams on investments in China.  I scrambled, researched, studied and sweat more than I ever had.  I learned what my strengths and weaknesses were, and I gained a ton of confidence that I can accomplish things I really had no idea I could just by being scrappy.  That is probably the best preparation I could have ever received for being an entrepreneur.
Which other female leaders do you admire and why?
I think the women I admire most are those that have taken creative passions and combined them with confident business mindsets.  Right now I'm admiring, my mom (badass real estate developer), Sophia Amoruso, founder and CEO of Nasty Gal; Shonda Rhimes, creator of Grey's Anatomy and Scandal; and Tory Burch.  My mom for teaching me that having four kids and a career is doable and fulfilling. Sophia for creating a strong brand that was unconventional, but all hers from day one.  Shonda Rhimes for her recent commencement speech about managing motherhood and a successful business. And Tory Burch for creating a creative empire while remembering to mentor and give back to young female entrepreneurs.
What do you want Tuckernuck to accomplish in the next year?
We are still at such a young stage.  We have a lot of growing to do in the next year.  We want to continue to use innovative and creative ways to bring our lifestyle online with better technology and the addition of video.  We are focused on continuing to grow our loyal buying base and spreading the word about Tuckernuck, and finally we want to continue to add fun aspects to our business that resonate with our brand, such as introducing more vintage pieces through a Tuckernuck bazaar.
Follow Laura Dunn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/lauraemilyd
More:

Egypt vital in fight against  terrorism : Jo...You are here: Home > Collections > Cairo
John Kerry says Egypt on frontline in fight against 'terrorism'
AFP Sep 13, 2014, 06.58PM IST
Tags:
Egypt
(US Secretary of State John…)
CAIRO: US Secretary of State John Kerry further closed ranks with Egypt Saturday, saying it was on the frontline of fighting "terrorism" as he sought Cairo's support for a coalition against Islamic State jihadists.
"Egypt is on the frontline of the fight against terrorism, particularly when it comes to fighting extremist groups in Sinai," Kerry told a press conference with Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukri .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brandon Stanton: Human of the worldComments
Brandon Stanton talks about what sets his photo blog apart and about travelling to 11 countries in 50 days - he's already been to Iraq, Jordan, Israel, Congo, Uganda, Kenya, South Sudan and Ukraine - as part of the promotional effort for the UN's Millennium Development Goals.
Let's start with yesterday's event in Delhi.
I've been to a lot of different countries. Every time I've gone to a country, people have been posting emails saying, 'Hey, I wanna meet you!' but the moment I posted my first India picture, I got 500 emails in a few hours from people in India. I've got so many fans here and I am very appreciative that they follow the blog. I had this idea an hour before I announced it and I said it would be cool if there were some place where I could meet everybody. I asked around and they showed me this Central Park area so I took a picture with my iPhone and said, 'OK, everybody, I'm going to be here in three hours if you want to come and say 'Hi'. I said I was going to be there at 6 pm and showed up at 5 and a ton of people were already there. So I started speaking at 5.10. Because the crowd was getting so big, I wanted to start talking just to keep everybody in control. So I asked everybody to sit down.
Brandon Stanton famous for his photo blog, Humans of New York (HONY), during an interaction with his young followers in Connaught Place, Delhi. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
They sat down?
Yeah, it was pretty amazing. Hundreds of people and everybody sat down there quiet and I spoke for about an hour. Then it got to be about 6.10 and some police came over. I couldn't understand as they were speaking in Hindi. But they were very angrily speaking and everybody was shouting back. I was told later that they were like, "Who is he with?" and everybody shouted, "All of us". They were telling us we had to disperse so I took several steps back and took a photo of the crowd. Then the crowd, that up until then had been very calm, started running forward and I started running towards my car. My poor driver had no idea who I was. All he knew was I was going to the park and I come running back to the car with hundreds of people running behind me!
Petra, Jordan: “We were engaged for six months, but her parents made her marry a richer man.” “What’s the last thing you said to her?” “I told her: ‘I’ve done all that I can do. I wish you happiness in your life.’” (Courtesy: Brandon Stanton)
Like a rock star!
Oh, it was very! But it was also scary because my girlfriend's claustrophobic. Everybody was swarming the car, pushing and rocking it and beating on windows. I think everybody who was at the event was relatively controlled and calm. I think the people who were being rowdy were those who weren't at the event; they just assumed I was somebody! Then the cops came and started pushing people. It was insane. I was laughing the entire time. My girlfriend got very nervous.
'Humans of Delhi' go gaga over New York blogger Brandon Stanton
Where have you travelled in India?
I went to Jammu, Dharamsala and Amritsar and then came back to Delhi. I had about seven days in India. I looked at the big map of India and I thought I could spend 12 hours in several different places or I could just pick one region and do it well. I happened to be in New Delhi and I want to go up north and see the Himalayas and so I ended up doing the northern part of the country. Of all the places I've been, India is the one that's on the top of my list to return to.
Where are you going now?
Now, I'm going to Nepal and then Vietnam and then after that, it's still open. The whole trip has been very improvisational; we have a very loose itinerary. I never buy plane tickets out of a country until I'm in the country so I get on the ground, figure out what I need, where I'm going, how much time I need, and schedule as I go along. It's been very fluid the entire time.
And is there some back-end support?
The UN is helping in some countries more than others. The one thing that I really appreciate is that they are helping me when I need it but they are also giving me a lot of freedom, which I like because I try to show normalcy, just random people. I don't want to go to a country, for example, India, and just go to the slums and try to show poverty or the need for education. The UN is doing so much great work in all the countries of the world. They said, 'We just want you to go and do your normal thing.' The trip is sponsored by the Millennium Development goals and the purpose is to raise awareness for those. But our goal is not to go into any of these countries and show what they need or what's wrong with them but to just show as normal a representation of life as we can.
That's what makes it interesting; otherwise, it would have been preachy.
Exactly! And I've tried to avoid that from Day One. Everybody asks, 'What does Humans of New York mean?' and I always say that I try to avoid putting any kind of message in the work even if it is a positive or optimistic message. The moment you do that, you're looking for certain people and words that fit into the world view you are trying to show and it becomes preachy. My goal is not to try to say anything specific about this person or this country or the world in general or humanity in general, but rather to approach random people and listen to them and try to tell their story in as honest and genuine a way as I can.
Where did you grow up?
I grew up in Georgia which is a state in the south (of the US). Two interesting things about Humans of New York is that here I am, 30 years old and 10 million people are following the website; it's been on the bestseller list for 21 weeks… And I didn't start photographing until the age of 26 and I had never been to New York before the age of 26. I moved to New York and everything took off.
Jinja, Uganda: “I want to be a nurse.” (Courtesy: Brandon Stanton)
You started Humans of New York casually.
Right. I'm very careful to emphasise that Humans of New York just came (about).  It started with me going into the city every day for eight hours because I love taking photos. It wasn't like I had this plan to have this hugely popular photo blog. I love taking photos so I would go and photograph all day long, every day, thousands of pix a day even. Then I started noticing that I really like the pictures of people that I was taking and beyond that, I really liked where I'd stop somebody and I would take a portrait. Through this love of photography, I started gravitating towards the photography that I liked the most, which happened to be these very intimate portraits of strangers I was taking on the street and I thought that though I haven't been photographing very long, I've got something special here and I'm going to devote my life to it. So I moved to New York to stop strangers on the street and take portraits of them. I was doing that for several months without any success. Things took off when, one day, I included a little quote from the person, something they said to me, and the response was large. It resonated with people and I said there's really something to this. Since that day, the path and trajectory of Humans Of New York has been about telling deeper and deeper stories of strangers that I meet on the street. The two things that make HONY powerful is the intimacy of the stories combined with the anonymity of the stranger. Hardly ever are those two things brought together. HONY brings them together and I think that's one of the reasons it works.
You're a great conversationalist. I'm not sure I'd be able to go up to a stranger in the street and get him to tell me his dad and mum weren't married.
A college student followed me one day and afterwards he said, 'I used to think you were a photographer who interviewed people. Now I realise you're some body that goes around talking to people and then takes their photograph.' The entirety of the process revolves around making these conversations as genuinely conversational as possible. When I know I'm doing good work is when I forget that I'm interviewing somebody; I'm engrossed in what they are saying; I'm following my general curiosity and just talking to the person and that's a very certain energy. I've had reporters follow me and it's showed me the difference because I'll be talking to the person and be into the conversation and the reporter will come up behind me and say, 'Do you mind if I ask you a few questions? What is your name? What is your occupation?' The energy is so different. So that's the key: it's not about the words; it's not about the questions. It's about the energy at the exchange that you're having with somebody. The energy, as amorphous as it is, plays a huge role in the work.
People are at ease when they talk to you.
I try to get them at ease; I do everything that I can. That's the trick of HONY and the hard part and what has taken me so long to learn is it's not the photography that's hard; it's not the interviewing. What's hard is approaching a random stranger on the street and making them feel comfortable enough in a very short amount of time to reveal things to you that are really intimate and revealing of their lives.
How did you do at first?
I was horrible. The first 3,000 people I approached, I was awful. I was figuring it out. Because I've photographed 10,000 people, you've got to think I've approached 20,000. At first, I over explained: 'Oh, I'm doing this project; this is what I do…' Then I realised it's not about the explanation. If anything, explaining too much makes the person nervous. You really can't teach this because it's got to be earned; you've got to do it so many times that you are very comfortable with it. The worst thing you can do is be nervous because then you make the other person nervous. You have to be completely calm; you have to be very genuine; you have to put the other person at ease and that takes practice. You've got to do it so many times it doesn't scare you anymore; because that person is not going to be comfortable unless you are comfortable. It took a long time but now its second nature.
Has anybody ever told you something that has shocked you?
All the time. Think about the questions I'm asking: 'What's the most frightened you've ever been? What's the saddest moment of your life?' I mean I'm asking people to tell me the most shocking things that have ever happened to them. So by nature of the interview process the things that they tell me can be very shocking or tragic. Maybe tragic's a better word. A lot of tragedy in the world.
I liked the Sikh family that you did in Delhi. I'm wondering about the editing process. Did you have a long conversation with the gentleman and then come up with this gem?
Some conversations are very short; sometimes they are very long. Sometimes I use the first thing out of the person's mouth. Sometimes I'll be talking with them for 10 minutes... It all depends. The particular one that you're referencing, it was the answer to a simple question. He had a child with him so I just asked, 'What's your greatest dream for your child?' and he said, 'We'll let him dream for himself.' I thought that was poignant; I'd never heard that before. I know I have a caption that I'm going to use when somebody tells me something I've never heard before. It's very rarely a thought, a philosophy, when somebody says, 'Oh, I don't like cheese' or 'Oh, I think the government should be overthrown' because so many people share these thoughts. But what people don't share is stories. Everyone's got a unique story. Through my questioning I try to get down to the story. The way it works is I'll say, 'What's your greatest struggle right now?'
'Oh, I'm struggling to be more courageous.'
OK, that's a thought; that's something that a lot of people share. So what I'll do is I'll say, 'Well, tell me about a specific time you wished you'd been more courageous,'…then you're asking for a story! So it's always a process trying to get to a story.
(Left) Erbil, Iraq: “We just want to be together and not be afraid.” (Courtesy: Brandon Stanton) | (Right) New Delhi, India: “What’s your biggest dream for your child?” “We’ll let him dream for himself.” (Courtesy: Brandon Stanton)
But when people ask you personal questions are you open about it?
Oh, yeah. I've got to be, right? It's only fair.
So what do you think is the most important thing that's ever happened to you?
I tend to circle around the emotions because I feel so many of the stories in people's lives are coupled with a very strong emotion. The happiest moment in my life? That was easy: when I found out my book's the No 1 New York Times bestseller. Saddest moment of my life? When I was 19 and I flunked out of college and I was starting over, my grandparents let me live in their basement while I got a job and got back into college. I lived with my grandparents for two years so I got very close to them. My grandfather had really bad Alzheimer's and it was starting to progress very quickly and his personality was changing a lot but he was still kind of the same person. I was leaving for college for six months and I was pulling out of the driveway and waving bye to him knowing that when I saw him next he was going to be a completely different person. I'd say that was the saddest moment of my life.
What about your parents?
I'm sure it's all very exciting to them. When I first started they were, like, what are you doing? 
All the reports say you were a bonds trader.
Right and so I think they were more worried about me than anything. They just thought I avoiding getting a job, being reckless. I was doing it for a year full time without anyone paying attention. Here I am, stopping people on the streets taking pictures of them and I don't have anything to show for it. So, yeah, I don't think they were too proud of it at the time. Obviously now I'm sure they are quite tickled by it.
How many countries have you travelled through so far?
I went to Jerusalem -- Israel and Palestine -- but I haven't posted the pictures yet because that was a side trip outside of the UN trip. I've been to Iraq, Jordan, Israel, Congo, Uganda, Kenya, the Sudan, Ukraine and now, I'm in India. One of the beautiful things about this trip is that it's improvisational. I decided that I was going to Nepal a few days ago.
What do you do when you're not working… because this is work for you
I just hang out with my girlfriend and my dog Suzie. I don't like to go to cocktail parties or industry things. I talk to people all day long and when I'm outside of that sphere, I'm pretty introverted. I like to hang out with the same two or three friends that I've known since high school and my girlfriend and my dog.
How many people do you talk to in a day if you're out on the street?
Probably about 10 and I normally post about five photos a day. They are pretty deep conversations. The key is doing it every single day. Any given day, I'll only be out for two or three hours but I never take days off.

Congress leaders applaud PM Narendra Modi for...Congress leaders applaud PM Narendra Modi for...
Scotland independence: Poll shows 53 per cent Scottish support for staying in UKReferendum
(Yes supporters in Glasgow,…)
LONDON: Supporters of keeping Scotland in the United Kingdom have a six percentage point lead over secessionists, a survey carried out for the Observer newspaper showed on Saturday.
The Opinium pollster said the survey showed the unionists on 53 per cent and those wanting independence on 47 per cent. Scotland votes in a referendum on independence on Thursday.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Investors put Rs 1 lakh cr in mutual funds in AugustInvestors put Rs 1 lakh cr in mutual funds in August
Rupert Murdoch says Scotland is alive with debate ahead of independence voteRupert Murdoch says Scotland is alive with debate ahead of independence vote
Launchpad: Samsung Galaxy S5MiniExpress News Service | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:56 am
Rs: 26,499
Mini flagship
Samsung has launched the mini version of its flagship Galaxy S5 smartphone in India. The Galaxy S5 Mini is available for Rs 26,499 at Flipkart in four colours – charcoal Black, shimmery White, electric Blue and copper Gold. Galaxy S5 Mini comes with a 4.5-inch HD super AMOLED screen and is powered by a quad-core 1.4 GHz processor along with 1.5 GB RAM and 16 GB ROM which can be expanded up to 64GB. It also comes equipped with a 8MP rear-facing camera and a 2.1MP front camera. The smartphone runs on Android 4.4 Kit Kat OS and Samsung’s TouchWiz UX.
Nikon  D750
Rs: 1,34,450
Powerhouse
Nikon India has introduced a new digital SLR camera called D750. The D750 comes with built-in Wi-Fi and features a tilting monitor along with a 24.3 megapixels, 91K-pixel RGB sensor. The camera offers a continuous shooting rate of approximately 6.5 frames per second for both FX- and DX-format. The Nikon D750 body is priced at Rs 1,34,450. The D750 + AF-S NIKKOR 24-120MM F/4G ED VR lens will be available starting November. The D750 boasts a FX-format (full-frame) CMOS sensor along with EXPEED 4 image-processing engine. The 24.3 megapixel CMOS sensor combines with ISO sensitivities.
Micromax Canvas Nitro A310
Rs: 12,990
The Avenger
Micromax has launched its Canvas Nitro A310 in India. Priced at Rs 12,990, the company has tried to deliver a premium looking smartphone with a leather-like finish at the back. The Micromax Canvas Nitro A310 is exclusively available at Snapdeal only. The Canvas Nitro A310 competes directly with the newly launched Moto G (2nd Gen) and also with the Xiaomi Mi3 smartphone which has been discontinued for a while. Micromax Canvas Nitro A310 runs on a 1.7 GHz true octa-core Mediatek (MTK MT6592) processor along with Mali 450 GPU and 2 GB RAM.
Vu 4K UHD TVs
Rs: 89,900
Low-cost alternative
Vu Televisions has launched its 50-inch and 55-inch 4K Ultra HD TVs. The 50-inch TV costs Rs 89,900 while the 55-inch version is priced at Rs 1,19,000. “The new 50-inch and 55-inch 4K Ultra High Definition televisions from Vu are priced at half the cost of similar models from Sony and Samsung. The Samsung’s 48-inch 4K TV is priced at Rs 1,59,556 while the 55-inch Sony’s equivalent model costs Rs 2,18,000,” said Devita Saraf, CEO and Design Head, Vu Televisions. “The panels are made in Japan and Korea while the plastics are made in China,” added Saraf.

Medak by-poll sees 67 per cent voter turnoutUpdated: September 14, 2014 03:23 IST
Medak by-poll sees 67 per cent voter turnout
R. Avadhani
Tweet
Voters boycott polling in some places; Narsapur registers highest polling
Polling for the by-election to Medak Lok Sabha seat concluded peacefully on Saturday with some stray incidents of voters boycotting the polling protesting official apathy towards their villages and technical snags in electronic voting machines (EVMs) at some polling stations. About 67 per cent of voters exercised their franchise by 6 p.m.
However, the percentage is likely to go up further as the polling authorities allowed all voters present in the polling stations by 6 p.m. to cast their votes. The polling percentage in April this year was 77.35 when Telangana Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao contested the election.
The polling began on a slow note on Saturday as voters’ queues were not seen in most of the polling stations across the constituency. However, it picked up later in the day with 30 per cent voters exercising their franchise by 11 a.m. It inched to 49.12 per cent by 1 p.m. and to about 57 per cent by 3 p.m.
“Initially, we were worried over both low and slow polling as it was brisk and higher the last time. Most of the voters staying outside the constituency did not prefer to come for polling this time,” a TRS leader at Sangareddy said after voting.
Narsapur Assembly constituency registered the highest polling compared to other Assembly segments in the Parliamentary constituency. By 6 p.m., Narsapur recorded 77 per cent polling followed by Dubbak (68 p.c.), Gajwel (67), Siddipet (66), Sangareddy (64) and Patancheru (52). Meanwhile, voters boycotted polling at Gangapur in Mulugu mandal as the polling booth was not located in the village and villagers at Peddapur in Veldurthi mandal and Podchanpally in Toopran mandal boycotted the same protesting against the authorities for not resolving their problems. Supporters of the TRS and Congress had an altercation at Kothapet in Shivampet mandal, but the timely intervention of the police prevented the situation from going out of control. The police dispersed the clashing groups.
Despite claims by the administration, voter slips with photo identity were not distributed properly to people at several places, Congress candidate Sunitha Laxma Reddy alleged.
District Collector Rahul Bojja said counting of votes would be taken up at GITAM University on Tuesday.

India seeks cooperation from US and Australia for youth skills programmeYou are here: Home > Collections > Mou
India seeks cooperation from US, South Korea and Australia for youth skills programme
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 12.16AM IST
Tags:
Australia
(As part of Modi's 'Skill…)
MELBOURNE: As part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's 'Skill India' programme, India has reached out to the US, South Korea and Australia for securing their cooperation in skilling the youth for enhancing employment opportunities.
Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar met his counterparts of the three nations on the sidelines of the Labour and Employment Ministerial Conference of G20 nations here and deliberated various issues of mutual interest pertaining to labour and employment scenario.
Appraising US Secretary of Labour Thomas Perez during his meeting about the 'Skill India' programme initiated by Prime Minister Modi, Tomar said that new ITIs are being opened up in unserved areas under Public-Private-Partnership (PPP) mode.
He said that to create skills matching the needs of the industry, the ministry is entering into flexi-MoUs with industry and designing customised training courses and added that under the new government, a new Skill Ministry has been created to focus on the task of skill development.
Observing that MoU between the two countries signed three years back has been particularly successful in ensuring cooperation in the area of occupational safety, Perez said the two countries can widen the scope of cooperation and work together in the field of skill development under the MoU.
"Both sides agreed to take the MoU forward and scale up their level of cooperation in the field of labour in the coming days," a ministry press statement said.
Perez also expressed his desire to learn from India's experience on meeting the challenge of job creation and increasing labour force participation rate on such a large scale. He offered full cooperation to India in its skill development efforts, the statement said.
Perez said that that the two largest and oldest democracies of the world have a number of things in common.
Tomar also met Minister of Employment and Labour of South Korea Lee Ki-kweon who proposed to have an MoU with India in distance learning programme and showed interest in need-based training initiated by India under flexi-MoU.
"Minister of Labour, Korea proposed that Hyundai can train youth who live or work around industrial locations of Hyundai in India, for enhancing their employability. Both ministers agreed for enhanced and sustained engagement at bilateral level," the statement said.
Tomar also met Australian Minister of Employment Eric Abetz who proposed signing of MoU between the two countries for taking forward the cooperation on labour issues especially to match the skill requirements of Australian industry.
"If a planned programme can be conceptualised to synchronise the skill requirements of Australian industry and the skill training in India, more Indians can come to Australia for work and it will be a win-win situation," he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan crisis: Protestors suspend talks wi...Imran Khan
(The fiery Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf…)
ISLAMABAD: Signs of a possible solution to end the political crisis engulfing Pakistan looked bleak today as anti-government protest leaders suspended talks with the Nawaz Sharif government following a crackdown on demonstrators with opposition leader Imran Khan asserting that there was no room for negotiations any more.
Pakistani police arrested several dozens of anti-government protestors and a court ordered that 100 opposition activists be sent to jail for holding illegal protests and other violations, triggering tense confrontation between demonstrators and police in the centre of the capital.
Addressing his supporters tonight on the completion of one month of protest, the fiery Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf chief announced to continue protests in front of Parliament till Sharif stepped down.
"There is no room for negotiations any more...We will not leave till the premier resigns," Khan said.
He questioned Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif if it is democratic to arrest young workers. "Officials putting young people behind bars should be ashamed of themselves...It is our democratic right to protest peacefully," he said.
"Sharif's real face has been unveiled, he is a dictator and his rule is worse than General Pervez Musharraf's rule," Khan said.
"We cannot rely on the police or judiciary anymore," the PTI chief said as police yesterday arrested several dozens of protestors from the capital accusing them for violating section 144 which prohibit a gathering of five or more people in Islamabad.
He said that his dream of "Naya Pakistan" would soon come true and promised to introduce transparent government system in the country after ousting the present government.
Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) chief and populist cleric Tahir-ul Qadri, who has been leading parallel demonstrations, also said that he has suspended talks with the PML-N government following a crackdown here on demonstrators demanding ouster of Sharif.
"We have suspended the talks as the government has begun arresting my workers in Islamabad and around the country," Qadri said, deepening the month-long political impasse in the country.
"The government was unwilling to hear out the legitimate grievances of people who had been camped outside the halls of power for a month now," Qadri was quoted as saying by Dawn.
Khan also dismissed the impression that he was supported by the military, saying "I don't need the Pakistan Army, as I already have an army of the people of Pakistan".
Khan's PTI wants Sharif's ouster over alleged rigging in last year's poll which his party lost, while Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country.
Both leaders have been agitating since mid-August 14. At least three people have been killed and over 550 injured in violence during the protests.
The government earlier this week had said it had reached an agreement with Khan's party on most of their demands, except that of Sharif's ouster which it said is non-negotiable.
The protests have raised concern about stability in the country of 180 million people, at a time when the government is battling a Taliban insurgency.
  Meanwhile, hundreds of supporters of Khan and Qadri today stopped several prison vehicles carrying their arrested workers to jail after a hearing in an Islamabad court.
Police had yesterday arrested several dozens of their supporters from the capital accusing them for violating section 144 which prohibits a gathering of five or more people in Islamabad.
About 100 of them were brought to a court in the capital and the judge sent all of them on 14-day judicial remand to Adiala Jail in neighbouring Rawalpindi.
But activists of Khan and Qadri already present in the court stopped the police vehicles carrying the prisoners.
The protesters deflated tyres of one van carrying more than 20 prisoners while several other vans steered out of the mob as police pushed them away to make way for the vehicles.
Islamabad police chief Tahir Alam rushed to the districts courts after the standoff and urged protesters to disperse.
But the mob refused to move away from the stranded vehicles which was surrounded by police. It is feared that the standoff may erupt into violence by angry protesters.
More than 14 rounds of talks have been held between the protesters and the government to find a way to break the political deadlock.
Both Khan and Qadri have been camping side by side in front of parliament to force Premier Sharif to resign, but he has firmly refused to step down.
FEATURED ARTICLES

WHO Won t Move Ebola-Sickened Doctor From Sierra Leonewho won t move ebola-sickened doctor from sierra leone
CIL renews MCL power planCIL renews MCL power plan
Knives are out for Sheila DikshitKnives are out for Sheila Dikshit
Spectrum sharing norms by year-endSpectrum sharing norms by year-end
Discovery after blast: SIMI fugitives from MP lived in BijnorPrint
Express News Service | Lucknow | Posted: September 14, 2014 3:36 am
Five alleged SIMI operatives who escaped from Khandwa jail in Madhya Pradesh last year were staying in two separate rented houses, about 500 metres from a police outpost, in Bijnor for the past two months, according to sources in the Uttar Pradesh ATS.
The confirmation, the sources said, came during investigations into a blast at one of the houses on Friday. After the blast, the occupants of both the houses had fled from the locality.
When ATS investigators showed photographs of the five fugitives to neighbours, they confirmed they were the same people who occupied the two houses, the sources said.
ATS sources said four of them were staying in the house where the blast took place while another along with an unidentified associate stayed in a nearby house. CCTV cameras installed at a crossing near the locality also captured footage of the alleged SIMI men and their associate running from the place.
According to the ATS, the five fugitives were Aizazuddin alias Aizaz Mohammed Azizuddin (Narsinghpur, Mumbai), Zakir Hussain alias Sadiq Badrul Hussain, Mehboob alias Guddu Ismail Khan, Aslam Ayub Khan  and Amzad Ramzan Khan (all from Khandwa).
The five along with Abu Faizal alias Doctor, who is accused in several terror cases, had escaped from Khandwa jail on October 1 last year after breaking the ventilation of a bathroom and scaling a 14-foot high wall. Faizal was arrested two months later.
The ATS is coordinating with their Madhya Pradesh counterparts to identify the sixth suspect and also to trace them. Separate ATS teams are engaged in tracing their location with the help of the call details of the phone numbers used by them and also on the basis of emails and chatting on social network sites collected from the laptop recovered from their room, the sources added.
An official said they are yet to come across any clue suggesting that the alleged SIMI operatives were in touch with any link in Bijnore or nearby districts in western UP, but they are investigating all the possibilities.
The blast took place in the rented one-room house owned by one Leelo Devi in Jatan locality of Bijnor on Friday morning. Nearly seven kg matchsticks kept in cartons, low-intensity explosives and a half-assembled bomb were recovered from the room. A .32 bore pistol, a laptop and two books in Urdu were also found.
Zaki Ahmed, IG, Bareilly Zone, said all leads were under investigation. “The exact identity of these persons will be established once we arrest the person who is injured. We are trying to nab him,” he told The Sunday Express over phone.
The house owner told police that four of them to whom she had given the room on rent had identified themselves as Hindus.

Flood victims eligible for loans  easier interest rates  says RBIKashmiri flood victims are ferried in an Indian army rescue boat in Srinagar, India, Saturday, Sept. 13, 2014. (Source: AP photo)
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 14, 2014 3:31 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 10:52 am
People affected by the floods in Jammu & Kashmir would be eligible for relief, including fresh loans, restructuring of existing loans, and
concessional interest rates from banks.
To facilitate coordination and expeditious action by the banks, the convener of the State Level Bankers’ Committee should convene a meeting immediately to evolve a coordinated action plan for implementation of the relief programme in collaboration with the State/district authorities, ‘Guidelines for relief measures by banks in areas affected by natural calamities’ issued by the Reserve Bank of India said.
“J&K is now an ideal case for sops under the RBI guidelines,” said a Bank official.
Jammu & Kashmir Bank with around 650 branches in the state is the lead bank for J&K. However, a bank spokesperson said it is yet to start co-ordinated action as telecom, road and Internet facilities are yet to be restored.
“Out of J&K Bank’s 200-plus affected branches, nearly 115 have restarted operations,” the official said.
According to the RBI, loans to existing borrowers for general consumption purposes may be sanctioned up to Rs 10,000 without any collateral. The limit may, however, be enhanced beyond Rs 10,000 at the discretion of the bank.
Further, timely fresh financial assistance to resume productive activities may be provided not only to the existing borrowers, but also to other eligible borrowers.
Notwithstanding the status of the existing account, fresh loans granted to the borrowers will be treated as current dues, the RBI says.
As the repaying capacity of the people affected by natural calamities gets severely impaired due to the damage to the economic pursuits and loss of economic assets, relief in repayment of loans becomes necessary in areas affected by natural calamity and hence, restructuring of the existing loans will be required.
“The principal amount of the short-term loan as well as interest due for repayment in the year of occurrance of natural calamity may be converted into term loan. In case of term loans, the instalment of principal and interest due in the year of occurrence of natural calamity may also be converted into term loan,” it said.
The repayment period of restructured term loan may vary depending on the severity of calamity and its recurrence, the extent of loss of economic assets and distress caused. Generally, the restructured period for repayment may be 3 to 5 years. However, where the damage arising out of the calamity is very severe, banks may, at their discretion, extend the period of repayment ranging up to 7 years and in extreme cases of hardship, the repayment period may be prolonged up to a maximum period of 10 years in consultation with the task force/SLBC, it says.
In all cases of restructuring, moratorium period of at least one year should be considered. continued…

NATO expansion to Russian borders unacceptable: LavrovNATO expansion to Russian borders unacceptable: Lavrov
Rising water levels matter of concern  says OmarRising water levels matter of concern  says Omar
Olive Garden s problem Cold breadsticksOlive Garden's big problem? Cold breadsticks
By Paul R. La Monica  @lamonicabuzz September 12, 2014: 11:47 AM ET
 
Mangia? Olive Garden investor wants better food
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Olive Garden is trying to attract more customers with a bold publicity stunt: a limited time only Never Ending Pasta pass that quickly sold out and started showing up for sale on eBay .
That's because the company that owns Olive Garden, Darden Restaurants ( DRI ), has some never ending problems with sluggish sales and earnings. One prominent Darden investor is so fed up it's demanding changes to make the Italian-themed food better.
Starboard Value Partners, a firm that owns an 8.8% stake in Darden, released a 294-panel slide show late Thursday on its Shareholders for Darden web site with numerous suggestions for improvement at Olive Garden.
Many of the demands were your usual garden variety tough talk from activists: fire the CEO, bring in a new board, sell non-core assets. But Starboard also had some culinary advice. It made you wonder if Mario Batali or Giada De Laurentiis helped write the report.
Starboard pointed out that it thinks too much food is being wasted. The firm noted that too many breadsticks are delivered to diners at once and they quickly get cold and stale.
The investment firm also said that "the pasta is overcooked with sauce simply ladled on top." (I agree. Any good cook knows that you make the pasta al dente and finish it in the sauce!)
Finally, Starboard complained about how Olive Garden was starting to put too many things on its menu that are "astonishingly far from authentic Italian culture" such as burgers and tapas.
The firm said that Darden would be better off following the strategy of competitor Brinker International ( EAT ), which has found success over the past few years by focusing all its efforts on improving its two core brands: Chili's and Olive Garden competitor Maggiano's.
Darden claims it is in the midst of a "brand renaissance," but its latest results aren't helping that case. Darden said Friday that Olive Garden's same-store sales, a key measure of financial health for restaurants, fell in its most recent quarter, and they aren't expecting much improvement this quarter.
Related: New Red Lobster owner bets on more upscale food
What does Darden think of this? President and COO Gene Lee said in a statement Friday that the company will "remain open minded toward all ideas that support long-term value creation for our shareholders and improve the dining experience for our guests." Lee added that it "will carefully review" the Starboard plan but also said the company was already implementing some of the strategies Starboard proposed.
Lee added that the company is testing the use of tablets in some of its restaurants to improve efficiency. It's a move that other casual dining chains, most notably Buffalo Wild Wings ( BWLD ), is experimenting with as well.
Darden did try and please investors by saying that it would use some of the proceeds from its sale of the Red Lobster chain earlier this year to buy back more stock in fiscal 2015. Darden has already paid down some debt.
 
$2.1B for coconut shrimp? Red Lobster sold
Still, investors were not bowled (sorry) over by Darden's latest results. Shares were slightly lower Friday after the company, which also owns LongHorn Steakhouse and Bahama Breeze, reported profits that topped forecasts and issued earnings guidance that was better than expected as well. And the stock is down 12% this year.
Starboard clearly isn't the only investor that thinks that quality would be better than quantity at Olive Garden.
First Published: September 12, 2014: 11:47 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Soon  50-fold hike in fines  7 years in jail for traffic violationsComments
Soon, motorists caught speeding, driving drunk or jumping red lights may not get away with a light fine and a few stern words from the traffic cop.
The punishment would get harsher as the gravity of the offence increases — a Rs. 3-lakh fine and not less than seven years in jail for causing the death of a child; Rs. 5 lakh in penalty and three months in jail for a manufacturing fault in a vehicle; a Rs. 1-lakh fine for driving an unregistered vehicle.
All these and more are part of the new draft Road Transport and Safety Bill, 2014 unveiled by the road transport ministry on Saturday. The ministry has proposed hiking penalties three-to-50-fold  and other stringent action that includes suspension or cancellation of driving licence.
In the draft bill, speeding invites a fine of Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 12,500 — up from the existing Rs. 400-1,000 — and suspension of licence for up to eight weeks depending on how much you have exceeded the speed limit. For instance, the steepest fine is for going 40kmph over the speed limit.
Driving under the influence comes with a fine of Rs. 15,000 (currently Rs. 3,000) and a jail term of up to a year. But a second offence will lead to permanent loss of licence and up to two years in jail. The penalty is especially harsh for school bus drivers — Rs. 50,000 in fine and a three-year jail sentence.
Along with the fines and jail terms, drivers below 25 years stand to lose their licence for three months.
The punishment for jumping a red light is Rs. 5,000-15,000 in fine and one-month licence suspension. Similarly, you pay Rs. 5,000 for not wearing a seat belt.
India has one of the highest road fatalities in the world with 137,576 deaths reported last year. In the same period, Delhi recorded 7,566 accidents that killed 1,820 people. The bill aims to bring down such fatalities by 200,000 in the first five years and increase GDP by 4%.
Apart from the fines and imprisonment, motorists will be awarded penalty points for every traffic violation. Collecting 12 penalty points means losing your driving licence for a year.
The draft includes several new features in keeping with the times — fines for manufacturing faults, for instance, come in the wake of incidents of cars catching fire and vehicle recalls by auto firms.
“The bill, after it is cleared by cabinet, will be tabled in Parliament during the winter session. The proposed changes were long due as the last time the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 was amended was in 2001, and since then many provisions related to offences and penalty have ceased to have any punitive effect,” said a ministry official.
Our new act gives emphasis on E-governance to bring in transparency in the transport sector
— Nitin Gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) September 13, 2014
A Highway Traffic Regulation and Protection Force has been proposed while a motor accident fund would be set up to provide compulsory insurance to all road users. A pan-India road accident emergency access telephone number to alert and access emergency services is also in the works.

Ukraine Government Repels Rebel Attack on Airportukraine government repels rebel attack on airport
Karnataka takes a leaf out of NDAs book  police probeNGOsPrint
Written by Jay Mazoomdaar | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:09 am
Karnataka’s Congress government has asked all NGOs in the state to provide details of the source and utilisation of funds received from abroad, and of the NGOs’ “involvement in agitations during the last five years”.
A detailed 33-point checklist prepared by the Internal Security Department (ISD) of the state police also seeks information on the NGOs’ “role in development”, and on their involvement in issues concerning forests, wildlife, tribal communities, and e-waste in Bangalore.
On July 10, Congress MLA and former Speaker K R Ramesh Kumar claimed in the Karnataka assembly that since 2006, NGOs in the state had received Rs 1,069 crore from abroad, and that many were using the money to stall or disrupt developmental activities such as nuclear, hydroelectricity and irrigation projects.
A month before Kumar’s intervention in the assembly, The Indian Express had first reported on a dossier that the Intelligence Bureau had submitted to the PMO on June 3, in which it had claimed that disruptions caused by NGOs was impacting GDP growth to the tune of “2-3 per cent per annum”.
Kumar, who cited intelligence sources for his information, also alleged that conservationist Dr Ullas Karanth had become a “tiger expert” after “having killed 13 tigers” in the Nagarhole tiger reserve.
Kumar was strongly backed by K G Bopaiah of the BJP, also a former Speaker of the assembly, who alleged that several NGOs in his home district of Coorg were “making money” in the name of tribal welfare. Congress MLA from Tarikere (Chikmagalur), G H Srinivasa, too alleged “malpractices” by NGOs in his constituency.
In response, Home Minister K J George announced that the state police ISD would investigate the funding of all NGOs for possible violations of the Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act. He promised to table the ISD’s report in the next session of the assembly.
The police, however, seem to have gone further in their scrutiny of the NGOs. Besides the routine questions on foreign funding, expenditure and audits, the ISD has sought detailed information on:
# Participation by NGOs in agitations over the last five years
# Role of NGOs in development
# Activities of NGOs in Coorg and Chikmagalur
# Role of tiger expert Ullas Karanth
# NGOs involved with issues of women’s protection, the forest department, wildlife board, evacuation/rehabilitation of tribals, devdasi children and Bangalore-based IT companies generating e-waste
# Investigation/inquiry by the CBI on NGOs’ activities
An official in the ISD claimed the form had gone out to the NGOs by mistake. “It was meant for the ISD’s internal use, and listed the areas we would focus our probe on. Only financial details were to be sought but, somehow, the entire list was sent out to some NGOs,” the official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said.
ISD head Amar K Pandey, ADGP, Karnataka Police, however, confirmed that the scope of the probe extended beyond the NGOs’ financial dealings. “Our mandate comes from the legislature, and we have sought information (from the NGOs) on the issues raised in the assembly debate. It is up to the NGOs how much they will disclose, continued…

ISIS releases video purportedly showing beheading of British hostage David Hainesisis releases video purportedly showing beheading of british hostage david haines
IPCL plans to procure more renewable powerIPCL plans to procure more renewable power
British Bank Tries To Rein In Its Horrible Jerk Bankers A Bitreddit
Barclays may start cutting pay to punish senior bankers who bully their underlings.
The British bank already made new rules earlier this year to help overworked junior bankers. Young bankers in the company can now work no more than 12 consecutive workdays, and have a mandatory 12 days off each fiscal quarter. But next month, Barclays will anonymously survey junior bankers to identify how senior workers treat those in the lower ranks, according to a report in the Wall Street Journal .
Well-rated senior bankers will be rewarded. Widely disliked upper-rung employees can expect “repercussions” as their rating is “taken into account when making decisions around pay,” the WSJ’s Matt Turner and Nick Kostov wrote .
Barclays did not respond to requests from The Huffington Post for comment on Wednesday.
The move to empower junior employees is among the most radical in the financial industry. Wall Street has been rapidly losing its young recruits to technology startups , where ties are often optional and cushy perks abound. At the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, 25 percent of the undergraduate class of 2013 entered jobs in investment banking, according to The New York Times . That’s down from 48 percent in 2007.
Earlier this month, investment bank Jefferies shamed managers in a company-wide letter for not respecting their employees’ need to balance work with home life.
“Waiting until the last minute to hand out work, creating unnecessary projects or deadlines, or just being insensitive makes you a jerk,” CEO Richard Handler and Chairman Brian Friedman wrote in the letter, copies of which were obtained by Dealbreaker and the Times . “We do not have or want jerks at Jefferies.”
The banking industry has been soul-searching over its treatment of underlings since a 21-year-old intern died last year of an epileptic seizure. The coroner in that case said it may have been brought on by fatigue.
Last October, Goldman Sachs started pushing junior bankers to take weekends off. Three months later, Credit Suisse sent out a memo insisting junior bankers stay home on Saturdays unless they’re working on a deal. Perhaps taking a note from Barclays, Citigroup is also planning to survey its junior workforce, thought WSJ reported that results won’t affect managers’ pay. And in August, junior bankers at most of Wall Street’s biggest firms got raises .
More:

Bikram Yoga Studio s 9/11 Sale Goes About As Badly As You d ExpectBikram Yoga Studio's 9/11 'Patriot' Sale Goes About As Badly As You'd Expect
Posted:
ARLINGTON, Va. (AP) — Less than five miles from the Pentagon, the owners of the Bikram Arlington yoga studio thought they had come up with a clever way to run a promotion in conjunction with the Sept. 11 attacks.
It backfired. Badly.
The owners faced a wave of criticism for insensitivity after using Twitter to promote a sale, writing "9 + 11 = 20% OFF! PATRIOT DAY SALE."
Frank Machnick, the co-owner who wrote the tweet, pulled it down later in the day and apologized. Ultimately, he blamed "yoga brain."
In an interview, Machnick acknowledged the tweet was a mistake, but said he does not see it as substantially different from various sales that companies, including his, run during Memorial Day or other holidays.
His wife and co-owner, Zahra Vaezi, agreed.
"We do Valentine's Day promotions. And Valentine's Day, if you think about it, is connected to a massacre," Vaezi, said, referring to the 1929 gangland shooting in Chicago that left eight mobsters dead.
Asked if perhaps the wording of his tweet contributed to the angry response by playing on the numbers to calculate a 20 percent sale, Machnick acknowledged that might be the case. "People don't like numerology," he said.
Before removing the post, Machnick initially defended it on Twitter, in part by making an oblique reference to a Sept. 11 conspiracy theory.
Asked about his views on Sept. 11 in the interview, Machnick said, "Does anybody really know the whole story? No."
Machnick also wrote a tweet saying he suffered from "yoga brain" when sent the original tweet. In the interview, Machnick described yoga brain as a phenomenon when "someone just had a yoga class and isn't thinking too clearly," especially after a hot yoga session where the temperature may exceed 100 degrees.
Vaezi said people were being "ridiculously mean" in their online responses to the couple, wishing them to go out of business or worse.
They both acknowledged that they didn't really consider the fact their proximity to the Pentagon might have contributed to people's reaction to the tweet.
"Whenever I think of Sept. 11, I think of New York," Machnick said.
The studio sits just a few miles from the Pentagon, where 184 people were killed in the Sept. 11 attacks.
Ultimately, the two said they are resigned to the fact that they will continue to face online vitriol until the story subsides.
"Sorry you guys didn't like our sale. Don't buy," Machnick said. "But don't flame us. Geez."
More:

Degradation and denialBarring a section of the Left, most political parties are indifferent, and Parliament has turned its face away.
Written by B G Verghese | Posted: September 13, 2014 1:37 am
I have always abhorred untouchability and the manual scavenging twinned with it. But I have seldom felt so shamed and angered as I did on reading Bhasha Singh’s deeply moving and well-researched book, Unseen: The Truth About India’s Manual Scavengers. Untouchability and all its attendant manifestations stand abolished under the Constitution. Yet the scourge, officially ended by turning a Nelson’s eye to its stark existence, remains widespread, though possibly diminished, only to be routinely “abolished” every few years.
The charade is played out at every level — social, political, administrative — and across the board through clever definitions, devious legal exceptions, obtuse administrative procedures and rank dishonesty in pretending that that which is, is not. Manual scavengers are left to clean the stinking mess and wait for deliverance. For how long?
The prime minister prioritised toilets, especially for schools and the girl child, in his Independence Day address and set out a timetable. But manual scavenging goes beyond building or converting dry latrines, and must embrace an integrated system of sanitation and water supply, treatment and disposal that must cover septic tanks and the Indian Railways, which scatter waste nationwide. The essential problem is not money, technology or even management. It is the failure to prioritise, the absence of social will and the hidebound remnants of caste among those yet to emerge into the modern age.
According to Singh, even with the passage of the Manual Scavengers and Construction of Dry Latrines (Prohibition) Act in 1993, there were 2.6 million insanitary latrines in India (2011 Census) and 7,94,390 manual scavengers. In her investigations, spread over nine states, Singh found that it is mostly women who engage in this loathsome task as they can more easily access the dry latrines at the back of houses, through the zenana quarters. The number of houses they service is, in some areas, collectively known as a jagirdari. The larger the jagirdari, the more these wretched people can afford to eat. But many keep off yellow dal as it reminds them of the excrement they clean.
Much as I admire him, Gandhi justified, even extolled, manual scavenging by equating cleanliness with godliness. He did immense harm to Hindu society and social reform by propagating strange theories that tended to perpetuate caste. Such antiquarian notions persist. In his book, Karmayog, published in 2007, Narendra Modi, then chief minister of Gujarat, likened “valmikis (manual scavengers)” to temple priests in the service of god through society. A Times of India reproduction of this text was translated and published in Tamil, causing a huge uproar among Tamil Dalits, who resented scavenging being called a “spiritual experience”. Five thousand copies of the book were withdrawn but the underlying idea was not rejected. More recently, a Gujarat state-sponsored report, continued…

Where monetary policy is irrelevantRBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has a CPI inflation target for end-December 2014 at 8 per cent and end-December 2015 at 6 per cent.
Written by Surjit S Bhalla | Posted: September 13, 2014 1:10 am
The CPI data has just been released, and contrary to expectations, the annual rate of change (year-on-year) in the index was a very respectable 7.8 per cent. This is the fourth lowest monthly CPI number since February 2008, when a weighted average of rural and urban inflation rates registered 6 per cent. The lowest CPI inflation since then was in June of this year — 7.2 per cent. That is 78 months of data since February 2008, and two of the four lowest inflation months have occurred in the last three months.
The RBI has been fighting the good fight against inflation and many would be tempted to conclude that monetary policy is working towards reducing inflation and inflationary expectations. There have been three clear policy initiatives outlined by the RBI — the need to “anchor” inflationary expectations, the need to keep policy rates “high” and the need to implement “inflation targeting”. Perhaps all three measures have worked to reduce inflation — or, perhaps as documented here, none of these three “initiatives” has had any role in lowering inflation.
Tight monetary policy has as much to do with Indian inflation as it has to do with India’s magnificent loss to England in the recently concluded Test series. In a series of articles (academic and journalistic) written over the last decade, I have attempted to document that the traditional measures of monetary and fiscal policy — some version of money supply or credit growth or fiscal deficits — do not explain, at all, the path of inflation in India. Econometric models based on these variables, no matter how manipulated, explain zilch about Indian inflation.
Two variables are key to explaining Indian inflation. First, and obviously, international inflation plays an important role. However, the model that Indian inflation is some function of international inflation has broken down over the last decade. So what does explain Indian inflation, not only for the last 10 years but for the last 40? The policy of minimum support prices (MSP) for food determined by politicians at the Centre. MSP inflation explains a large fraction of the variance in CPI inflation around a 5 per cent mean.
The Indian inflation model is a one-variable, one-trick pony — CPI inflation is explained by MSP inflation of the previous year. The model simply says that the predicted inflation in any year is 5.1 per cent plus a third of the lagged MSP inflation. That is it. No repo rates, no real interest rates, no money supply growth, no fiscal deficits, nothing else. The model is estimated from 1978 (the policy of MSP came into being in 1975) continued…

Its not just about 100 daysIt is impossible to tell how close India is to the ‘tipping point’, but it would seem the Modi government has adopted a callous approach in hurriedly undoing the green checks imposed after prolonged consideration and debate.
Posted: September 13, 2014 1:30 am
By: Ajaz Ashraf
Our past experience in policy implementation underscores the problems inherent in assessing governments on the utilitarian principle, which is precisely what most observers have invoked to judge the performance of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in his first 100 days in power. As has been the case in the past, they have tried to estimate the number of people to whom benefits could accrue from the initiatives of the Modi government or, alternatively, predict their influence on economic growth.
Since the efficacy of any policy depends immensely on its execution and the socio-cultural context in which it operates, what appears imperative in theory can often turn disastrous in reality. Despite the pretensions of those who believe the effects of socio-economic programmes can be predicted with the precision of science, their impact, salutary or not, unfolds only in the future, thus unknowable in the present.
This suggests it might be advisable to substitute the utilitarian principle with an arguably more ethical one to judge governments. What could that ethical principle be? Modern politics revolves around the idea of enhancing the quality of life or ensuring it doesn’t deteriorate. Therefore, it won’t be wrong to assert that governance leading to death and devastation is not only ethically wrong but should also be outside the pale of politics.
Yet, the inscrutability of the future implies we cannot know which of the policies, conceived with the utmost noble intentions today, might wreak havoc tomorrow, demanding corrective measures or even reversal. Indeed, our inability to foresee the future with any precision yields the ethical principle for judging governments, namely, they should not commit to policies whose consequences are irreversible. This is because, should it be realised that the consequences of any policy are inimical to society, their very irreversibility renders the damage permanent.
It is against this benchmark of irreversibility that the Modi government, as also its predecessors, must be judged in the absence of accurate foreknowledge. Undeniably, the verdict is emphatically in favour of the Modi government on issues such as its insistence on bureaucrats attending office punctually, phasing out archaic laws, focus on sanitation, and the Jan Dhan Yojana facilitating financial inclusion. Regardless of their execution, these will not engender irreversible consequences.
By contrast, the government is guilty of triggering irreversible consequences through its environment policies and silence over its party cadres intent on tearing apart the country’s social fabric. Is this assertion justified, given the opaqueness of the future? Yes, just as medical science tells us that a Stage III cancer patient continued…

Going back to RawalpindiWhy has the army found it convenient to use Khan and Qadri against Sharif?
Written by Christophe Jaffrelot | Posted: September 13, 2014 1:35 am
The Pakistan army finally decided to step into the country’s ongoing crisis last week, after a fortnight of agitation and seven rounds of fruitless negotiation between Nawaz Sharif and the Imran Khan-Tahirul Qadri combine, which wanted nothing short of the prime minister’s resignation. On August 31, the chief of army staff, Raheel Sharif, chaired a corps commanders’ conference, which concluded with a short but revealing communique: “While reaffirming support to democracy, the conference reviewed with serious concern the existing political crisis and the violent turn it has taken, resulting in large-scale injuries and loss of lives. Further use of force will only aggravate the problem. Army remains committed to playing its part in ensuring security of the state and will never fall short of meeting national aspirations.”
The army seemed to be projecting itself as referee and the only institution that cared about the national interest, rising above the disputes between power-hungry politicians. The irony is that the crisis had been made possible, if not provoked, by the army itself.
First, according to Federal Information Minister Pervaiz Rashid, Imran Khan was being advised by the influential former chief of the ISI, Ahmed Shuja Pasha. Second, in an August 20 meeting at Rawalpindi, the Pakistan Ex-Servicemen Association, headed by Vice Admiral (retd) Ahmed Tasnim, called for the dissolution of assemblies and fresh elections. Third, it would seem that the supporters of Imran Khan and Qadri were able to reach the heart of Islamabad, and even break into the high-security Red Zone, because the army let them. The army appeared to remain a passive observer, in spite of the government having asked it to guarantee the security of Islamabad. Five companies had been deployed to secure the main offices of the judiciary, the Parliament House, the Presidency, the Prime Minister’s House, as well as the foreign missions and offices. Yet protesters laid siege to the PM’s House and stormed the headquarters of PTV. The next day, they broke through the gates of the Secretariat, the head office of the administration. The police alone reacted, which resulted in three deaths.
Finally, Imran Khan and Qadri were in communication with the army. On August 29, both met the COAS, and Imran Khan announced that Raheel Sharif had been appointed mediator by the PM. On September 1, PTI president Javed Hashmi revealed that Imran Khan had told the party’s core committee that the movement “can’t move forward without the army”. Of course, Imran Khan asked the disgruntled Hashmi to leave the PTI.
Why has the army found it convenient to use Khan and Qadri against Sharif? Because the prime minister resisted its “tutelary beliefs” — to use a phrase from Aqil Shah’s remarkable book, The Army and Democracy: Military Politics in Pakistan — even as it grew more assertive. After Nawaz continued…

7 ways to solve Delhi s air pollution13 Sep, 2014 ,  10.37AM IST
7 ways to solve Delhi's air pollution
FacebookTweeterGoogle Pluspinterest Comment
In an effort to reduce rising air pollution levels in the capital, Lieutenant governor Najeeb Jung's high-powered committee on air pollution has drafted an action plan. Here are the seven ways to combat the air pollution:
1.
Re 1 cess on purchase of every pack of cigarettes and each bottle of liquor to create urban transport fund
2.
Traffic police to make display of pollution-under-control (PUC) sticker mandatory for all vehicles
3.
Option of making PUC certificates mandatory for buying petrol/diesel being examined
4.
Entry of non-destined vehicles in Delhi to be regulated
5.
New parking policy on the anvil-concept of 'premium parking' for very congested areas
6.
Battery-operated vehicles for last-mile connectivity
7.
DMRC to introduce 8 coaches in 129 Metro trains by 2017
User Comments
Post another comment
Share your views - post your comment below
We encourage you to log in and comment. Non-logged-in comments will go through a verification process for security reasons.
Log in to post this comment
Your comment
Characters Remaining: 3000
Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil.
pOST cOMMENT
Post your comment
We encourage you to register/login and proceed.
However, if you choose to remain                                                                                   non-loggedin, you are required to fill up the form below and verify                                                                                   your email address before we can publish your comment.
That way, we                                                                                   can verify that the email address doesn't belong to someone else.
Register/Login

Pilot Accidentally Uncovers Secret  Star Wars  Filming Locationreddit
A pilot who was taking photos for his flight school stumbled upon what's either a top secret rebel base or the set of " Star Wars: Episode VII ."
Matthew Myatt, a simulations engineer with the Airbourne Aviation flying club, captured this image of a partially-built Millennium Falcon and an X-Wing Fighter while flying over Greenham Common, a former RAF airbase that is apparently now being used as a location for the upcoming movie.
Last tweet for the night. I spotted this at the weekend whilst #flying over Greenham Common. #StarWarsEpisodeVII pic.twitter.com/ypCNrZVDxl
— FlyMAC (@FlyMAC_Popham) September 9, 2014
No Bothans died to bring us this image.
"I didn't know it was there, and we flew down and did some orbits. It was based around the old cruise missile silo," Myatt told the BBC. " It wasn't until I got back last night and started going through the images that it just jumped out at me ."
Myatt said he had to grab his son to confirm that it was indeed Han Solo's spacecraft that he had accidentally caught on camera.
"We were dancing around, 'Wow, we've got a picture of the Millennium Falcon,'" Myatt told the BBC.
Myatt's pic isn't the only image of the set. A drone video , above, shows a wider view, with the Millennium Falcon on the right covered by a blue tarp.
Justin Reeves wrote on Twitter that the video was filmed over the weekend:
#StarWarsEpisodeVII Filming at RAF Greenham Common on Saturday pic.twitter.com/d6lw6TS2aX
— Justin Reeves (@1JUS) September 10, 2014
The Star Wars Episode VII News website speculates that the former base, now a park, may stand in for Dantooine , a planet once home to a rebel base. Dantooine is also the planet Princess Leia named in "Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope" while being held captive on the Death Star.
"Star Wars: Episode VII" is scheduled for release on Dec. 18, 2015.
Related on HuffPost:
Photos From The Star Wars Set
of

New Motor Bill: Penalties  7-yr jail for chi...Licences
( Seeking to come down heavily…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to come down heavily on traffic offenders, government today proposed steep penalties of up to Rs 3 lakh along with a minimum 7-year imprisonment for death of a child in certain circumstances, besides huge fines for driving violations.
The new Road Safety and Transport Bill 2014 also proposes a fine of Rs 5 lakh per vehicle as well as imprisonment for faulty manufacturing design, besides cancellation of licences for rash and negligent driving.
The Bill, unveiled today by Road Transport and Highways Ministry for seeking suggestion from stakeholders, proposes penalty of up to Rs 1 lakh or imprisonment for six months which may extend to one year or both in case of using vehicle in unsafe conditions.
First offence for drunk driving will attract "Rs 25,000 fine, or imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 months, or with both, and a six-month license suspension. Second offence within three years will result in Rs 50,000 penalty or imprisonment for up to one year or both and a one year license suspension.
Any subsequent offence shall result in the cancellation of the licence, and impounding of the vehicle which may extend for 30 days," it said.
If school bus drivers are caught driving drunk, Rs 50,000 fine will be imposed with imprisonment for three years while "immediate cancellation" of licence will take place in case of drivers in the age-group of 18 to 25 years involved in such incidences.
Causing death of a child in certain circumstances will result in "Rs 3 lakh fine, and imprisonment for a term not less than 7 years" while violating traffic signal three times will result in Rs 15,000 fine, licence cancellation for a month and a compulsory refresher training, the draft Bill said.
It also provides for graded point system for imposing fines.
The ministry has sought comments from public and stakeholders on the Bill and will thereafter finalise it for presentation to Parliament during the ensuing winter session
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will Apple Inc s digital wallet make card swipe redundantWill Apple's digital wallet, Apple Pay make the card swipe redundant?
By AP | 14 Sep, 2014, 12.34AM IST
Apple Pay, which will work both with iPhones and Apple Watch, is backed by a host of big retailers, along with most major banks & credit card issuers.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW YORK: Apple wants the plastic credit card to become as rare as the paper check.
On Tuesday, the company announced Apple Pay, a digital payment system that lets people pay for retail store purchases using their phones rather than cash or credit cards. The service, which will work both with iPhones and Apple's new Watch, is backed by a host of big retailers, along with most major banks and credit card issuers, including Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
So-called contactless payment isn't new. Starbucks, McDonald's, PayPal, Google and Square offer their own services, but only a small portion of customers use them. Some experts believe Apple Pay with its presence on millions of iPhones and its advanced security features could be the service that leads to widespread adoption of the digital wallet.
Citi Investment Research analyst Mark May believes the sum total of mobile payments could grow from $1 billion in 2013 to $58.4 billion by 2017.
Payment digitization paints an enticing vision of shopping's future: simply tap your device against a checkout screen and walk away with your new shoes.
But despite the flashy Apple Pay launch, Apple faces challenges making that vision a reality. The company and other digital wallet providers must convince shoppers that the transactions are safe especially in the wake of recent high-profile data breaches at Home Depot and Target. Meanwhile, the company must also make a case to retailers that it's worth it for them to invest in new point-of-sale systems.
Many US merchants still aren't sold on the idea. About 220,000 stores are set up to accept Apple Pay. That's only 5.5 per cent of the 3.6 million retail locations in the US, according to the National Retail Federation. The biggest US retailers, including Wal-Mart and Best Buy, are not participating in Apple Pay.
The main reason is cost. Each point-of-sale device, which uses something called near-field communication technology, costs hundreds of dollars, plus hours of worker training. And there's been little customer demand for the systems.
That may change now that Apple has entered the arena, says Gartner analyst Avivah Litan.
"There's no doubt young people want to use phones to make payments, but they have to have a place to pay,'' says Litan. She predicts bigger retailers will see how well Apple partners like McDonald's do before they move into mobile payments.
"If it goes well at other retailers, Wal-Mart and other companies may break down and start taking it,'' Litan says.
In countries such as Canada and the UK, contactless point-of-sale systems are widespread, and as a result, such payments are far more common. In Canada, for instance, about 20 percent of transactions at registers processed by MasterCard are completed by contactless payment, according to MasterCard.
"What you learn from that is when consumers start 'tapping' two or three times, they never go back to their old behavior at that merchant. ... It's just a much better experience,'' says Ed McLaughlin, chief emerging payments officer at MasterCard.
One of the strengths of Apple Pay is its security. Its system uses the company's Touch ID fingerprint technology, a secure chip, and payments that require a one-time security code.
That kind of security similar to the chip-and-pin credit card system used in Europe would prevent the type of breaches that happened at Target and Home Depot. And it could be a compelling reason for retailers to adopt Apple Pay, Litan says.
"If you get enough people using the service, it would cut down on retailers' security costs, and that's why over time it may really take off,'' she says.
Still, not everyone is convinced that swiping a credit or debit card is that much of an inconvenience in the first place. Bill Ready, head of next generation commerce at PayPal, points out that near-field communication has been around for 10 years without catching on. His vision of the mobile payment future is more akin to an ``e-commerce style transaction happening in the physical world,'' he says, citing the example of car-sharing service Uber, which works with PayPal to processes riders' payments by way of a mobile phone app.
Page 1 of 2

Russia Covers Up Soldiers  Deaths From War They Supposedly Aren t InRussia Denies Ukraine War Role As Soldiers Return In Coffins
Reuters
Updated:
09/12/2014  8:59 pm EDT
The daughter of Pavel Pavelko, 42, one of three pro Russia militiamen killed last Sunday in a shooting by unknown gunmen at a checkpoint, takes a fistful of dirt to place into her fathers grave during his burial in Alexandrovska village, 15 kilometers (9.3 miles)  from Slovyansk, Ukraine, Tuesday, April 22, 2014. (AP Photo/Manu Brabo) | AP
reddit
By Thomas Grove and Maria Tsvetkova
MOSCOW, Sept 12, 2014 (Reuters) - Late last month Yelena  Tumanova was handed the body of her son in a coffin at her home  in Russia's Western Volga region. Anton Tumanov was 20 and a  soldier serving in the Russian army in the North Caucasus region  of Chechnya.
The documents Yelena Tumanova was given with the body raised  more questions than they answered - questions about how her son  died and about the Russian government's denials that its troops  are in Ukraine. The records do not show Anton Tumanov's place of  death, said human rights activists who spoke to his mother after  she got in touch with them.
"Medical documents said there were shrapnel wounds, that is  he died from a loss of blood, but how it happened and where were  not indicated," said Sergei Krivenko, who heads a commission on  military affairs on Russia's presidential human rights council.
Yelena Tumanova could not be reached for comment and Reuters  was unable to review the documents. But more than 10 soldiers in  her dead son's unit told Krivenko and Ella Polyakova, another  member of the presidential human rights council, that Anton  Tumanov died in an Aug. 13 battle near the Ukrainian town of  Snizhnye. The battle, the soldiers said, killed more than 100  Russian soldiers serving in the 18th motorized rifle brigade of  military unit 27777, which is based outside the Chechen capital  of Grozny.
Rolan, 23, a fellow soldier who served with Tumanov, told  Reuters that his comrade died on the operating table after he  was hit by shrapnel from rockets. Rolan said he was steps away  in an armored personnel carrier when the rockets struck. He  said two in his group died, including another soldier, named  Robert.
"I was inside an APC, hatches were open, and as a result I  was lightly stunned and shell-shocked," said Rolan.
"Robert and Anton were outside two or three steps away and  they simply did not manage to hide. Robert died right there. We  gave first aid to Anton, he was already on the operating table  when he died," said Rolan, now at home in Russia's Krasnodar  region where he is recovering from an injury.
Human rights workers and military workers say some 15 other  Russian soldiers have been killed in Ukraine, with hundreds more  now in hospital.
The fact that Russian soldiers have died in a war in which  they officially have no involvement is a problem in Russia.  Chatter about young soldiers returning home in coffins has begun  to spread over the past few weeks. Though still limited, such  talk has powerful echoes of earlier Russian wars such as  Chechnya and Afghanistan.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said this week that  Russia had moved most of its forces back across the border into  Russian territory after a ceasefire between Kiev and the  separatists in Donetsk and Luhansk provinces. But a NATO  military officer said on Thursday that Russia still had 1,000  troops in the country.
The idea of an outright invasion of eastern Ukraine by  Russian troops is highly unpopular in Russia. A survey by  pro-Kremlin pollster Fund of Social Opinions said 57 percent of  Russians support the separatist Donetsk and Luhansk People's  Republics, but only 5 percent support an invasion of Ukrainian  territory.
Russian authorities have worked to systematically silence  rights workers' complaints over soldiers' deaths, intimidating  those who question the Kremlin's denials that its soldiers are  in Ukraine.
Krivenko and Polyakova, who is also the head of an  organization representing soldiers' mothers in St. Petersburg,  filed a petition on Aug. 25 asking Russian investigators for an  explanation for the deaths at Snizhnye.
So far they have heard nothing. But soon after the petition  was filed to the Investigative Committee, a law enforcement body  that answers only to President Vladimir Putin, Polyakova was  told her organization, which has existed since the 1991 break-up  of the Soviet Union, had been branded a 'foreign agent.'
The term, brought in by Putin in 2012 to set apart  non-governmental organizations that receive foreign funding and  engage in political activities, carries no real punitive  measures but is often used to discredit critics of the Kremlin.
Polyakova says she has been at odds with the authorities  over her stance toward Russia's annexation of Crimea. She  believes authorities gave her the 'foreign agent' tag because of  her petition and an Aug. 28 interview with Reuters in which she  first accused Moscow of covering up the deaths of Russian  soldiers.
"It's all linked. This was just the last drop, so to speak,"  she said.
SERVING IN UKRAINE
Officially there have been no Russian soldiers in Ukraine.  But Kiev maintains that Russian troops have in the past few  weeks helped separatists reverse the tide of the conflict,  pushing Ukrainian forces back from the Russian border and  allowing the separatists access to the sea.
And Reuters was able to find people who know of hundreds of  soldiers injured in Ukraine, or whose relatives are fighting in  Ukraine, building up the most comprehensive picture yet of  Russian battlefield casualties in the country.
A military doctor told Reuters that hundreds of Russian  soldiers injured in fighting in eastern Ukraine are now in  military hospitals in the regions of Moscow, St. Petersburg and  Rostov, which borders Ukraine.
"Generally they bring (the injured) to Rostov and to  Moscow," he said.
Sergei Kozlov, an IT specialist in Moscow, says his nephew  Nikolai, a paratrooper based in Ulianovsk, was sent to Ukraine  on Aug. 24. He was hit by a shell after he crossed the border,  Sergei Kozlov said, and lost his leg.
"He was operated on in Rostov Province and then was brought  to Moscow because there was no more room there. But even now  there is no room in Moscow hospitals or in St. Petersburg  because they're all filled with people injured in Ukraine,"  Sergei Kozlov said by phone. Nikolai, who Sergei said is still  in hospital, could not be reached.
A cab driver in Moscow who gave his name as Vitaly said his  son was also sent to Ukraine. He has a picture on his dashboard  of the 20-year-old boy smiling atop an armored personnel  carrier.
Vitaly says he is furious that his son - a paratrooper based  in Pskov near Estonia - has been sent to Ukraine to fight for  the rebels.
"They sent him there illegally to fight for the rebels two  weeks ago. He says he'll be back on Nov. 20. I'm counting the  days," he said.
Vitaly says officers tried to force his son - serving  mandatory military service - to change his status to a contract  soldier, which would legally allow him to serve abroad.  Conscripts in Russia are exempt from foreign service.
His son refused to sign, but officers sent him to Ukraine  anyway.
"They dressed him up like a rebel so no one would know he  was a Russian soldier and off he went," said Vitaly.
Rolan, the serviceman who fought alongside Tumanov in  Snizhnye, says he spent 10 days fighting in Ukraine in the  middle of August. Back home in the Krasnodar region, he said his  commanders offered soldiers the option to go to Ukraine. The men  could refuse, but the commanders were very supportive of those  who agreed. Rolan went, he said, because of his military oath  and to protect Russian-speakers from Ukrainian forces, routinely  referred to as fascists, in Russia. His unit put him on paid  leave to make the trip.
"(I wanted) to push neo-Nazis and pure fascists deep into  the country or eliminate them and to free Russian-speaking  population of this evil," he said.
He said he crossed into Ukraine in a truck without a license  plate.
"On the Ukrainian side of the border, rebels met and guided  us. In fact there is no border, just a field of sunflowers.  There is Russia on one side of it and on the other side there is  no more Russia."
"NO RELATION TO REALITY"
Independent Russian news outlet Dozhd has tried to keep a  list of the Russian soldiers injured, detained or killed in  Ukraine.
But the number of Russian soldiers serving on the side of  pro-Russian rebels against Ukrainian troops is unknown.
Russia's defense ministry strongly denied reports that  Russian military units were operating in Ukraine.
"We have noticed the launch of this informational 'canard'  and are obliged to disappoint its overseas authors and their few  apologists in Russia," a ministry official, General-Major Igor  Konashenkov, told Interfax news agency.
"The information contained in this material bears no  relation to reality."
A Facebook page called "Cargo 200," the Soviet term for the  bodies of soldiers sent home from war, is also trying to protest  at the use of Russian soldiers in Ukraine and connect soldiers  and parents to better understand how their children died.
Yelena Vasilyeva, who helps organize the group, blamed  Russia's Federal Security Services, the successor agency of the  Soviet KGB, for hacking attacks.
"Our group is suffering attacks most likely from the Federal  Security Services since Aug. 20. On the site it's been going on  for five days," she said.
Krivenko, of the presidential human rights council, said  Russia's failure to admit that its soldiers are in Ukraine is  part of a long tradition of hiding military activities or  playing them down, as in the first war in Chechnya.
"When the Chechen War began, it also started out without a  declaration of war. And Russian soldiers participated in secret  until troops were officially sent in Nov. 1994. Until then, they  took off their uniforms and entered the conflict as volunteers,"  Krivenko said in his office at Moscow-based rights group  Memorial.
"Everyone understood that there was war going on there but  everyone tried to hide it in every possible way," he said.
COVERING TRACES
Rights activists and their lawyers say the biggest  difference between the first Chechen War in the 1990s and now is  that Russian authorities have become better at stopping  information they don't like.
In the northwest Russian city of Pskov, reporters were  chased away from a cemetery in late August where, according to  accounts on social media, two Russian paratroopers killed in  Ukraine are secretly buried.
On Aug. 21, Ukrainian journalist Roman Bochkala published on  his Facebook page what he said were photographs of Russian  documents recovered after Ukrainian forces clashed with an  armored column of pro-Russian rebels near the village of  Heorhiivka, eastern Ukraine.
The photographs show a passport in the name of a 21-year-old  man called Nikolai Krygin issued in the Pskov region. There was  also an insurance certificate, also issued in Pskov, and a copy  of the military rule-book for Russian Airborne Troops. Reuters  was unable to locate Krygin.
Pskov is the hometown of the 76th division of the Russian  Airborne Troops. Its base is a few kilometers from the cemetery.
A Russian politician told Reuters he was badly beaten by  unknown assailants after publicizing the funerals of the  paratroopers in Pskov.
"There is a weaker civil society now. Now the entire system  is closed. In a closed system, what happens covers the entire  system, investigators, doctors," said Polyakova.
Vitaly Cherkasov, a human rights lawyer, said that  authorities are using threats and administrative punishments -  like 'foreign agent' status - to keep people from talking. But  even with that pressure, information spreads.
Yulia Ganiyeva, 22, received a phone call from an anonymous  officer on Sept. 4, informing her of the death of her fiance  Alexei Zasov, 22, who served in the 31st paratroopers brigade in  Ulianovsk, Vladimir Lenin's home town on the Volga river.
"They officially said that he was killed on Russian  territory but the truth is that he was killed in Ukraine," she  said.
"I got in touch with soldiers who served with him. They told  me he was killed in Ukraine." (Additional reporting by Denis Pinchuk in Pskov, Russia and  Anton Zverev in Moscow; Edited by Simon Robinson)
More:

Spectrum trading norms by DecemberSpectrum trading norms by December
Markets gain for fifth straight weekMarkets gain for fifth straight week
ISIL video claims beheading of British hostage DavidHainesBritish aid worker David Haines before he was beheaded. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Baghdad | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:17 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 11:34 am
Islamic State militants fighting in Iraq and Syria released a video on Saturday which purported to show the beheading of British aid worker David Haines.
Reuters could not immediately verify the footage. However, the images were consistent with that of the filmed executions of two American journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff, in the past month.
ALSO READ:  ISIS claims to have killed US journalist, posts beheading video 
Haines, a 44-year-old father of two from Perth in Scotland, was kidnapped last year while working for the French agency ACTED.
The video entitled, “A Message to the Allies of America,” opened with UK Prime Minister David Cameron talking about working with the Iraqi government and allied Kurdish Peshmerga forces to defeat Islamic State.
“This British man has to pay the price for your promise, Cameron, to arm the Peshmerga against the Islamic State,” said a masked man dressed in black with a British accent, standing over Haines, who was shown kneeling and wearing an orange jumpsuit.
The video then showed the beheading of the kneeling man.
At the end of the video, another hostage was shown and the masked man said he would be killed if Cameron continues to support the fight against Islamic State.
 

ISIS appears to execute British aid workerISIS executes British aid worker David Haines; Cameron vows justice
By Greg Botelho, CNN
September 14, 2014 -- Updated 1824 GMT (0224 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: Brother: Haines is survived by his wife, 2 children; he once was in the UK air force
NEW: David Haines found his true calling in humanitarian work, his brother says
The video characterizes Haines' beheading "a message to the allies of America"
British PM: "We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers"
(CNN) -- British aid worker David Haines has been executed by ISIS militants, according to a video posted Saturday to a website associated with the group, making him the third Western captive to be killed by the Islamist extremist group in recent weeks.
The ISIS video post showing Haines' beheading called his execution "a message to the allies of America."
It is produced very similarly to the videos that showed the executions of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, the last of which included Haines and the threat that he'd be killed next.
The new video pictures a masked ISIS militant placing his hand on another captive, whom he identified as Alan Henning, a British citizen.
In a tweet, British Prime Minister David Cameron called "the murder of David Haines" an "act of pure evil."
Who was British aid worker David Haines?
ISIS addresses Britain in execution video
David Haines' brother comments on tragedy
Cameron added, "We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes."
Haines offers brief scripted comments on the video, as does the man who kills him.
Directing his remarks at Britain, the executioner -- who sounds like the man who killed Foley and Sotloff -- says, "Your evil alliance with America, which continues to strike the Muslims of Iraq and most recently bombed the Haditha dam, will only accelerate your destruction and claim the role of the obedient lap dog.
"Cameron will only drag you and your people into another bloody and unwinnable war."
Retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona -- an Air Force veteran intelligence officer and CNN military analyst -- surmised that if ISIS planned to dissuade Britain for teaming up with the United States, the group will be disappointed.
"ISIS has just guaranteed British cooperation with the Americans on all phases of what we're going to be doing," Francona said. "... I think this is now a Western fight; it's not just a U.S. fight."
Haines' brother: Islam not to blame
Brother: Haines 'just another bloke' who lived to help others
News of the gruesome killing came the same day that the 44-year-old Haines' family released a brief message to his captors through the British Foreign Office.
In it, the family says, "We have sent messages to you to which we have not received a reply. We are asking those holding David to make contact with us."
Haines' face became known to the world in the ISIS video, released September 2, in which he looks forward and kneels as a masked ISIS militant stands behind him.
The militant says in that video, "We take this opportunity to warn those governments who've entered this evil alliance of America against the Islamic State to back off and leave our people alone."
British officials said after the video's release that they had sent troops to try to rescue an unidentified British citizen "some time ago," but failed. They released no other details.
Alan Henning with an ISIS member in a frame taken from a video released by ISIS.
Mike Haines, in a statement early Sunday, through the British Foreign Office, noted that his brother leaves behind two children and his wife Dragana. He described his brother as "just another bloke" whose "childhood was centered around our family" and who was "brought up to know right from wrong."
David Haines worked for the Royal Mail, then joined the Royal Air Force. He later worked with the United Nations in the Balkans, where "he helped whoever needed help, regardless of race, creed or religion," according to his brother.
"During this time, David began to decide that humanitarian work was the field he wanted to work in," Mike Haines said. "... David was most alive and enthusiastic in his humanitarian roles."
After working for ScotRail, David Haines went on to get a job as a logistics and security manager for the Paris-based humanitarian Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development.
He was abducted in March 2013 near a refugee camp in Atmeh, Syria, where he was working to arrange for the delivery of humanitarian aid to people staying at the camp. He had previously worked on aid operations for victims of conflict in the Balkans, African and other parts of the Middle East, according to an ACTED spokesman.
"His joy and anticipation for the work he (did) in Syria is, for myself and family, the most important element of this whole sad affair," Mike Haines said. "He was and is loved by all his family and will be missed terribly."
British hostage of ISIS was helping displaced Syrians, aid group says
Obama: U.S. 'stands shoulder-to-shoulder' with Britain
Another hostage has been publicly killed by ISIS. Another one's life has been threatened. And fighters for ISIS -- which calls itself the Islamic State, in a nod to its efforts to establish a vast caliphate in the Middle East under its strict version of Sharia law -- are continuing to kill innocent civilians in Iraq and Syria.
What don't we know about ISIS?
'The world's most ruthless terrorists'
Will ISIS attacks spread to U.S.?
So what's next?
The threat from ISIS has been brewing for some time. Having begun a decade ago as al Qaeda in Iraq -- only to be disowned earlier this year by al Qaeda, the group behind the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, for its heavy-handed tactics -- ISIS has taken advantage of instability in Syria and Iraq to become one of the most prominent and feared groups in the Middle East.
ISIS, which is also known as the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant or ISIL, managed to become one of the most successful rebel groups working to overthrow Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. It also rampaged through much of Iraq, thwarting seemingly overmatched Iraqi troops and massacring those who did not subscribe to its extreme version of Islam.
It wasn't until last month -- albeit before Foley's killing -- that the American military jumped into the fray.
"It's a bit like trying to predict an earthquake: You can see pressure building up on the fault lines but not knowing when it's going to materialize (or how) quickly it can disintegrate," Rep. Adam Schiff, a California Democrat, said Saturday night. "Those things are very hard to predict."
Partnering with the Iraqi military and Kurdish fighters, U.S. warplanes have been striking ISIS targets in Iraq regularly since August 8.
Earlier this week, President Barack Obama announced that U.S. airstrikes would go after the extremist group in Syria, and perhaps beyond.
"We will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country, wherever they are," said Obama, who insisted American troops wouldn't fight "on foreign soil," though they will play support roles. "That means I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria, as well as Iraq. This is a core principle of my presidency: if you threaten America, you will find no safe haven."
The President vowed the United States won't do it alone. To this end, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry was in Egypt on Saturday seeking that country's help in the fight against ISIS.
Britain is one country, at least, that has stepped up -- even before Haines' killing.
That includes providing "urgent military support" at the Iraqi government's request, including heavy machine guns, body armor and nearly half a million rounds of ammunition to Kurdish fighters known as the Peshmerga.
The scale of that support, though, could ramp up now with one Briton executed and Henning's life in limbo.
To this end, 10 Downing Street announced early Sunday that Cameron will convene an emergency meeting of his top security officials to discuss what Britain will do next.
Obama released a statement late Saturday after what he called Haines' "barbaric murder," offering his support for the aid worker's family and his native Britain.
"The United States stands shoulder-to-shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve," the President said.
"We will work with the United Kingdom and a broad coalition of nations from the region and around the world to bring the perpetrators of this outrageous act to justice, and to degrade and destroy this threat to the people of our countries, the region and the world."

Islamic State claims beheading of British hostage: SITEIslamic State claims beheading of British hostage: SITE
Indias Arctic observatory toaid climate change studiesUpdated: September 13, 2014 16:16 IST
India’s Arctic observatory to aid climate change studies
T. Nandakumar
The Hindu IndARC being deployed in Kongsfjorden from the Norwegian research vessel RV Lance. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOPICS
environmental issues
Will help understand influences on monsoon system
Deep in the frigid waters of the Arctic Ocean, an Indian observatory is quietly churning out data that is expected to help scientists understand the Arctic climate process and its influence on the Indian monsoon system.
The deployment of IndARC, the country’s first underwater moored observatory in the Kongsfjorden fjord, half way between Norway and the North Pole, represents a major milestone in India’s scientific endeavours in the Arctic region, says Shailesh Nayak, Secretary, Ministry of Earth Sciences.
Designed and developed by scientists from the Earth System Science Organisation (ESSO), National Centre for Antarctic and Ocean Research (NCAOR), National Institute of Ocean Technology (NIOT) and Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS), IndARC was deployed from RV Lance, a research vessel belonging to the Norwegian Polar Institute on July 23.
The observatory is anchored at a depth of 192 m and has an array of 10 state-of-the-art oceanographic sensors strategically positioned at various depths in the water. Speaking to The Hindu during a recent visit to the city, Dr. Nayak said the sensors were programmed to collect real- time data on seawater temperature, salinity, ocean currents and other vital parameters of the fjord.
The Kongsfjorden is considered a natural laboratory for studying the Arctic climate variability. Scientists predict that melting of the Arctic glaciers will trigger changes in weather patterns and ocean currents that could affect other parts of the world.
“The interaction between the Arctic ice shelf and the deep sea and its influence on climate shift requires detailed studies over an annual seasonal cycle”, explained Dr. Nayak. “One of the major constraints in such a study has been the difficulty in reaching the location to collect data during the harsh Arctic winter. The IndARC observatory is an attempt to overcome this lacuna.”
He added that data collected by IndARC would be used for climate modelling studies to understand the influence of the Arctic processes on the Indian monsoon system.

Forex reserves down by $1.32billionForex reserves down by $1.32billion
Monarch Butterfly s Numbers Fly Dangerously Low (monarch butterfly s numbers fly dangerously low (
Summer Camp Just Got Extremesummer camp just got extreme
Uddhav Thackeray seeks to become CM  urges people to give him a chanceUddhav, whose relation with BJP is under strain over seat-sharing for the assembly poll, also sought to assert the pre-eminence of Shiv Sena in Maharashtra politics. (Source: PTI photo)
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 13, 2014 3:52 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 4:16 am
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray Saturday expressed his desire to occupy the chief minister’s post in Maharashtra, which is going to polls on October 15.
Thackeray, who was participating in a programme in Mumbai hosted by a TV channel, said, “I don’t day-dream or hanker for power. But if I get an opportunity to head the state, I will not shy away from the responsibility.”
“In the Lok Sabha polls, the people of India wanted change. Narendra Modi emerged as an alternative face, which was acceptable to the people.
Similarly, in Maharashtra, the people are looking for a change. If people repose their confidence in me, I will surely lead the state,” the Shiv Sena president said while fielding questions from other participants in the programme. “After all, I am son of Bal Thackeray. I have always firmly stood for a cause and delivered results. I have never run away from any responsibilities,” he said.
On the seat-sharing negotiations with the ally BJP, Thackeray said, “There is nothing like big brother or small brother. We believe each alliance partner should be treated with dignity and given their due.”
Taking a dig at his rivals (read MNS chief Raj Thackeray), he said, “Even I live along the seashore. I have seen waves rolling. I am used to taking waves in my stride. I don’t run away from problems.”
The Sena and BJP, which entered into an alliance 25 years ago, had set a formula that whichever of the two parties won more seats in the Assembly polls would stake the claim for chief ministerial post.
Chavan to fight maiden Assembly election from Karad South, says Wife Pune
CM Prithviraj Chavan is set to contest the upcoming Assembly polls from Karad South constituency in Satara district, his wife Satvasheela Chavan told the The Sunday Express. The CM, a member of the Legislative Council who will be fighting Assembly polls for the first time, is said to have been looking for a safe seat. Satvasheela, who was in Pimpri on Saturday to conduct a workshop for women Congress workers, said she had already been campaigning in the constituency. Though Karad South is considered to be a safe seat, Chavan may have a problem at hand. For 20 years now, the seat has been represented by Vikaskaka Patil Undalkar of the Congress, who is reportedly not ready to drop out of the race.
 

Army jawan killed  20 injured in accident in KathuaPress Trust of India | Jammu | Posted: September 13, 2014 4:37 pm
A military personnel was killed and 20 others, including three Army jawans, were injured on Saturday in an accident on Jammu-Pathankote national highway in Kathuadistrict of the state.
The accident happened in Dayalachak area at around 1024 hours today when a bus, on its way to Patankote from Jammu, collided head on with an Army vehicle, a police officer said.
The bus was on wrong side when it hit the Army vehicle, he added. The bus turned turtle after the accident, following whichan Army jawan Sepoy Jaswan Singh, who was travelling in the bus, died on the spot, he said, adding, 20 others including three Army personnel were also injured.
The three injured Army jawans were rushed to Military Hospital at Satwari in Jammu while seven seriously injured were referred to Government Medical College (GMC) hospital in Jammu, the officer said.
The other 10 injured were admitted in district hospital at Kathua, he said.

Assembly polls in the state last thing on JK CM s mindPress Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 13, 2014 5:39 pm
With Jammu and Kashmir engrossed in a massive rescue and relief operation, Chief Minister Omar Abdullah on Saturday said the last thing on his mind at the moment was holding of assembly elections in the state where the term of the house ends on January 19.
“I could not care less about elections. I have no time to think about elections at this moment. I have no inclination at this point of time. My only inclination is to ensure rescue, relief, rehabilitation, restoration and peace,” he said.
The State Chief Minister said, “Elections are not my problem. Those who have to decide can decide. Once they decide, I will decide what to do. But at this point of time, I could not care less.”
The Election Commission on Friday said it was watching “very closely” the situation in the flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir and decision on conducting assembly polls will be taken after things come to some shape there.
“We are watching the situation very closely. After things come to some shape, we will find out (and) depending upon the situation, a decision will be taken,” Chief Election Commissioner VS Sampath had told reporters.
The term of the 87-member J-K assembly ends on January 19 next year.
Flood triggered by heavy rain in Jammu and Kashmir has claimed around lives so far and left thousands homeless. It has also caused extensive damage to road, rail and telecommunication infrastructure in the state.

Virbhadra rules out mid-term polls in HP  says his govt stablePrint
PTI | Hamirpur | Posted: September 13, 2014 4:16 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 6:20 pm
Asserting that his government was firm and stable, Himachal Pradesh Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh on Saturday ruled out mid term assembly polls in the state.
“My government enjoys absolute majority and would complete its five year term. BJP leaders, who are spreading canards regarding the stability of my government, would be disappointed,” he said while talking to mediapersons here.
Singh also ruled out any reshuffle in his cabinet and said all ministers were functioning well.
The ministers have been given complete freedom to work the way they want, but once the cabinet takes a decision it is binding on all the ministers, he said.
“I am not a dictator. I am concerned about the well-being and welfare of the masses but the decisions taken in the state cabinet are binding on all ministers and no one should have an impression that he is above the cabinet,” he added.
Hitting out at BJP leaders, especially former Chief Minister Prem Kumar Dhumal and his MP son Anurag Thkaur, for “unleashing a vilification campaign against him”, Singh said their nefarious designs would never succeed.
“The previous BJP governments led by Dhumal had tried to implicate me in false cases but thanks to God, I got clean chit from courts and came out unscathed,” he said.
Dismissing allegations made by BJP leaders that he was unleashing political vendetta on opponents, Singh said it was the other way round as doing such a thing was an unhealthy tradition started by the BJP.
Singh said he was enquiring into the allegations of corruption and misuse of power against some BJP leaders.
“I am trying fulfill the promises made to people during the elections to probe all cases of corruption,” he said. He also said that the Congress government was working to make Hamirpur district “an educational hub” and had already opened various educational institutes in the district.
A new medical college would also be opened soon for which land is being identified, he added.
On being asked whether the new medical college would be like AIIMS as suggested by the local MP Anurag Thakur, Singh replied in negative and said he would be happy if Thakur brought any AIIMS-like college to the state.
My government enjoys absolute majority and would complete its five year term. BJP leaders, who are spreading canards regarding the stability of my government, would be disappointed

Pak body for more trade within SaarcPak body for more trade within Saarc
Chinese factory output growth at 5-year low of 6.9%Chinese factory output growth at 5-year low of 6.9%
UK s Cameron says will hunt down  murderers  of David HainesUK s Cameron says will hunt down  murderers  of David Haines
States seek financial help to develop Smart ...States seek financial help to develop Smart Cities
PTI Sep 13, 2014, 07.01PM IST
Tags:
centre
(nanimously welcoming the…)
NEW DELHI: Unanimously welcoming the Smart City initiative of the Centre , states have demanded technical help to prepare project reports and higher financial assistance to execute the scheme.
Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu today reviewed the suggestions and views from states and Union Territories expressed at the national conclave held yesterday and directed officials to examine the suggestions in detail.
He has also asked the concerned officials to prepare a proposal for discussion at an inter-ministerial meeting where Ministers of Finance and Defence, Highways and Surface Transport, Railways, Power, Environment and Forests are likely to attend.
Reiterating the importance of smart leadership in developing smart cities, Naidu said he would write to all the Chief Ministers on the need for proper decision making to enhance revenues of urban local bodies and improving urban governance.
States have made ten broad suggestions for developing Smart Cities including seeking flexibility in implementation, capacity building, higher central assistance in view of the resource constraints of urban local bodies and expeditious clearances by the Centre, said a senior Urban Development official.
Higher level of Viability Gap Funding with respect to solid waste management and water supply projects, capital expenditure to be borne by central government since private operators can only manage the operations and maintenance with utility charges and Special Purpose Vehicles to be created for executing the projects are some of the suggestions made by states at the conclave.
Some states referred to the difficulties associated with adoption of Public-Private Partnership model with respect to some urban projects in view of the complexities involved and levying of user charges.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese Ambassador  Le Yucheng meets Anandi ...You are here: Home > Collections
Chinese Ambassador, Le Yucheng meets Anandi Patel
PTI Sep 13, 2014, 07.49PM IST
Tags:
Anandi Patel
(Newly-appointed Chinese…)
AHMEDABAD: Newly-appointed Chinese Ambassador to India, Le Yucheng today met Chief Minister Anandi Patel in Gandhinagar ahead of the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping here on September 17.
"Yucheng held a detailed discussion with Patel about Jinping's forthcoming visit here and on various avenues of co-operation between India and China," said a press release issued by Gujarat government.
During the meeting, Patel hoped that Jinping's visit will provide a new direction to the trade ties between China and Gujarat.
"While greeting Yucheng, Patel appreciated the efforts put up by China during last 20-25 years to become one of the economic superpowers of the world," the release said.
"India is also moving ahead to be one of the economic superpowers under the able leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi ," Patel is quoted as saying in the release.
Patel told Yucheng that in view of a growing number of firms operating in Gujarat, various universities in the state have started Chinese language courses for youngsters who want to take up jobs in these firms.
During the meeting, the chief minister invited Yucheng and a Chinese delegation to take part in the Vibrant Gujarat Summit next year. "In return, Yucheng also invited Patel to visit China," the release said.
Jinping is expected to land at Ahmedabad airport at around 2:30 PM on Wednesday and will be driven to hotel Grand Hyatt in Vastrapur area.
After holding a high-level meeting at the hotel, Jinping is scheduled to visit Sabarmati Ashram and then take a walk and have dinner with Modi on the Sabarmati Riverfront, before flying to New Delhi, according to official sources.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Set to surpass $22.1 bn Alibaba may raise I...Set to surpass $22.1 billion? Alibaba may raise IPO price
New York Times Sep 13, 2014, 09.25PM IST
Tags:
(Driving any possible bump…)
By Michael J. De La Merced
The Alibaba Group's initial public offering was long expected to be a blockbuster. But a flood of orders for shares in the Chinese e-commerce giant has proved stronger than expected.
Only five days into the company's global journey to promote itself to prospective buyers, its underwriters have told their sales staffs they plan to close orders for the stock sale by Wednesday, people briefed on the matter said Friday.
And with that intense interest - shown by the huge lines of investors who waited to spend even an hour with Alibaba's senior management - comes the possibility that the company's bankers may eventually raise the price range for the offering, pushing it past a fundraising goal of $21.1 billion.
That could make Alibaba the biggest initial offering in history, surpassing the $22.1 billion that the Agricultural Bank of China raised four years ago. But the people briefed on the matter, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, cautioned that no plans had been set and that the price range might remain within the already disclosed $60 to $66 a share, which values the company at roughly $163 billion at the high end.
A final decision will be made next Thursday, when underwriters are expected to price the offering after examining its order book. Alibaba would then begin trading the next day on the New York Stock Exchange.
Driving any possible bump in price is strong demand from investors eager to buy a piece of China's biggest e-commerce operator. Alibaba, which is an amalgam of eBay , Amazon and Google , has positioned itself as a gateway to a Chinese population that is increasingly and quickly going online to shop, reaping huge growth in profits and margins along the way.
The company's underwriters told their sales staffs Friday that the stock offering was already oversubscribed, with "no sensitivity" to the existing price range. That suggests that the banks may feel comfortable raising the price of the offering, as happened in other big initial offerings like those of General Motors and Facebook .
But the banks are wary of pushing the price range too far, potentially scaring off investors, some of the people briefed on the matter said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Before leaving for US  Modi to pitch Make in India to worldBefore leaving for US  Modi to pitch Make in India to world
Power  water supplies cut in official houses of ex-ministersPower  water supplies cut in official houses of ex-ministers
Scotland independence: Fate of United Kingdom hangs in balance after new pollsDeutsche Bank
(At stake is not just the future…)
EDINBURGH: The fate of the United Kingdom remained unclear five days before a historic referendum on Scottish independence as three new polls on Saturday showed a slight lead for supporters of the union, but one saying the separatist campaign was pulling ahead.
On the final weekend of campaigning, tens of thousands of supporters of both sides took to the streets of the capital Edinburgh and Scotland's largest city, Glasgow. Rival leaders worked across the country to convince undecided voters.
At stake is not just the future of Scotland, but that of the United Kingdom, forged by the union with England 307 years ago.
The battle also took a bitter turn on Saturday when a senior nationalist warned businesses such as oil major BP Plc that they could face punishment for voicing concern over the impact of a secession.
The economic future of Scotland has become one the most fiercely debated issues in the final weeks of impassioned debate.
Nationalists accuse British Prime Minister David Cameron of coordinating a scare campaign by business leaders aimed at spooking voters, while unionists say separation is fraught with financial and economic uncertainty.
But former Scottish Nationalist Party deputy leader Jim Sillars went much further than separatist leader Alex Salmond, warning that BP's operations in Scotland might face nationalisation if Scots voted for secession on Thursday.
"This referendum is about power, and when we get a 'Yes' majority we will use that power for a day of reckoning with BP and the banks," Sillars, a nationalist rival of Salmond's, was quoted by Scottish media as saying.
"BP, in an independent Scotland, will need to learn the meaning of nationalisation, in part or in whole, as it has in other countries who have not been as soft as we have been forced to be," Sillars said.
Banks such as Standard Life would face tougher employment laws after a vote for independence, he added.
When asked about the comments in a BBC interview, Sillars confirmed he had raised the prospect of nationalisation, but said he had used the term to get media coverage. Nationalisation was not on the table, he said.
A BP spokesman declined to comment but BP chief Bob Dudley has said that independence could cause "uncertainties," and he did not want to see oil-rich Scotland drift away.
Major banks, oil companies and supermarkets have said that a vote for secession would create concern. North Sea oil would have to be divided up while there is uncertainty over the future currency and central bank of an independent Scotland.
Salmond struck a softer tone on Saturday.
"Mr. Cameron and his Tory friends in Downing Street and the Labour front men in Scotland are going to get their comeuppance next Thursday because Scotland is going to vote yes in very substantial proportions," Salmond said.
"It's unfortunate that a number of businesses have allowed themselves to be recruited by David Cameron and Downing Street, but let me say, after a 'Yes' vote, and we are going to get one, it is incumbent on us to reach out everyone and build that atmosphere of 'Team Scotland'."
  From the windswept islands of the Atlantic to the inner city estates of Glasgow, Scots are debating whether to vote 'Yes' or 'No' to the ballot paper question they will be asked on Thursday: "Should Scotland be an independent country?"
Independence supporters say it is time for Scotland to rule itself, free of politicians in London. "No" campaigners say that Scotland is more secure and prosperous as part of the United Kingdom, and the end of the union would destroy three centuries of bonds and shared history, as well as be an economic disaster.
Until September, all polls but one in 2013 had shown the unionists with a comfortable lead. Several surveys this month, however, show the nationalists have won over hundreds of thousands of Scotland's 4 million voters.
Out of four opinion polls released on Sunday, three showed the unionists with a lead of between two and eight per centage points while an ICM poll conducted over the internet showed supporters of independence in the lead with 54 per cent and unionists on 46 per cent.
The ICM poll is the second this year to show independence supporters in the lead though a small sample size of 705 people means its margin of error is higher than most other polls. Polling expert John Curtice said the survey came with "a substantial health warning."
In other developments, media tycoon Rupert Murdoch visited Scotland on Saturday and praised the country for being alive with debate ahead of the vote.
"No politicians, just street and pub talks," Murdoch, 83, said on his Twitter feed. "Everywhere alive with debate. Democracy truly at work. Both sides predicting victory."
About 12,000 Protestant unionists, including contingents from Northern Ireland, marched through Edinburgh's Old Town on Saturday in an emotional show of support for keeping Scotland in the United Kingdom.

NSA have secret access to Deutsche Telekom: ...Deutsche Telekom
(The NSA and British intelligence…)
BERLIN: The US National Security Agency and British intelligence services are able to secretly access data from telecoms giant Deutsche Telekom and several other German operators, according to Der Spiegel weekly.
An NSA programme called "Treasure Map" gives the US agency and Britain's electronic eavesdropping GCHQ near real-time information about the operators' networks, right through to end users on computers, smartphones or tablets, Der Spiegel said in a report to appear in its Sunday edition.
It is the latest in a string of revelations based on documents leaked by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden.
Spiegel said the tracking programme, which it dubbed "the Google Earth of the Internet", can be used to plan cyber attacks.
The magazine said it did not receive any immediate comment from the NSA or GCHQ in response to the claims.
Satellite ground station operator Stellar, which according to Spiegel was among the German firms targeted, responded angrily to the revelation.
"A cyber attack of this kind clearly violates German law," said Stellar boss Christian Steffen, after Spiegel presented it with a GCHQ document said to contain the passwords of some of its clients.
In response to the Spiegel report, Deutsche Telekom and regional operator Netcologne said they had not identified any data breaches.
But Deutsche Telekom's IT security head Thomas Tschersich said: "The access of foreign secret services to our network would be totally unacceptable."
"We are looking into any indication of a possible manipulation. We have also alerted the authorities," he told the weekly.
The Snowden leaks, which began last year and have revealed massive surveillance by the United States, have provoked outrage in Germany and damaged ties with Washington following disclosures that the NSA tapped Chancellor Angela Merkel's mobile phone.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scotland is alive with debate ahead of vote:...Rupert Murdoch says Scotland is alive with debate ahead of independence vote
Reuters Sep 14, 2014, 03.14AM IST
Tags:
Australia
(Murdoch's paternal grandparents…)
EDINBURGH: Media tycoon Rupert Murdoch visited Scotland on Saturday, praising the country of 5 million people for being alive with debate ahead of a independence vote that could break apart the United Kingdom.
Murdoch, whose global media interests stretch from movies to newspapers that claim to turn elections, gave no hint of whether his Scottish Sun newspaper, the country's most popular newspaper, would openly back unionists or secessionists before next Thursday's vote.
"No politicians, just street and pub talks," Murdoch, 83, said on his Twitter feed. "Everywhere alive with debate. Democracy truly at work. Both sides predicting victory."
Murdoch's paternal grandparents were Scots who emigrated from Aberdeenshire in northeast Scotland to Australia in the 19th Century.
He said promises of more devolution made by Prime Minister David Cameron and former Prime Minister Gordon Brown meant that Britain would look like a federation after the vote should the unionists win.
"Cameron and Brown have promised so much more devolution if No wins, Britain will look like a federation. Bet many Tories outraged," he said.
In a previous post last week, Murdoch heaped praise laced with hints of frustration on nationalist leader Alex Salmond.
"Salmond a friend, great politician, man of the people, etc, but I would be much happier with another great Scottish AS - Adam Smith!," he said, refering to the 18th Century philosopher regarded as the father of modern economics.
"Okay, how would Salmond govern? Socialist paradise no. People need jobs, decent pay, streamline bureaucracy,new investment. No EU."
Salmond has called Murdoch a "remarkable man".
Murdoch's political influence in Britain was once legendary and though the billionaire has admitted that a phone hacking scandal was a blot on his reputation, he retains considerable clout through his stable of British newspapers.
The daily Sun tabloid, while losing readers in line with all British newspapers, is still the Britain's biggest selling title. Its Scottish sister, the Scottish Sun, had a daily circulation of 248,000 in February, according to the Audit Bureau of Circulation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Pakistan crisis: Protestors suspend talks with Nawaz Sharif governmentImran Khan
(The fiery Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf…)
ISLAMABAD: Signs of a possible solution to end the political crisis engulfing Pakistan looked bleak today as anti-government protest leaders suspended talks with the Nawaz Sharif government following a crackdown on demonstrators with opposition leader Imran Khan asserting that there was no room for negotiations any more.
Pakistani police arrested several dozens of anti-government protestors and a court ordered that 100 opposition activists be sent to jail for holding illegal protests and other violations, triggering tense confrontation between demonstrators and police in the centre of the capital.
Addressing his supporters tonight on the completion of one month of protest, the fiery Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf chief announced to continue protests in front of Parliament till Sharif stepped down.
"There is no room for negotiations any more...We will not leave till the premier resigns," Khan said.
He questioned Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif if it is democratic to arrest young workers. "Officials putting young people behind bars should be ashamed of themselves...It is our democratic right to protest peacefully," he said.
"Sharif's real face has been unveiled, he is a dictator and his rule is worse than General Pervez Musharraf's rule," Khan said.
"We cannot rely on the police or judiciary anymore," the PTI chief said as police yesterday arrested several dozens of protestors from the capital accusing them for violating section 144 which prohibit a gathering of five or more people in Islamabad.
He said that his dream of "Naya Pakistan" would soon come true and promised to introduce transparent government system in the country after ousting the present government.
Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) chief and populist cleric Tahir-ul Qadri, who has been leading parallel demonstrations, also said that he has suspended talks with the PML-N government following a crackdown here on demonstrators demanding ouster of Sharif.
"We have suspended the talks as the government has begun arresting my workers in Islamabad and around the country," Qadri said, deepening the month-long political impasse in the country.
"The government was unwilling to hear out the legitimate grievances of people who had been camped outside the halls of power for a month now," Qadri was quoted as saying by Dawn.
Khan also dismissed the impression that he was supported by the military, saying "I don't need the Pakistan Army, as I already have an army of the people of Pakistan".
Khan's PTI wants Sharif's ouster over alleged rigging in last year's poll which his party lost, while Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country.
Both leaders have been agitating since mid-August 14. At least three people have been killed and over 550 injured in violence during the protests.
The government earlier this week had said it had reached an agreement with Khan's party on most of their demands, except that of Sharif's ouster which it said is non-negotiable.
The protests have raised concern about stability in the country of 180 million people, at a time when the government is battling a Taliban insurgency.
  Meanwhile, hundreds of supporters of Khan and Qadri today stopped several prison vehicles carrying their arrested workers to jail after a hearing in an Islamabad court.
Police had yesterday arrested several dozens of their supporters from the capital accusing them for violating section 144 which prohibits a gathering of five or more people in Islamabad.
About 100 of them were brought to a court in the capital and the judge sent all of them on 14-day judicial remand to Adiala Jail in neighbouring Rawalpindi.
But activists of Khan and Qadri already present in the court stopped the police vehicles carrying the prisoners.
The protesters deflated tyres of one van carrying more than 20 prisoners while several other vans steered out of the mob as police pushed them away to make way for the vehicles.
Islamabad police chief Tahir Alam rushed to the districts courts after the standoff and urged protesters to disperse.
But the mob refused to move away from the stranded vehicles which was surrounded by police. It is feared that the standoff may erupt into violence by angry protesters.
More than 14 rounds of talks have been held between the protesters and the government to find a way to break the political deadlock.
Both Khan and Qadri have been camping side by side in front of parliament to force Premier Sharif to resign, but he has firmly refused to step down.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Islamic State claims beheading of British ho...David Cameron
(Video entitled, "A Message…)
BAGHDAD: Islamic State militants fighting in Iraq and Syria released a video on Saturday which purported to show the beheading of British aid worker David Haines.
Reuters could not immediately verify the footage. However, the images were consistent with that of the filmed executions of two American journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff , in the past month.
Haines, a 44-year-old father of two from Perth in Scotland, was kidnapped last year while working for the French agency ACTED.
The video entitled, "A Message to the Allies of America," opened with UK Prime Minister David Cameron talking about working with the Iraqi government and allied Kurdish Peshmerga forces to defeat Islamic State.
"This British man has to pay the price for your promise, Cameron, to arm the Peshmerga against the Islamic State," said a masked man dressed in black with a British accent, standing over Haines, who was shown kneeling and wearing an orange jumpsuit.
The video then showed the beheading of the kneeling man.
At the end of the video, another hostage, identified as Alan Henning, was shown and the masked man said he would be killed if Cameron continues to support the fight against Islamic State.
Cameron condemned the killing and said he would bring the killers to justice.
"This is a despicable and appalling murder of an innocent aid worker. It is an act of pure evil. My heart goes out to the family of David Haines who have shown extraordinary courage and fortitude throughout this ordeal," he said in a statement released by Downing Street.
"We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes."
In Washington, White House National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said she had no comment on the video and referred queries to the British government.
In the video, Haines also spoke, saying Cameron was responsible for his execution. "You entered voluntarily into a coalition with the United States against the Islamic State, just as your predecessor, Tony Blair, did," he said.
"Following a trend amongst our British Prime Ministers who can't find the courage to say no to the Americans. Unfortunately, it is we, the British public, that will in the end pay the price for our Parliament's selfish decisions."
Foley and Sotloff made similar speeches to US President Barack Obama which have been dismissed as scripted by Islamic State and delivered under duress.
The purported executioner appeared to be the same British-accented man who appeared in videos with Foley and Sotloff, and it showed a similar desert setting. In both videos, the captives wore orange jumpsuits.
HELPING VICTIMS
The United States resumed air strikes in Iraq in August for the first time since the withdrawal of the final US troops from the country in 2011.
The raids followed major gains by Islamic State, which has declared an Islamic Caliphate in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq.
Obama is now calling for a coalition of Western and Middle Eastern countries to fight Islamic State and has said the US intends to bomb Islamic State positions in Syria.
Britain has delivered humanitarian aid, carried out surveillance, given weapons to Kurds and promised training in Iraq. On military action, Britain supports US air strikes and Cameron has repeatedly said Britain itself has ruled nothing out except combat troops on the ground.
Haines' family appealed earlier on Saturday to his captors to respond to their messages.
"We are the family of David Haines," relatives said in a statement released by Britain's Foreign Office.
"We have sent messages to you to which we have not received a reply. We are asking those holding David to make contact with us."
Paris-based ACTED has previously said Haines had been engaged in humanitarian work since 1999, helping victims of conflicts in the Balkans, Africa and the Middle East and that he was taken hostage in March 2013 in Syria.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Spectrum trade guidelines by December: Ravi Shankar PrasadSpectrum trade guidelines by December: Ravi Shankar Prasad
Sunday ET | What made Scots merge with UK 30...You are here: Home > Collections > Scotland
What made Scotland agree to a merger with England 300 years ago? Prospects of growing rich in India
Vikram Doctor, ET Bureau Sep 14, 2014, 04.07AM IST
Tags:
Scotland
(Haggis was news because…)
Michael Currie, the chieftain of the Delhi Caledonian Society, which promotes Scottish connections and culture, knows of someone in Delhi who makes a proper haggis. This could be described as a primitive sausage made of sheep offal (liver, lungs, heart) mixed with oats and spices, stuffed in a sheep stomach and boiled. Haggis is one of the great symbols of Scotland and imperative on the menu at occasions like Burns Night, January 25, the birthday of national poet Robert Burns, or St Andrew's Day, November 30, the feast of Scotland's patron saint. But Currie can't tell how this Delhi haggis tastes. "I'm vegetarian," he says. "We get a version made with nuts, lentils and vegetables." It sounds like oats uppuma. The Times of India (ToI) on November 13, 1897 described haggis in detail, including recipes using lamb offal, calf 's head and even a sweet version, but not vegetarian. The haggis then served in Bombay came in cans from Scotland, and on October 27, 1928, ToI reported happily that frozen haggis had arrived just in time.
Haggis was news because St Andrew's Day was a big event across India. Its timing meant it kicked off the 'cold season' when much of the work, and partying, in British India got done. It was the rare chance for the predominantly English government officials to meet the predominantly Scottish merchants and hear their concerns. Above all, it was a chance for Scots to show their numbers and power. In 1868 Sir Charles Dilke had written how "from Dunedin to Bombay, for every Englishman that you meet who has worked himself to wealth from small beginnings without external aid, you find ten Scotchmen. It is strange, indeed, that Scotland has not become the popular term for the United Kingdom."
Visions of an Empire
Dilke's words might seem ironic in a week when Scotland might vote to end that United Kingdom. A thwarted desire for empire was why Scotland had assented to the 1707 union of parliaments of the two countries, which is essentially what the current referendum seeks to end. And the empire the British offered was the glue that got them to stay in it. It is a story that starts, like many Scottish stories, with disaster and drink. The disaster was the Darien scheme, an ambitious attempt for Scotland to grow abroad as other European countries were doing in the 17th century. Scotland was technically independent then, only joined to England by a common monarch, but in practice found itself marginalized by powerful English interests, like the East India Company (EIC).
The EIC was then rapidly expanding its control in India and perhaps this persuaded Scottish leaders they needed their own colonies. Without access to foreign funds, they raised what they could within Scotland and picked the Gulf of Darien in Panama as the place from where to build a Scottish empire. But the expeditions that sailed, in 1698 and 1699, almost instantly failed in the hot, malarial climate, and this wiped out a large chunk of Scotland's wealth. This dire financial situation pushed the Scottish elites into considering an offer of union with England.
The English offer came from the events of 1688 when the strongly Protestant country deposed King James II for being Catholic, and put his daughter Mary, and her Dutch husband William on the throne. James's supporters, the Jacobites, kept plotting to regain control and since the royal family was Scottish ( James's grandfather, James VI of Scotland, succeeded Elizabeth I as James I of England) one way would have been to invade Scotland and claim its throne. When Mary's sister Anne became Queen in 1702 the English government decided to secure the throne by merging the kingdoms.
  Ship to India
Some nobles benefitted from the Union, but it was very unpopular with most Scots. The English at first mostly ignored Scottish discontent, but events like the tax riots of 1725 forced their attention. The tax was on malt, the basic ingredient in beer and whisky, which was hitting Scots where it hurt. The furious reaction made Sir Robert Walpole, the prime minister, realize appeasement was needed — and India was the answer. "It was to be bribery, but there were few lay or ecclesiastical preferments in Scotland to spread around. Only the abundance of EIC favours saved the day," writes George K McGilvary, in his paper "The Scottish Connection with India, 1725-1833".

Sharp swings in rainfall patterns may become...Floods in Uttarakhand
(The effects of sharp swings…)
What caused the Jammu and Kashmir ( J&K) floods over the past two weeks? Even as monsoon over the whole of India was still in deficit to the extent of 11% from what is considered 'normal' by meteorologists as of September 10, the rainfall in J&K was 16% above the normal since the beginning of the monsoon season.
Comparisons are already being made with the heavy flooding in Uttarakhand in June last year, which also resulted in major loss of life, as well as episodes of flash flooding in Leh in 2010.
And even as flooding occurs in J&K, just a little further south, in Punjab, Haryana and western Uttar Pradesh, rainfall is as little as half of what would be considered normal in a number of districts. Recent research on different aspects of the monsoon has raised the prospect that the rainfall patterns could be increasingly uncertain in coming years.
Western Disturbance
Meteorologists feel that broadly similar processes lie behind the extreme weather in J&K and the devastating floods in Uttarakhand last year. In both cases, the monsoon rainfall system moving from east to west essentially interacted with a quite different rainfall system, unrelated to the monsoon, which meteorologists call a 'western disturbance'.
Such disturbances are usually prevalent over north India during the winter and the pre-monsoon season and originate in the Mediterranean or the Atlantic Ocean. In the case of the Uttarakhand disaster, a western disturbance bearing rain and moving from west to east essentially locked or collided over the Uttarakhand region with a monsoon rainfall system moving in the opposite direction. The combined effect of the two was to produce a massive burst of rain within a very short time. A similar event happened a few days ago and this time the point of 'collision' was over J&K.
"Neither system was enough to produce such large amounts of rainfall on its own," says GP Sharma, a meteorologist with Skymet, a private sector weather forecasting service. "But when the two interacted, each essentially accentuated the effect of the other."
The rainfall over the course of the current season has been highly variable. It started off on a weak note with June recording an all-India deficit of 43%. During July, the rainfall picked up, only to weaken again during the second week of August. It then picked up again.
While this zigzag pattern in the monsoon alternating between 'dry' and 'wet' spells has been widely pointed to, recent research by scientists Deepti Singh and others at Stanford, and published in the journal Nature Climate Change in April this year, has confirmed, and added to, what meteorologists knew earlier:
that while, on the one hand, average rainfall during the July-August season over the 'core monsoon' region (essentially a belt stretching across central India from west to east) has decreased since the '50s, rainfall on a daily scale has become much more volatile than earlier. The number of dry and wet spells, when the monsoon is below and above average, has essentially increased in the past few decades.
Further, the wet spells are getting wetter, and dry spells, such as the ones we have seen this season, have been getting longer. "During this season we have also seen big breaks in the rainfall pattern," says Sulochana Gadgil, a meteorologist with the Indian Institute of Science. "The cloud banks which typically move beyond the core monsoon zone during the monsoon season have not moved too much beyond peninsular India."
Making it Worse
But even as the monsoon has become more uncertain, the effects of sharp swings in the rainfall patterns on human habitation and the environment could well become stronger in the future.
In both J&K and Uttarakhand, deforestation and the destruction of natural tree cover could well have played their part in worsening the situation. Forests and natural grasslands act as a kind of sponge absorbing rain and then release it slowly over time. Remove forest cover and the rain simply runs off the surface of the land without being absorbed by it.
Further, since the soil has not absorbed the moisture it actually becomes dryer during the non-monsoon months. "What we are seeing is consistent with the expectation that the effects of rainfall and flooding have been worsened by environmental destruction," says TR Shankar Raman, an ecologist with the Nature Conservation Foundation, Mysore.
So even as rainfall patterns have become more uncertain, environmental destruction has made the effect of those patterns on the landscape and human settlements more destructive as well.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The smarthome is heading fast towards a mass-market reality#smarthome #smart home #ifa 2014 #google #microsoft #lg #internet of things
It's long been the stuff of science fiction, but tech giants hope the "smarthome", where gadgets talk to each other and the fridge orders the milk, will soon become reality.
The futuristic vision of wireless domestic bliss that puts people and their smartphones or tablets at the centre of an "Internet of Things" was a key theme at this year's IFA consumer electronics fair in Berlin.
Industry titans such as Google, Samsung and Apple have been battling for an early lead in the race to create the Internet-connected household, a market they expect to grow into the next multi-billion-dollar tech revolution.
It's long been the stuff of science fiction, but tech giants hope the "smarthome" will soon become reality.
The smarthome is heading "towards a mass-market reality", said Lisa Arrowsmith of market research firm IHS.
The new driving force, she said, is "the rise of the smartphone and its role as a common user interface to allow remote and in-home control of devices such as thermostats, smart plugs or security systems".
Talk of creating the "automated home" has been around since at least the 1980s, but was hobbled by technical hurdles, from tangled cables to costly interfaces and compatibility problems between appliance manufacturers.
Now the dream is back with a vengeance as companies foresee a world of synced devices, where motorists remotely switch on the heating as they drive home, and holidaymakers watch over their houses from the beach with security camera footage.
At the IFA in Berlin, South Korea's Samsung presented its 2020 vision of the "house of the future", replete with a hologram chef who gives step-by-step cooking instructions, and digital sports coaches that keep an eye on your morning workout.
"For many it's still just a vision, but change is coming and it's coming fast," promised Samsung Electronics co-CEO Boo-Keun "BK" Yoon.
"Just remember how quickly, in just a few years, smartphones and tablets have changed our lives."
'Internet of Things'
To add innovation muscle to its smart home push, Samsung in August bought the US start-up SmartThings, which is developing apps to link up electric devices and household appliances, for a reported 200 million dollars (155 million euros).
The move came after Google in January paid a jaw-dropping 3.2 billion dollars for Nest Labs, which makes fire alarms and sophisticated thermostats that save energy and can detect whether people are at home or out.
"The Internet of Things is the breakthrough that was needed to make the smart home possible," said Annette Zimmermann of IT research and advisory company Gartner Research.
Last year some 17 million home automation devices were sold, according to analysts at ABI Research, which predicts their number will top half a billion units by 2018.
Big industry players are now battling to establish the dominant platform for the intelligent home.
Among them is Microsoft, which has already entered living rooms with its Xbox game console that can sense movement and speech via its Kinect system and is designed as a hub for online activity.
Apple recently presented the HomeKit, a platform to connect compatible devices and a space where software developers can create the necessary applications.
"Competition is fierce because the market is wide open," said Julien De Preaumont, marketing director of Withings, a pioneer in France that makes Internet-connected bathroom scales, home surveillance systems and other devices.
"Consumers are adopting new products, and it is their practices which will determine the future."
Electronics makers must still overcome consumer scepticism and convince people to part ways with their dumb toaster and dishwasher to embrace a life of total connectivity.
Some worry about the privacy implications of the massive online data streams that would control and monitor virtually every aspect of their lives, from the food in their fridge to the laundry in their washing machine.
"The issue of data protection is going to be a huge one," said Zimmermann, "obviously even more so because we have very different privacy laws from one continent to another."

Scientists capture the sound of an atom  open a new door into the quantum world#atom #quantum physics #sound of atom #chalmers university of technology
London: For the first time, scientists have used sound to 'talk' to an artificial atom, demonstrating a curious phenomenon in quantum physics that sees sound waves take on the role of light.
The interaction between atoms and light is well known and has been studied extensively in the field of quantum optics. However, to achieve the same kind of interaction with sound waves has been a more challenging undertaking. The researchers at the Chalmers University of Technology in Sweden have now succeeded in making acoustic waves couple to an artificial atom.
"We have opened a new door into the quantum world by talking and listening to atoms," said Per Delsing, head of the experimental research group.
On the right, an artificial atom generates sound waves consisting of ripples on the surface of a solid. The sound, known as a surface acoustic wave (SAW) is picked up on the left by a "microphone" composed of interlaced metal fingers. According to theory, the sound consists of a stream of quantum particles, the weakest whisper physically possible. The illustration is not to scale. (Philip Krantz, Krantz NanoArt)
"Our long term goal is to harness quantum physics so that we can benefit from its laws, for example in extremely fast computers. We do this by making electrical circuits which obey quantum laws, that we can control and study," said Delsing. An artificial atom is an example of such a quantum electrical circuit. Just like a regular atom, it can be charged up with energy which it subsequently emits in the form of a particle.
This is usually a particle of light, but the atom in the Chalmers experiment is instead designed to both emit and absorb energy in the form of sound.
"According to the theory, the sound from the atom is divided into quantum particles," said Martin Gustafsson, the research article's first author.
"Such a particle is the weakest sound that can be detected," said Gustafsson.
Since sound moves much slower than light, the acoustic atom opens entire new possibilities for taking control over quantum phenomena.
"Due to the slow speed of sound, we will have time to control the quantum particles while they travel. This is difficult to achieve with light, which moves 100,000 times more quickly," said Gustafsson.
The low speed of sound also implies that it has a short wavelength compared to light. An atom that interacts with light waves is always much smaller than the wavelength. However, compared to the wavelength of sound, the atom can be much larger, which means that its properties can be better controlled, researchers said.
For example, one can design the atom to couple only to certain acoustic frequencies or make the interaction with the sound extremely strong.
The frequency used in the experiment is 4.8 gigahertz, close to the microwave frequencies common in modern wireless networks.
In musical terms, this corresponds approximately to about 20 octaves above the highest note on a grand piano. The study appears in the journal Science.

Judicial freedom sacred for NDA govt: Prasadministers (government)
His remark comes in the context of CJI Lodha’s observation earlier in the day that efforts to take away judiciary's independence will not succeed.
Pointing out that most members of the present Union Cabinet came of age during the JP movement of the mid-seventies when they also fought for restoration of the judiciary’s independence, Law Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said this aspect was ``sacred and sacrosanct’’ for the National Democratic Alliance Government.
"We fought in the Emergency for three reasons - individual freedom, media freedom and independence of judiciary. In the seventies, the judiciary's independence was under severe threat. Therefore, we have suffered for the cause of the judiciary,’’ he said.
Interacting with news persons on the Communications and IT Ministry’s report card after the first 100 days, Mr. Prasad said he would not take questions on the Law & Justice Ministry which is also under his charge. But, he would make his views known on independence of the judiciary in the context of Chief Justice of India R M Lodha’s observation earlier in the day that efforts to take away judiciary's independence will not succeed.
The Minister said his observation about the Government’s highest regard for the judiciary was made with a ``deep sense of commitment and conviction’’ since Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Ministers such as Sushma Swaraj, Rajnath Singh, Arun Jaitley and himself had participated in the JP movement and the subsequent declaration of emergency for three aims which included independence of the judiciary.

This is no time to criticise  we should come together to resolve the crisis  says PDP cheif MehboobaGovernment to train IAS, IPS, IFoS officers in dealing with Naxalism 3 hours 33 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Govt cuts power  water to squatting netas housesGovt cuts power, water to squatting netas’ houses
Moushumi Das Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 13, 2014
First Published: 21:43 IST(13/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:18 IST(14/9/2014)
Comments
The government on Saturday disconnected power and water connections to the houses of around 30 former MPs and cabinet ministers who have refused to vacate their plush bungalows in spite of several eviction notices.
The extreme step affected around two dozen ex-MPs across party lines, including former cabinet ministers Ajit Singh and Jitendra Singh, and former Jharkhand chief minister Babulal Marandi.
As a result of the move —carried out by the New Delhi Municipal Council under orders from the urban development ministry — around 15 former MPs moved out by Saturday evening, NDMC chairperson Jalaj Srivastava told HT.
Former MPs whose power and water lines were snapped include Congress’ Vijay Inder Singla, Mohd. Azharuddin, Avtar Singh Bhadana, who has since left the party, CPI (M)’s Khagen Das, BJP’s BY Raghavendra, son of former Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyuruppa, and former prime minister Chandra Shekhar’s son Neeraj Sekhar.
“Till Saturday evening, we disconnected supply to 27 of the bungalows. Power and water supply will not be restored till new occupants move in,” said Srivastava. The step to disconnect power and water lines is the first in over a decade.
Ministry sources said the unprecedented decision was taken after the Lok Sabha House Committee — which allots bungalows and flats to MPs — and the UD ministry, which allots houses to cabinet ministers, met earlier this week to review the status of government accommodation yet to be vacated.
 “Former MPs and ministers were asked to vacate their official accommodation by June 5. We gave them several extensions but 30 of them continued to overstay, leaving us no other option,” said a government official involved with the eviction drive.
Getting former ministers and MPs to vacate their bungalows has become a big worry for the government. Last week, RLD leader and former aviation minister Ajit Singh’s supporters blocked an eviction attempt by surrounding the 12 Tughlaq Road bungalow, not letting the team in. The UD ministry team was forced to beat a hasty retreat.
The government last resorted to a forceful eviction in 2009 after Republican Party of India chief Ramdas Athawale failed to vacate his Lodhi Estate bungalow despite several notices. Eviction officers from the UD ministry went to Athawale’s residence and forcibly removed all his belongings from the house.

Rajnath  Advani pay tributes toAvaidyanathPrint
Written by Lalmani Verma | Gorakhpur | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:28 am
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and senior BJP leader L K Advani on Saturday reached Gorakhnath temple to pay tribute to former BJP MP and head priest of Gorakhnath Peeth Mahant Avaidyanath who died Friday night after prolonged illness.
Significantly, no senior leader of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) came to the Hindu shrine where the body of Avaidyanath, a leader of Ram Janmabhoomi movement, was kept.
RSS’s Gorakash prant pracharak Mukesh and prant sanghchalak U P Singh were the only two leaders from the outfit who visited the temple.
From the VHP, only three members were present — Swami Chinmayanand, member of VHP margdarshak mandal; central secretary Rajendra Singh Pankaj; and organisation secretary Dinesh.
Talking to mediapersons, Advani said Avaidyanath’s demise was a loss to the nation. “Avaidyanathji had done several great works in the interest of nation, like his work towards the building of Ram temple. We will take ahead these great works,” he said.
Nearly two lakh followers from different parts of UP and across the border from Nepal also arrived at the shrine.
The police had put up diversions in the city to control traffic around the temple. Markets and several schools in the city remained closed.

Pappu Yadav assails BJP for playing politics in name of  love jihadApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Government servant can t claim right to privacy  says ex-SC judgePrint
PTI | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 13, 2014 9:27 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 9:28 pm
Without naming the beleaguered CBI chief Ranjit Sinha, former Supreme Court judge G S Singhvi on Saturday said a government servant cannot always claim right to privacy.
Sinha, who is facing the heat currently over disclosure of names in visitors’ logbook allegedly maintained at his residence, had called it invasion of his privacy.
“I would not comment upon merit of case because it is sub-judice before the Supreme Court… He is an eminent holder of an eminent position in public life… Some people are visiting the gentleman… Some recording has been made at the gate of his residence and somebody has been successful in getting document regarding the entries,” Singhvi said.
“Now his claims of right to privacy… One does not know what would be the claims of his privacy… but I have an apprehension that if an important government position holder can do it today… Tomorrow a terrorist organisation operating within the country can make similar claims,” he added.
Singhvi, who was delivering Justice P D Desai memorial lecture on ‘Right to Privacy: Justifiability of Interference by Print media, Electronic media and Social media’ at the Gujarat Law Society here today, did not name Sinha though. The judge, who retired from the apex court last year, further said, “If the legislature tried to enact a law involving the privacy of an individual, it would restrict the functioning of the media.”
Now his claims of right to privacy... One does not know what would be the claims of his privacy... but I have an apprehension that if an important government position holder can do it today... Tomorrow a terrorist organisation operating within the country can make similar claims

Saradha terror link: West Bengal BJP wants Rajnath Singh to launch probeApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Flood waters in Jammu and Kashmir recede  health worries mountApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Leaders mourn Avaidyanath deathUpdated: September 14, 2014 02:20 IST
Leaders mourn Avaidyanath death
death
Prominent leaders, including Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Uttar Pradesh Governor Ram Naik, Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav, Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Saturday have condoled the death of the former MP Mahant Avaidyanath.
In his condolence message, Mr. Modi said: “He will be remembered for his patriotic zeal and determined efforts to serve society.”
Mr. Naik recalled his old association with the Mahant as a former member of the Lok Sabha.
The Governor said the late leader played a very active role in development of Gorakhpur.
Mr. Akhilesh Yadav extended his heart-felt sympathies to his followers. Similarly, Mulayam Singh Yadav said the Mahant always worked for the welfare of society without discrimination between castes and creeds. With his death, an era has come to an end, he added.
Avaidyanath, also a former MLA, was admitted to Medanta Hospital in Gurgaon. He passed away at the Peeth hospital in Gorakhpur, where he was admitted after being brought from Gurgaon on Friday evening.
Avaidyanath, former chief priest of Gorakhpur’s famous Gorakhnath temple, was also the guru of Yogi Adityanath, current MP from the city and BJP’s firebrand leader who is in the news for his campaign against “love jihad”.
Avaidyanath was elected MLA from Maniram Assembly segment in Gorkhpur five times — 1962, 1967, 1969, 1974 and 1977, while he won his first Lok Sabha poll from Gorakhpur as an Independent in 1970.
He again won this seat in 1989 as a Hindu Mahasabha candidate and later as BJP nominee in 1991 and 1996 before he stepped aside for his protégé Yogi Adityanath from Gorakhpur.

Inside a cramped rescue chopper  with no time to haltA rescue chopper is loaded with ration. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:56 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 9:23 am
Helicopters have not stopped hovering over the Valley for the past five days. Operating from a lawn converted into a temporary helipad in Badami Bagh cantonment, the choppers relentlessly engage in airlifting stranded civilians, dropping relief material and ensuring evacuation from inaccessible points.
We board one of these rescue helicopters to figure out what it takes to reach those in need.
Two advanced light helicopters (ALHs) land at the Alpha Mess helipad with ready-to-eat meals, water cans, medicines and emergency ration. They don’t stop the engine because there is not much time to halt. Two Cheetah helicopters hover above, waiting for the ALHs to take off. It is about noon and the ALH has already operated for three hours. It’s now time to leave for Manasbari to refuel.
(hover the mouse for data)
Inside the chopper, it smells like a general store — it has been carrying kerosene, sunflower oil, food, water and other ration. A winch is attached beneath to lift stranded people or lower heavy supplies.
At Manasbari, the crew fill the helicopter with aviation turbine fuel. An Army personnel says, “We fill about 800 kg of ATF, which lasts about three hours. Each of these choppers has been doing almost 50 sorties per day, dropping about 15,000 kg of ration.”
The ALHs are operated by two pilots and seven crew members. In the Valley, each of these helicopters — 15 Mi-17s, four ALHs and 11 Cheetahs — have been flying for 14-15 hours a day.
The next stop is J&K light infantry centre, the heart of the supply operation. As soon as the helicopter lands, doors open and five men load the cabin with a water pump, three hose pipes, hundreds of IRCTC water bottles and a few jute bags. The chopper is now cramped. There are three crew members but no seats.
Once again, the chopper takes off. Over the city, people wave flags and shout to grab attention. “Patient here, need help,” reads one sign. They latch on to anything the choppers drop, holding on to the rooftops with the other hand.
The helicopters get as low as possible to drop bread, ration and items. After distributing the ration, the ALH returns to the Alpha Mess lawn.
Its day is not over yet. The ALH soon takes to skies once again — this time loaded with people to drop elsewhere.

Three cousins take 354-km journey to rescue aunt  nieceIn a village on the outskirts of Srinagar on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:50 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 4:51 am
A four-day journey across 354 km, undertaken by three cousins, is what it took to save their aunt and niece trapped in Jawahar Nagar, where flood water had reached the 25-foot mark.
On Sunday afternoon, Shahida Parveen, a teacher, called her relatives in Baramulla to tell them that flood water had reached the second flood of her three-storey house. “My aunt was pleading for help. I told her to take shelter on the roof. After that, the phones went dead. I called two of my cousins and we decided to go to Srinagar the next day,” said Shaviaz Ahmad, a government official.
On Monday, after travelling 50 km, they had to return from the outskirts as “there was water everywhere”.
On Tuesday, they left for the city again, but had to stop to spend the night in Pattan — 27 km before Srinagar — as the national highway had been closed off. “On Wednesday, we took a longer route and reached Siobagh in Budgam. The locals did not allow us to cross the bridge as it was not safe for traffic. We had to return again,” said Iqbal Ahmad, an accountant.
Despite this, the cousins did not lose hope. On Thursday, they left for Srinagar again. However, this time they took a longer route and  reached the old city by car. After a point, they had to walk 12 km to reach Jawahar Nagar, which was submerged.
Once there, the third cousin, Saquib, a lecturer, asked the Army for help. “After a lot of pleading, they allowed us to board the boat and we reached my aunt’s house. A window on the second storey was open; I used that to enter,’’ said Saquib.
Shahida was initially apprehensive to leave the house, but got on the boat with her 12-year-old daughter after the cousins persuaded her.
“I thought I will be buried under water. Around 50 neighbours had taken refuge in my house. When their houses started collapsing, we thought we will meet the same fate. The almighty saved us,’’ Shahida said.

Bypolls: Voting held for 3 LS  33 Assembly seatsAn elderly woman shows her inked finger outside a polling station after voting in the bypolls in Nagaon district of Assam on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:39 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 9:22 am
Moderate to high turnout on Saturday marked the byelections held in three Lok Sabha and 33 Assembly constituencies across several states in an exercise seen as yet another test of the Narendra Modi government’s popularity since assuming power in May. Polling was held peacefully across all states.
The three Lok Sabha bypolls are in Vadodara (Gujarat), Mainpuri (UP) and Medak (Telangana). Among the Assembly seats, nine in Gujarat, four in Rajasthan, two in West Bengal, five in Northeastern states and one each in Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh went to polls Saturday. Counting is scheduled for September 16.
Both of PM Modi former constituencies — Vadodara and Maninagar — registered comparatively low turnouts. The overall polling percentage was 50.
Maninagar Assembly seat, last represented by Modi as MLA, recorded the lowest polling at around 33.5 per cent while the Vadodara Lok Sabha seat saw about 43.5 per cent, compared to the 70 per cent in the LS polls in May.
In the Vadodara Lok Sabha and nine Assembly seats that went to bypolls, the average voter turnout was 50 per cent. The tribal Limkheda seat saw the highest voting at 64 per cent while Maninagar saw the lowest turnout.
More than 10,000 people residing in different flood-affected localities in Vadodara decided to boycott the election in protest against the apathy of the administration.
In UP, the byelections for 11 Assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat witnessed a turnout of 53.18 per cent and 56.40 per cent respectively.
Urban seats of Lucknow East and Noida saw the lowest voter turnout at 34 and 32.50 per cent respectively. Thakurdwara Assembly segment of Moradabad district witnessed the maximum voter turnout with 69 per cent voters. Mainpuri Lok Sabha seat, which was vacated by SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, saw a 56.40 per cent turnout.
In Chhattisgarh, the bypoll for the Antagarh Assembly seat in Maoist-hit Kanker district saw a drastic dip in polling percentage — from the 77 per cent recorded in the November 2013 polls to 49 per cent.
The byelection for the Manu (ST) Assembly seat in Tripura saw a record turnout. Joint Chief Electoral Officer Debasish Modak said: “Roughly 87 per cent voters exercised their franchise”.
Nearly 70 per cent polling was recorded in the byelection for three Assembly seats in Assam, to decide the fate of 25 contestants in Silchar, Lakhipur and Jamunamukh.
Over 65 per cent polling was reported in the bypoll for the Medak Lok Sabha seat in Telangana and the Nandigama (SC) Assembly seat in Andhra Pradesh, as polling came to a close at 6 pm.
A total of 66.30 per cent electorate cast their votes in bypolls to four Assembly seats in Rajasthan. Twenty-three candidates are in the fray for the Nasirabad (Ajmer), Weir (Bharatpur), Surajgarh (Jhunjhunu) and Kota South constituencies.
Voting in two Assembly constituencies that went to bypolls in West Bengal saw a slight dip in percentage. The turnout at Chowringhee was 47 per cent while Basirhat South recorded a turnout of 79.59 per cent. Overall turnout was 63 per cent.
(With inputs from Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Raipur, Lucknow & PTI)

Rajnath  Advani pay tributes to AvaidyanathPrint
Written by Lalmani Verma | Gorakhpur | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:28 am
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh and senior BJP leader L K Advani on Saturday reached Gorakhnath temple to pay tribute to former BJP MP and head priest of Gorakhnath Peeth Mahant Avaidyanath who died Friday night after prolonged illness.
Significantly, no senior leader of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) came to the Hindu shrine where the body of Avaidyanath, a leader of Ram Janmabhoomi movement, was kept.
RSS’s Gorakash prant pracharak Mukesh and prant sanghchalak U P Singh were the only two leaders from the outfit who visited the temple.
From the VHP, only three members were present — Swami Chinmayanand, member of VHP margdarshak mandal; central secretary Rajendra Singh Pankaj; and organisation secretary Dinesh.
Talking to mediapersons, Advani said Avaidyanath’s demise was a loss to the nation. “Avaidyanathji had done several great works in the interest of nation, like his work towards the building of Ram temple. We will take ahead these great works,” he said.
Nearly two lakh followers from different parts of UP and across the border from Nepal also arrived at the shrine.
The police had put up diversions in the city to control traffic around the temple. Markets and several schools in the city remained closed.

Vanavarayan Vallavarayan: Siamese tortureKreshna and Ma Ka Pa Anand in Vanavarayan Vallavarayan
TOPICS
Tamil cinema
Vanavarayan Vallavarayan borrows its name from the memorable characters played by Rajinikanth and Napoleon in Ejamaan (1993). Unfortunately, all similarities with that film end with this fact. Sure, this is a rural film, but while Rajini and Napoleon were arch enemies, the brothers Vanavarayan (Kreshna) and Vallavarayan (Ma Ka Pa Anand) are thick as thieves. They sleep on the same bed, legs entwined, they eat and drink together, and they go out together. When they do, they even ride together. It’s not always in the conventional rider-and-pillion manner that you probably imagine though. Sometimes, in a complicated manoeuvre, the pillion rider seamlessly moves forward to take control of the bike, while the rider slithers back to take the pillion. Even conjoined twins couldn’t be more together.
Much of the film is dedicated to their twin exploits — picking fights and/or drinking brandy. About the latter, you have to wonder if the choice of the brand is a cute reference to Ejamaan’s villain. As the movie progresses, you wait for that pivotal moment when the film will take a serious turn. Surely, once their bond is established, the next task is to test its strength with conflicts. It takes a long time coming, and when it comes, you don’t really care as much as you should. It’s not your fault though, for almost every scene is treated as an opportunity to evoke cheap laughs or throw in a punch line. When Vanavarayan is heartbroken after a fight with his girlfriend Anjali (Monal Gajjar), brother Vallavarayan decides it’s an opportune moment for a punch line. Hurt for his brother, he says that when in love “ponnunga vinnai thaandi varuvaalunga” and when not “vennaya thadavitu poiduvaalunga”. It’s so inappropriate you wonder if it’s a joke. It isn’t.
VANAVARAYAN VALLAVARAYAN

New electrons can lead to better computingApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Mars Orbiter Mission is in the pink of health: ISROApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Index ranks Japan Asia s most efficient innovator  India at 14Apple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Ban entry of Muslims in Garba events  says Pravin Togadia#pravin togadia #bhp #bjp #usha thakur #garba #muslims #tracking the modi government #hindu #love jihad
Ahmedabad: Echoing the views of a BJP MLA from Madhya Pradesh, firebrand VHP leader Pravin Togadia on Saturday said that Muslims must not be allowed inside the Garba events and insisted identity cards of each and every person be checked for participants in and visitors to such events.
"We must be alert so that not a single Muslim person can enter in our Garba festival. Identity cards of each and every person must be checked at every Garba event," Togadia said in Amreli town in Saurashtra.
He said, "Navratri is the festival of Mother Amba's prayers and worship, so we cannot allow beaf-eaters Muslims to enter into Garba places."
"We must be alert so that not a single Muslim person can enter in our Garba festival. Identity cards of each and every person must be checked at every Garba event," Togadia said.
BJP MLA in Madhya Pradesh Usha Thakur had recently asked party workers to ensure that Muslim youths are not allowed to enter Garba venues in her constituency, Indore (3), during the upcoming annual Navdurga festival alleging that Hindu girls are lured by them and converted to Islam as part of the "love jihad" to distort population ratio in the country.
Thakur, who is also state BJP vice-president, had said that she would soon be writing to all garba organisers in her constituency to allow only Hindu men inside the garba venues by making electoral photo-identity cards mandatory for entry.
Speaking about 'love jihad', Togadia said "we need to be alert about love jihad. If it is love, then where is the need of conversion?" Togadia said.
On Prime Minister Narendra Modi's offer of relief to flood-affected Pakistan occupied Kashmir (PoK), Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) Togadia said that tanks should be sent there along with relief materials.

Square raises money amid upheaval in payments market 
About the authors
Richard Waters has headed the FT's San Francisco bureau since 2002 and covers Google and Microsoft, among other things. A former New York bureau chief for the FT, he is intrigued by Silicon Valley's unique financial and business culture, and is looking forward to covering his second Tech Bust.
Chris Nuttall has been online and messing around with computers for more than 20 years. He reported from the FT's San Francisco bureau on semiconductors, video games, consumer electronics and all things interwebby from 2004 to 2013, before returning to London.
Tim Bradshaw is the FT's digital media correspondent, and has just moved from London to join our team in San Francisco. He has covered start-ups such as Twitter and Spotify, as well as the online ambitions of more established media companies, such as the BBC iPlayer. He also covers the advertising, marketing and video-game industries. Tim has been writing about technology, business and finance since 2003.
Robert Cookson is the FT's digital media correspondent in London. He covers digital enterprise in media, from the music industry to local newspapers and social networks such as Facebook and Twitter. A former Hong Kong markets correspondent, he is interested in the interplay between old media and new technologies.
Hannah Kuchler writes about technology and Silicon Valley from the FT's San Francisco bureau. She covers social media including Facebook and Twitter and the dark and mysterious world of cybersecurity. Hannah has worked for the FT in London, Hong Kong and New York, reporting on everything from British politics to the Chinese internet.
Sarah Mishkin in a correspondent in San Francisco, where she covers payments, e-commerce, and political news on the West Coast. Prior to California, she has worked as an FT reporter in New York, London, Abu Dhabi, Hong Kong, and most recently in Taiwan, where she covered Chinese internet companies, semiconductors, and tech supply chains.

Lack of relief fuels anger in J&KUpdated: September 14, 2014 01:53 IST
Lack of relief fuels anger in J&K
Zahid Rafiq
A volunteer delivers relief material to a flood victim in Srinagar on Saturday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
flood
Most hospitals in Srinagar are still non-functional
With the State government confirming the death of 14 children at G.B. Pant Hospital here on Saturday and the authorities still struggling with rescue-and-relief operations, anger is growing among the flood-affected people of Jammu and Kashmir.
While thousands of people are thankful to the Army for their rescue, many people here say the rescue operations have been selective, with tourists and their own people given priority.
The Army said their boats and helicopters were pelted with stones at many places.
Hospitals not functional
Most city hospitals are still not functional and the number of sick is rising.
With hundreds of animal carcasses floating in the stagnant floodwaters, the fear of an epidemic is rising.
Financial losses have run into crores as business establishments have been flooded and hundreds of houses have caved in.
“We have already lost our homes and if anything happens to our family members who are still missing after a week, we will take to the streets not as refugees but as protesters,” said a person in the Sanat Nagar relief camp.
The rescue-and-relief operation being carried out by the armed forces and the positive media coverage of them appear to have fuelled anger among the people.
A section of people feel that the media, while portraying the Army and the Indian Air Force as saviours, has blown the incidents of stone-throwing at the armed forces out of proportion and shown the people as ungrateful.
“They [Air Force] airdrop a carton of baby milk but it becomes a package of national integration as soon as we take it,” Bilal Ahmad Lone of Batamaloo told The Hindu.
Mr. Lone said people “think twice about accepting relief from the Army, though our stocks are drying up.”

Centre: People in J&K can talk for free in BSNL networkWatch: Actresses back Deepika Padukone after row over objectionable caption by a national daily on her picture
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Bypolls: Voting held for 3 LS  33 AssemblyseatsAn elderly woman shows her inked finger outside a polling station after voting in the bypolls in Nagaon district of Assam on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:39 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 9:22 am
Moderate to high turnout on Saturday marked the byelections held in three Lok Sabha and 33 Assembly constituencies across several states in an exercise seen as yet another test of the Narendra Modi government’s popularity since assuming power in May. Polling was held peacefully across all states.
The three Lok Sabha bypolls are in Vadodara (Gujarat), Mainpuri (UP) and Medak (Telangana). Among the Assembly seats, nine in Gujarat, four in Rajasthan, two in West Bengal, five in Northeastern states and one each in Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh went to polls Saturday. Counting is scheduled for September 16.
Both of PM Modi former constituencies — Vadodara and Maninagar — registered comparatively low turnouts. The overall polling percentage was 50.
Maninagar Assembly seat, last represented by Modi as MLA, recorded the lowest polling at around 33.5 per cent while the Vadodara Lok Sabha seat saw about 43.5 per cent, compared to the 70 per cent in the LS polls in May.
In the Vadodara Lok Sabha and nine Assembly seats that went to bypolls, the average voter turnout was 50 per cent. The tribal Limkheda seat saw the highest voting at 64 per cent while Maninagar saw the lowest turnout.
More than 10,000 people residing in different flood-affected localities in Vadodara decided to boycott the election in protest against the apathy of the administration.
In UP, the byelections for 11 Assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat witnessed a turnout of 53.18 per cent and 56.40 per cent respectively.
Urban seats of Lucknow East and Noida saw the lowest voter turnout at 34 and 32.50 per cent respectively. Thakurdwara Assembly segment of Moradabad district witnessed the maximum voter turnout with 69 per cent voters. Mainpuri Lok Sabha seat, which was vacated by SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, saw a 56.40 per cent turnout.
In Chhattisgarh, the bypoll for the Antagarh Assembly seat in Maoist-hit Kanker district saw a drastic dip in polling percentage — from the 77 per cent recorded in the November 2013 polls to 49 per cent.
The byelection for the Manu (ST) Assembly seat in Tripura saw a record turnout. Joint Chief Electoral Officer Debasish Modak said: “Roughly 87 per cent voters exercised their franchise”.
Nearly 70 per cent polling was recorded in the byelection for three Assembly seats in Assam, to decide the fate of 25 contestants in Silchar, Lakhipur and Jamunamukh.
Over 65 per cent polling was reported in the bypoll for the Medak Lok Sabha seat in Telangana and the Nandigama (SC) Assembly seat in Andhra Pradesh, as polling came to a close at 6 pm.
A total of 66.30 per cent electorate cast their votes in bypolls to four Assembly seats in Rajasthan. Twenty-three candidates are in the fray for the Nasirabad (Ajmer), Weir (Bharatpur), Surajgarh (Jhunjhunu) and Kota South constituencies.
Voting in two Assembly constituencies that went to bypolls in West Bengal saw a slight dip in percentage. The turnout at Chowringhee was 47 per cent while Basirhat South recorded a turnout of 79.59 per cent. Overall turnout was 63 per cent.
(With inputs from Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Raipur, Lucknow & PTI)

Gujarat snack kiosk serves fried rat  sealedPrint
Express News Service | Surat | Posted: September 13, 2014 8:42 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 4:44 am
A snack kiosk on Navsari railway station was sealed on Friday after a passenger found a fried rat along with a dish of pakoras he ordered.
A medical representative and resident of Ahmedabad, S M Arora, travelled to Navsari for his personal work few days ago. After finishing his work, he returned to Navsrai Railway station on Thursday and was waiting for Saurashtra express train on Platform no. 1.
Arora, bought a plate of pakoras from Swati Enterprise a catering enterprise on platform No.1. While eating he found a dead fried rat in the plate. He complained it to the stall employee. A heated exchange of words took place between them, following which, he went to station master A D Patel and lodged a complaint against Swati Enterprise and the catering stall owner.
The complaint was later transferred to Bela Meena Senior Divisional Commercial Manager (DCM) of Western Railway at Mumbai. Station Manager A D Patel also called health inspector from Surat to Navsari and the plate of pakoras was sealed and sent to Western Railway Catering and Monitoring cell, at Mumbai. By the orders of Sr. DCM, the catering stall was sealed by the railway officials of Mumbai.
Talking to the Indian Express Navsari Railway Station Manager A D Patel said, “We have sealed the plate and sent it to the Western Railway Catering and Monitoring Cell for further investigations. The Swati stall has been sealed, by the orders of higher officials. We are still awaiting the investigation report from the Catering department of Mumbai and later we will take strict legal action accordingly against the stall owner.”
Sources in Western Railway Catering and Monitoring cell at Mumbai said that they will call Arora to Mumbai and record his statements along with the statements of Navsari Railway Station Manager A D Patel, after the lab test of the pakora plate. The stall owner of Swati enterprise and his employee will also be called to Mumbai to record their statements which will be followed by further action.

Centre assures all assistance in rehabilitation work#jammu and kashmir #floods #jammu and kashmir floods #jitendra singh
Jammu: Union Minister Jitendra Singh on Saturday made an aerial survey of flood-hit areas of Pancheri, Saddal and Muttal in Udhampur district and assured the people of all the rehabilitation assistance from the Centre.
"I assure the people that the entire reconstruction and rehabilitation work will be carried out at government expense," Singh, Minister of State in the Prime Minister's Office, said.
He assured the District and Divisional Administration that there will be no dearth of relief material from the Centre.
After the completion of aerial survey, Singh distributed relief material to the victims and also convened a meeting of the District Administration at Udhampur.
However, he instructed the administration to make sure that the relief material being sent from New Delhi is promptly distributed to each and everyone who is affected.
Wherever the district administration finds itself hard pressed in terms of resources or budget, he said, the Centre will be forthcoming with all necessary assistance to rebuild the lost structures.
Singh also instructed the Administration that while all suitable medical aid is being provided, wherever there is a need to shift any of the flood-affected victims to a medical institute outside the state, he should be directly contacted and he will personally make sure that arrangements to shift such patients are made immediately free of cost.
After the completion of aerial survey, Singh distributed relief material to the victims and also convened a meeting of the District Administration at Udhampur.
The Udhampur MP issued clear-cut instructions that the administration should maintain a direct and regular contact with him.
"This is an emergent situation and has to be tackled in an emergent manner with a professional approach without unnecessary hassles," Singh said.

Pfizer  Ranbaxy win dismissal of lawsuit over generic cholesterol drug LipitorApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Around 274 people dead in Pakistan floodsPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 13, 2014 3:41 pm
At least 274 people have been killed and over two million affected in massive flooding triggered by heavy monsoon rains in Pakistan, officials said on Saturday.
The rains lashed vast areas of the country last week and since have stopped but the floods triggered by the heavy showers are still out of control.
Reema Zubari of National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) said in a statement that 194 people have been killed in Punjab, 66 in Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK) and another 14 in Gilgit-Baltistan region.
Over 2 million, majority of them in Punjab, were also affected by the floods.
The Chenab river is in high flood and raging down from central to south Punjab, leaving a trail of devastation.
The city of Multan has been saved after officials created several breaches in the protective embankments to divert the floods.
After Punjab, the flood is expected to hit southern province of Sindh by the weekend before going down into the Arabian sea.

Hackers accessed JPMorgan s servers but stole no money: ReportHackers accessed JPMorgan's servers but stole no money: Report
Reuters
Tweet
Boston, Sept 13:  
Hackers accessed dozens of servers at JPMorgan Chase & Co in a cyberattack launched in June, though no money was taken, the New York Times reported on Friday, citing people familiar with the investigation into the case.
"We are confident we have closed any known access points and prevented any future access in the same way," the paper quoted JPMorgan spokeswoman Kristin Lemkau as saying.
She added that the bank had "not seen any unusual fraud activity" since the intrusion was discovered and said there was no evidence that they have taken any proprietary software or had a blueprint of the bank's network, according to the Times.
JPMorgan disclosed late last month that it had been the victim of a cyberattack and was working with US law enforcement authorities to determine its scope.
The Times said the attack began in June, was detected in July and that the bank last week briefed financial regulators on the extent of the damage.
The report said that hackers accessed information on about 1 million customer accounts. It cited one source as saying that hackers had not gained access to financial information or social security numbers, and may have only been able to review names, addresses and phone numbers.
Bank spokeswoman Trish Wexler told Reuters she could not elaborate on Lemkau's statements to the paper or otherwise comment on the report.
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)

RBI must build forex reserve of $400 bn‘RBI must build forex reserve of $400 bn’
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 13:  
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will need to build a forex reserve of $400 billion, said Upasna Bhardwaj, Economist- Financial Markets, ING Vysya.
India currently has $317 billion in reserves. Speaking at a seminar on ‘Managing Foreign Exchange Risk’ conducted by Almus Risk Consulting in association with the National Stock Exchange in Mumbai, she said that at current levels of imports, this would amount to 10 months cover, which is considered a safe level of cushion to handle any volatility.
Asked about foreseeable risks to the rupee dollar rate, she said rising geopolitical tensions particularly with reference to Iraq may cause short-term problems.  But she pointed out that these are blips because even if fighting in Iraq spreads to southern parts of the country and affects oil supply, there is, currently, spare capacity among other countries in OPEC. 
Upasna said the timing and pace of withdrawal of liquidity injection by European Central Bank (which is just beginning) could be the other potential risk.
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Chit fund scam: CBI grills former Orissa AGMohantyPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:30 am
A day after his resignation was accepted by the Naveen Patnaik government, former Advocate General Ashok Mohanty on Saturday was grilled by CBI officials for over 90 minutes here, during which he reportedly said he had no knowledge of the background of chit fund group owner Pradip Sethy.
Mohanty, who claimed to have submitted his resignation in May after Naveen Patnaik was elected as CM for the fourth time, was grilled by CBI sleuths for buying a two-storey building in Cuttack in 2012. During the grilling, Mohanty denied allegations that he got the building from Pradip Sethy. “I haven’t got it free. I have paid Sethy Rs 1,01,00000 (one crore and one lakh) by cheque through my lone SBI bank account. I have handed over all papers to the CBI,” he said.

How online furniture selling ventures are fl...Thirty-year-old Vikram Chopra, cofounder of FabFurnish, admits that he does up to 10 interviews a day at times and that business is good.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
You know a company is doing well when the security at the reception pings visitors with this question: "Meeting or interview?" The rent-a-cop sitting in the Gurgaon headquarters of FabFurnish does exactly that, to each and every visitor. Thirty-year-old Vikram Chopra, cofounder of FabFurnish, admits that he does up to 10 interviews a day at times and that business is good. FabFurnish employs 160 people today. By March 2015, the company's rolls could be 300.
In Mumbai, Pepperfry co-founder and CEO Ambareesh Murty, just back from a work trip to Singapore, throws a piece of trivia at you. "The longest distance a piece of furniture sold by us has travelled is 2,664 km... from a workshop in Jodhpur in Rajasthan to a customer in Mizoram," says Murty. Here's another from the Pepperfry assortment of fun facts: "We sell a piece of furniture every 20 minutes." Back in Bangalore, Urban Ladder co-founder Ashish Goel says his company sells two hundred pieces of furniture a day. Urban Ladder is expected to double its head count to 200 employees by March 2015.
What do these three growing companies have in common? One, they are selling furniture online. Two, they began operations less than two and a half years ago, that is they are start-ups. And, three, they are very, very ambitious.
Dropouts & Empty Rooms
All paths lead to god, say theologists. The founders of these start-ups would most probably tweak that truism a little: all paths lead to furniture. Their founding stories bear that out. Murty and Ashish Shah (the other co-founder of Pepperfry) quit their jobs in ecommerce giant eBay where Murty was the India country head and Shah the head for eBay Motors (India and the Philippines) with the idea of starting their own e-commerce venture. Like seasoned professionals, they leaned back on their industry experience to arrive at the new idea.
"E-commerce has had three waves in developed markets," explains Murty. Wave one: "horizontals" like eBay and Amazon which got the bulk of their revenues from books, DVDs and electronics. Wave two was "vertical" fashion portals like Zappos. And wave three was home and furniture portals. "By end-2011, horizontal portals like Snapdeal, Flipkart and eBay were already established in India. We did not want to be the 3rd or 4th player. In the fashion space too, Myntra and a few other players were around," explains Murty. The "third wave" was yet to happen and so Pepperfry started shipping home products in January 2012.
Around the same time, six months into his course at Wharton, after being wowed by a visit to an IKEA store in the US, Vikram Chopra took a leave of absence from the Wharton Business School to start FabFurnish, which went live in March 2012. He hasn't gone back to B-school, yet. In late-2011 Goel and Rajiv Srivatsa (the other co-founder of Urban Ladder), who lived in adjacent rooms at IIM (Bangalore), decided to move back to the garden city after working in Delhi and Chennai. They wanted to start up too. Goel would visit Srivatsa in his apartment and always found it bare. "He had a tough time buying aestheticlooking furniture," recalls Goel.
Around the same time, Goel bought a dining table from a furniture store — a prominent brand. It turned out to be defective and the replacement took a painful six months. They saw an opportunity and Urban Ladder was born in July 2012, seven months after Pepperfry went live.
Page 1 of 4

How marketers can build brands without spend...(Red Bull sales went up past…)
By Mahesh Murthy
A little less than two years ago, Austrian skydiver Felix Baumgartner jumped from a hot air balloon 39 km above the earth. He didn't just change sky diving records — he also changed marketing directors' notions on how to build brands. Baumgartner's jump was conceptualized, paid for and managed by energy-drink company Red Bull. Organising it cost less than $15 million, but it was aired for free on 40 TV networks in 50 countries, set YouTube viewership records globally and generated at least $150 million worth of adequivalent publicity for Red Bull.
But it wasn't just visibility. Red Bull sales went up past the $5-billion mark and profits rose too — remember you pay Rs 95 for Red Bull's 200-ml canto and Rs 20 for Coke's 330-ml. All this while Red Bull spent next to nothing on ads or media, and is the dominant leader in energy drinks with four times Coke's market share.
Spain-based retailer Zara does even better. It's grown to $20 billion in sales and the largest apparel brand in the world, but you'll never see its ads in the glossies or on TV. This is because it has never needed to advertise.
The story is more common online. Dominant brands like Google, Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp have never needed to advertise. Quick, when did you ever see an ad for them? In fact, WhatsApp at the time of its sale to Facebook (for $19 billion) said it didn't even have a marketing person on the rolls.
Ad Spend and Brand Health
This is the new age of brand building. Smart marketers have figured out that they can grow top line and profits without having to spend much on ads and media, if they have the insight and intuition on how to be remark-worthy so that the public gets to talk about them and do the job that otherwise expensive 20-second commercials do.
And in every case — contrary to marketing consultant Kotler and the outdated norms of "shareof-voice" and "share-of-spend" — dominant brands have spent much less than the No. 2 and stragglers.
Ralph Lauren and Calvin Klein, a fraction of Zara's size, outspend it to no avail. Bing spent a huge amount on ads but couldn't budge Google a bit. Closer home, WeChat enlisted Bollywood stars and big budgets but didn't deter WhatsApp even the slightest.
Some Indian brands have learnt the art: Red-Bus — caveat, I was an investor here — grew to eight times' MakeMyTrip's size in bus ticketing without spending a dime on TV or print. CarWale — again an investee — grew past better funded competition by choosing not to burn their funding on expensive ads. Increasingly, a big ad spend is not a sign of brand health, but of brand illness. If your brand needs to pay to be on media and can't earn its way there by its own remark-worthiness, then you're simply not being smart enough.
As I'm fond of saying, your advertising budget is inversely proportional to your marketing IQ. What can you do to change this? Start by recognising the enemy. Consider this example.
Say I was a doctor and I didn't really charge much of a fee for my prescriptions but instead took a kickback on the drugs I asked you to buy. Of course, I'd prescribe as much as I could get away with — but very soon you wouldn't trust me one bit.
So why would you trust the agency system that works exactly this way? We spend Rs 35,000 crore on media every year — that's about Rs 3,500 crore in undeclared kickbacks to media agencies above and beyond the fees that you give them. Remember it's called an agency because it's an agent. Creative agencies are the other half of the problem. When they can charge Rs 2 crore for a TV commercial and Rs 2 lakh for one on YouTube, you can imagine which one they recommend. Even though the viewership of YouTube or mobile video far eclipses that of every other TV channel in India.
  Doing it Differently
The answer to everything is not to go digital — thought that's certainly a step. It's pointless to buy likes on Facebook, and more pointless to pay for visibility there. Smart brands will work to get it for free.
What it comes down to is this: can you find a way of being talked about by people? Start with the offering itself — how different or delight-inspiring can your product or service be? Decathlon has grown to lead sports goods retail in India without hiring a celeb athlete or paying ESPN. This is because the stores are remark-worthy. If the product isn't talk-worthy, can you create a buzz around it? Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), an unknown disease, made headlines with the ice bucket challenge that went from mouth to mouth and head to head. Cadbury Dairy Milk won the last IPL without being a sponsor — by out-smarting and not outspending Pepsi, which was.
There's a free media network that covers a few billion people called word of mouth. If you're smart, you can consistently use it to win the market. If you're not, well there are a bunch of agencies waiting to take your money.
The writer is a marketing expert and venture capitalist
FEATURED ARTICLES

It s a puzzle for beaten Liverpool F.C. without missing piecesApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Lionel Messi-Neymar show sinks BilbaoApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Bypolls: Voting held for 3 Lok Sabha  33 AssemblyseatsAn elderly woman shows her inked finger outside a polling station after voting in the bypolls in Nagaon district of Assam on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:39 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 9:22 am
Moderate to high turnout on Saturday marked the byelections held in three Lok Sabha and 33 Assembly constituencies across several states in an exercise seen as yet another test of the Narendra Modi government’s popularity since assuming power in May. Polling was held peacefully across all states.
The three Lok Sabha bypolls are in Vadodara (Gujarat), Mainpuri (UP) and Medak (Telangana). Among the Assembly seats, nine in Gujarat, four in Rajasthan, two in West Bengal, five in Northeastern states and one each in Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh went to polls Saturday. Counting is scheduled for September 16.
Both of PM Modi former constituencies — Vadodara and Maninagar — registered comparatively low turnouts. The overall polling percentage was 50.
Maninagar Assembly seat, last represented by Modi as MLA, recorded the lowest polling at around 33.5 per cent while the Vadodara Lok Sabha seat saw about 43.5 per cent, compared to the 70 per cent in the LS polls in May.
In the Vadodara Lok Sabha and nine Assembly seats that went to bypolls, the average voter turnout was 50 per cent. The tribal Limkheda seat saw the highest voting at 64 per cent while Maninagar saw the lowest turnout.
More than 10,000 people residing in different flood-affected localities in Vadodara decided to boycott the election in protest against the apathy of the administration.
In UP, the byelections for 11 Assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat witnessed a turnout of 53.18 per cent and 56.40 per cent respectively.
Urban seats of Lucknow East and Noida saw the lowest voter turnout at 34 and 32.50 per cent respectively. Thakurdwara Assembly segment of Moradabad district witnessed the maximum voter turnout with 69 per cent voters. Mainpuri Lok Sabha seat, which was vacated by SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, saw a 56.40 per cent turnout.
In Chhattisgarh, the bypoll for the Antagarh Assembly seat in Maoist-hit Kanker district saw a drastic dip in polling percentage — from the 77 per cent recorded in the November 2013 polls to 49 per cent.
The byelection for the Manu (ST) Assembly seat in Tripura saw a record turnout. Joint Chief Electoral Officer Debasish Modak said: “Roughly 87 per cent voters exercised their franchise”.
Nearly 70 per cent polling was recorded in the byelection for three Assembly seats in Assam, to decide the fate of 25 contestants in Silchar, Lakhipur and Jamunamukh.
Over 65 per cent polling was reported in the bypoll for the Medak Lok Sabha seat in Telangana and the Nandigama (SC) Assembly seat in Andhra Pradesh, as polling came to a close at 6 pm.
A total of 66.30 per cent electorate cast their votes in bypolls to four Assembly seats in Rajasthan. Twenty-three candidates are in the fray for the Nasirabad (Ajmer), Weir (Bharatpur), Surajgarh (Jhunjhunu) and Kota South constituencies.
Voting in two Assembly constituencies that went to bypolls in West Bengal saw a slight dip in percentage. The turnout at Chowringhee was 47 per cent while Basirhat South recorded a turnout of 79.59 per cent. Overall turnout was 63 per cent.
(With inputs from Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Raipur, Lucknow & PTI)

Paulson attacks AngloGold spin-off plan© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/468e7548-39bc-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Quartz Weekend BriefApples comeback  reinventing breast pumps  fixing Iraq  Scottish aristocratsQuartz Staff
September 12, 2014
Since Steve Jobs died in 2011, the question surrounding Apple has been: Is its incredible run about to end? Once Tim Cook’s engineers and designers exhausted Jobs’ final product roadmap, would Apple slump into inevitable decline?
At this week’s  massive unveiling event  in California, complete with private U2 concert, the company answered convincingly “no.” Its big, new iPhones are arguably its most handsome yet. Its mobile-payments system will launch in the US with unprecedented support, including deals with the biggest credit-card companies and banks. And the company placed arguably its biggest bet since the original iPhone in 2007: the Apple Watch, a hybrid device that combines utility with fashion.
The watch is a bold call that the future of computing is beautiful, intimate, and wearable—or that the future of wrist jewelry is in its chipset. It signals that Apple can still innovate; it’s been praised both  for its watch qualities and its gadget qualities .
However, whether it will become a giant hit is something we won’t know until it goes on sale next year. The iPad too  had its skeptics  at first, until the sales figures silenced them.
What if the watch is only a modest success, or worse, a flop? That may re-energize Cook’s naysayers. But it’s worth remembering that the iPhone accounts for over half the company’s revenue, and its new, larger screen sizes could even steal market share back from the bigger phones Samsung and Google have been making for a while. And so what if they got there first? Many of Steve Jobs’ best ideas were borrowed ; he just executed them better. If Apple can keep doing that, it may not need blockbuster innovations to be a success.—Dan Frommer
Five things on Quartz we especially liked
The Chinese moguls who may revolutionize the way you shop. O2O isn’t a molecule: It’s online-to-offline retail, a form of shopping that Western megastore chains are increasingly using as a defensive play against the likes of Amazon. Gwynn Guilford explains how the peculiarities of China’s retail landscape means the real innovations in O2O could come from there .
The slow, sad decline of RadioShack. “As Hemingway wrote… there’s a very simple answer to the question, ‘How you go bankrupt? Two ways. Gradually, then suddenly.’ We seem to be just about finished with the gradual part.” In nine damning charts, Matt Phillips makes the case for the iconic electronics store’s  impending demise .
Non-parents are better off than parents in every respect—except one. John Dick of the polling platform CivicScience reports on its survey of a million American adults, which finds that, compared with their childless counterparts, parents report being more stressed, less healthy, less free, more cash-strapped… and happier .
Finally, a hackathon for something useful. If you’ve never used a breast pump, Mitra Kalita would like you to know  just how awful they are . Luckily, the MIT Media Lab has decided to bring dozens of technologists and other experts together for its fall hackathon to design a better one.
Ten things we learned at New York Fashion Week. From the “torso triangle” to “flatforms” to Amish ninjas to “menswear, womenswear, what’s the difference?”—Jenni Avins, having braved a week’s worth of runway shows and fashion parties, brings you the all-in-one illustrated guide to the season’s most important trends.
Five things elsewhere that made us smarter
The rise and likely fall of the talent economy. Since the mid-20th century brains have overtaken natural resources as the basis of America’s biggest companies. But, argues Roger Martin in the Harvard Business Review, as those brains make ever more money on trading assets rather than building them, a correction is needed to prevent wealth from concentrating and the social compact from breaking down.
The shameful secret of attraction. Anne Helen Petersen did an experiment: She built a fake version of the dating app Tindr to figure out what governs people’s attraction to others. The outcome, she writes on Buzzfeed: “We’re constantly inventing narratives” about people based on subtle signs in their photos . “We swipe… because of semiotics.”
How to rethink humanitarian aid. After over a century, the aid-agency model—shuttling resources from rich countries to poor ones—no longer works, argues Paul Currion in Aeon. He argues that humanitarian aid needs to become less about institutions and more about global networks that create a more equal relationship between the victims of disaster and those trying to help them.
Why Iraq is so hard to fix. ISIL may be grabbing the headlines now with its barbarism. But the four books that Max Rodenbeck surveys in the New York Review provide sobering accounts, both fictional and factual (indeed, he observes, “fiction here seems merely to be more concise than fact”) of the institutional and cultural patterns that have steeped Iraq in blood and conflict , and promise to keep doing so long after ISIL is gone.
Aristocrats against Scottish independence. Some 400 people own half the private land in Scotland. In a story as delightfully quirky as its subjects, Sophia Money-Coutts of Tatler checks in on their castles to find that the nobility—such as the marvelously-monikered Peregrine Moncreiffe of That Ilk—are distinctly cool on the idea of secession. “What if Salmond imposes a mansion tax?” asks one plaintive duchess. “We’re done for.”
Our best wishes for a relaxing but thought-filled weekend. Please send any news, comments, Tindr profile pictures, and Scottish wealth declarations to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:
Top News

Scotland clearly rattled the markets this weekWhat's it going to be? AP Photo/Scott Heppell
SHARE
Matt Phillips @MatthewPhillips
September 12, 2014
The markets have been worried about a lot of things lately. Russia’s horseplay in eastern Ukraine. Continuing horrors out of the Middle East. A China that seems to be stuck in neutral. And run-of-the-mill European economic sluggishness.
One thing that wasn’t on the menu? Concern that the 307-year-old Act of Union that created the United Kingdom might suddenly unravel. But here we are. Starting last Sunday, polling showed support for Scottish independence surging, making it a very real prospect that Scotland might vote for independence from the UK in a referendum next Thursday.
Scotland’s options seemed to have a spillover effect in continental Europe, reigniting debate over independence in Spain’s restive  Basque and Catalonian regions  and in Flanders, where some seek to separate from Belgium. The risk—albeit small—that the configurations of these countries could change seemed to reverberate in the market for government debt, which sold off bonds from the countries in question.
Share
Tap image to zoom
After a nasty kneejerk stumble on the initial news of growing support for Scottish independence, the British pound recovered some lost ground throughout the week, as other polls seemed to show that the independence push might be losing some steam. At any rate, the vote should make for some exciting moments next Thursday. And if the financial markets are right, they could have implications for countries beyond Britain.
Share this:
Top News

Apple CEO Tim Cook says television is stuck in the 70sZachary M. Seward @zseward
September 12, 2014
In a new interview , Apple CEO Tim Cook blasted the current state of television, but didn’t say if his company intended to fix it. “The interface is terrible,” Cook told PBS’s Charlie Rose. “I mean, it’s awful.”
Here’s a transcript of the clip:
Tim Cook: TV is one that we continue to have great interest in. I choose my words carefully. TV is one of those things where, if we’re really honest, is stuck in the ’70s. Think about how much your life has changed and all the things around you that have changed. And yet TV, when you go into your living room to watch the TV or wherever it may be, it almost feels like you’re rewinding the clock, and you have entered a time capsule, and you are going backwards. The interface is terrible. I mean, it’s awful. And you watch things when they come on unless you remember to record them.
Charlie Rose: So why don’t you fix that?
Cook: Well, I don’t want to get into what we’re doing in the future. But we’ve taken stabs with Apple TV, and Apple TV now has over 20 million users, and so it has far exceeded the hobby label that we placed on it. And we’ve added content to it this year, and so there’s increasingly more things that you can do on there. But this is an area that we continue to look at.
Share this:
Top News

Virgin s Richard Branson says flight ban would hurt Russia mostApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Action against selling counterfeit 3M productsAction against selling counterfeit 3M products
Our Bureau
Bangalore, Sept 13:  
3M India has taken action against selling counterfeit 3M products in Bangalore and Chennai.
Company spokesperson said, in a raid conducted at Bangalore and Chennai at different shops, the sleuths seized hundreds of rolls of counterfeit 3M double-sided adhesive tapes worth millions of rupees. The police have initiated necessary legal action against shop-owners.
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Slideshow

Snowden didnt raise concerns internally: NSASnowden didn’t raise concerns internally: NSA
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sep 13:  
The National Security Agency was unable to find evidence that leaker Edward Snowden ever raised concerns internally about its sweeping surveillance programs, after an exhaustive search that included deleted emails, court documents showed.
NSA Associate Director for Policy and Records David Sherman said that the agency had launched a “comprehensive” investigation after media reports were published about classified NSA spy programs based on information leaked by Snowden.
As part of last year’s probe, the NSA collected and searched Snowden’s “sent, received and deleted email,” including that “obtained by restoring back—up tapes” Sherman said in a sworn declaration filed yesterday.
“The search did not identify any email written by Mr Snowden in which he contacted agency officials to raise concerns about NSA programs.”
Searches for the emails included the records from the agency’s Office of General Counsel, Office of the Inspector General and Office of the Director of Compliance.
The findings contradict Snowden’s claim in an interview with NBC News in May that he did raise concerns through “internal channels” within the NSA and was told to “stop asking questions” before ultimately deciding to leak the secret files.
Sherman, who has worked with the NSA since 1985, has the authority to classify information as “top secret.”
The NSA made its declaration in response to a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed by VICE News against the NSA earlier this year.
The only relevant communication uncovered was a previously released email between Snowden and the Office of General Counsel inquiring about material in a training course he had completed.
Senator Dianne Feinstein, who chairs the Senate Intelligence Committee, said at the time that the exchange “poses a question about the relative authority of laws and executive orders —— it does not register concerns about NSA’s intelligence activities.”
Snowden has suggested that there was more communication than that single email, telling The Washington Post at the time that the “strangely tailored and incomplete” release “only shows the NSA feels it has something to hide."
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)

Leopard found dead on treeUpdated: September 12, 2014 23:31 IST
Leopard found dead on tree
R. Krishna Kumar
The dead leopard being lowered down from the tree on which it was found dead at Jayapura near Mysore on Friday.
TOPICS
Bangalore
The animal was trapped at H.D. Kote and radio-collared
: A leopard was found dead with its legs entwined in the branches of a tree at Kalahalli village in Jayapura hobli about 20 km from Mysore on Friday.
The four-year-old leopard was a radio-collared animal, and was the same animal that was trapped by the Forest Department at H.D. Kote on March 21 and released into the Nagarahole National Park.
V. Karikalan, Deputy Conservator of Forests, Mysore Division, told The Hindu that they received information around 10.30 a.m. on Friday that a leopard was found dead and rushed to the spot.
The carcass was found about 30 feet from the ground and was lowered for examination.
While the immediate cause of death is not clear, post-mortem reports indicate that there was severe bacterial infection of the heart, liver and spleen. “We have collected the viscera and other samples from the carcass and sent it to the laboratory for analysis,” Mr. Karikalan said.
“The information we received was that a leopard was found dead on a tree and the carcass had been hanging for two days,” he said. But rigor mortis had not set in and the carcass had not putrefied.
Dr. Nagaraj, veterinarian, and his team, which conducted the post-mortem, suspect the death to have occurred about seven to eight hours before locals sighted the carcass.
No external injuries
A careful examination of the carcass indicated that there were no external injuries near the neck or in the oesophagus, ruling out death due to external factors, he added. It is suspected that the leopard was perched atop the tree and when it died its leg may have got entwined in the branches.
Mr. Karikalan said the leopard’s movement had been monitored continuously till recently. It was last tracked at Malleshwara Betta near Chamalapura last month.
But a wildlife biologist, who was monitoring its movement, described it as missing after some days following quarrying activities in the region. But due to some technical problem in the collar, the authorities had lost track of it over month ago.

Don t shy away from lawful responsibilities: Sumitra Mahajan to buildersApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Highly educated and ready to mingle Log onM Saraswathy |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 11:15 PM IST
Highly educated and ready to mingle? Log on
A slew of websites caters to matchmaking needs of IITians, IIMians and others with high educational qualifications
Akhil Parameshwaran, a 28-year-old Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) graduate with a foreign master’s degree, is not averse to his parents’ suggestion that he get married to someone within the community. But he has one condition: His life partner must have a similar educational background.
The task proved easier than pie, as a simple search on the internet helped him locate websites that catered specifically to people like him who were looking for partners with high educational qualifications. Parameshwaran has already received two or three proposals from IITans.
Take, for example, Premium Matrimony, whose three founders launched a beta version amid their batchmates from Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Bangalore. The website, which currently has 300-plus profiles, is growing. The founders said non-resident Indian students and professionals formed a significant part of the client base.
The founders said the aim of the portal was to offer a platform to highly educated professionals, especially girls who found it difficult to find grooms of their choice because of the popular obsession for fair, tall and pretty brides, no matter what their educational qualifications.
Same is the case with IITIIMShaadi.com, which was launched in April 2014. Founder Ajay Gupta says the eligibility criteria for opening an account is masters, management, engineering and law degrees.
“Individuals have to send us a scanned copy of their education certificates for final registrations to take place. Right now it is free, but we might look at a fee when we have a sufficient database,” Gupta adds.
Since authenticity of information is crucial for websites looking at educational standards as their differentiator, Premium Matrimony goes in for a stringent verification process.
Premium Matrimony says it has been getting profiles of students from marquee global institutes and will soon include all top foreign universities to the regular registration process.
Websites have sprung up for dating, too. DateIITians.com, which has now been relaunched as COGXIO.com, caters to students in around 1,000 top institutes across the world, including the IIMs and IITs. Users get to choose from prospective partners in top companies.
Layak Singh, CEO and co-founder of COGXIO, says there are interactive group platforms that are unique for each institute or company; people can interact privately as well.
Based on interactions and interests over 15 preceding days, the system uses machine learning, big data and psychology techniques to recommend the top five best matches to the user.
“COGXIO allows its users to go for outing, dinner, party, event, movie, adventure or anything that makes their relation more meaningful on the website itself. So, we make them #BEINLOVE forever in real life,” Singh says.
Users on these portals don’t seem to be complaining. ‘Being Jain’, a 28-year-old Massachusetts Institute of Technology graduate who would only give his online handle, says rather than meeting prospective matches offline who might or might not be compatible, he could interact freely with girls from a similar background for a longer period before taking a leap. “Once you are wedded to a wrong match, things cannot be reversed. We at least have the option to interact with several prospects who are well educated, before taking a final decision,” he says.
That is music to the ears of these websites.
 Advertisements

Soon  50-fold hike in fines  7 years in jail for traffic rule violationsComments
Soon, motorists caught speeding, driving drunk or jumping red lights may not get away with a light fine and a few stern words from the traffic cop.
The punishment would get harsher as the gravity of the offence increases — a Rs. 3-lakh fine and not less than seven years in jail for causing the death of a child; Rs. 5 lakh in penalty and three months in jail for a manufacturing fault in a vehicle; a Rs. 1-lakh fine for driving an unregistered vehicle.
All these and more are part of the new draft Road Transport and Safety Bill, 2014 unveiled by the road transport ministry on Saturday. The ministry has proposed hiking penalties three-to-50-fold  and other stringent action that includes suspension or cancellation of driving licence.
In the draft bill, speeding invites a fine of Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 12,500 — up from the existing Rs. 400-1,000 — and suspension of licence for up to eight weeks depending on how much you have exceeded the speed limit. For instance, the steepest fine is for going 40kmph over the speed limit.
Driving under the influence comes with a fine of Rs. 15,000 (currently Rs. 3,000) and a jail term of up to a year. But a second offence will lead to permanent loss of licence and up to two years in jail. The penalty is especially harsh for school bus drivers — Rs. 50,000 in fine and a three-year jail sentence.
Along with the fines and jail terms, drivers below 25 years stand to lose their licence for three months.
The punishment for jumping a red light is Rs. 5,000-15,000 in fine and one-month licence suspension. Similarly, you pay Rs. 5,000 for not wearing a seat belt.
India has one of the highest road fatalities in the world with 137,576 deaths reported last year. In the same period, Delhi recorded 7,566 accidents that killed 1,820 people. The bill aims to bring down such fatalities by 200,000 in the first five years and increase GDP by 4%.
Apart from the fines and imprisonment, motorists will be awarded penalty points for every traffic violation. Collecting 12 penalty points means losing your driving licence for a year.
The draft includes several new features in keeping with the times — fines for manufacturing faults, for instance, come in the wake of incidents of cars catching fire and vehicle recalls by auto firms.
“The bill, after it is cleared by cabinet, will be tabled in Parliament during the winter session. The proposed changes were long due as the last time the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 was amended was in 2001, and since then many provisions related to offences and penalty have ceased to have any punitive effect,” said a ministry official.
Our new act gives emphasis on E-governance to bring in transparency in the transport sector
— Nitin Gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) September 13, 2014
A Highway Traffic Regulation and Protection Force has been proposed while a motor accident fund would be set up to provide compulsory insurance to all road users. A pan-India road accident emergency access telephone number to alert and access emergency services is also in the works.

IS video shows beheading of British hostage  Cameron vows actionAfter beheading Foley, Sotloff and Haines, IS parades British aid worker Alan Hening
AFP
print
The Islamic State claimed the beheading of a British aid worker on Saturday, an act slammed as "pure evil" by Prime Minister David Cameron who vowed Britain would do all it could to catch the killers.
President Barack Obama offered US support for its "ally in grief", while Cameron faced growing calls to allow Britain's military to help in Washington's planned assault against the rampaging  jihadist group.
Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
The British premier will chair a meeting of the government's emergency Cobra committee early Sunday in response to the online video purportedly showing a masked IS militant killing hostage David Haines in retribution for the US and British campaign against the group.
Cameron called the attack "a despicable and appalling murder of an innocent aid worker" and "an act of pure evil."
"We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes," he said in a statement.
Two US journalists have been murdered in similar circumstances in recent weeks.
Obama slammed the latest attack as "barbaric" and said the US "stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve".
Britain has yet to join US air strikes against IS in Iraq, but has offered to arm Kurdish Peshmerga fighters battling against militants in the north of the country, a move cited in the latest video as a reason for revenge.
Read: Act of pure evil, says Cameron as UK hostage beheaded
Murdered 'in cold blood'
Britain's Foreign Office said it was "working as quickly as it could" to verify the two-minute-27-second clip, entitled "A Message to the Allies of America".
The video opens with a clip of Cameron describing the British strategy of working with the Iraqi government to help arm Kurdish fighters against "these brutal extremist militants," and to offer aid, diplomacy, and military help to pressure IS.
Haines then appears, dressed in an orange jumpsuit, and identifies himself before calmly explaining that he is paying the price for Cameron's policy.
The attacker -- who appears to be the same man as in the previous two beheading videos -- tells Britain the alliance with the US will "accelerate your destruction" and will drag the British people into "another bloody and unwinnable war."
In the video, IS militants have announced their next target as another British aid worker Alan Hening.
As was the case with the previous two videos of Foley and Sotloff, the executioner introduces Hening at the end of the video.
Haines's brother Mike paid tribute to a "good brother...who was recently murdered in cold blood."
"He was, in the right mood, the life and soul of the party and on other times the most stubborn irritating pain in the ass," he said in a statement.
"He was and is loved by all his family and will be missed terribly."
Scottish-born Haines, 44, was taken hostage in Syria in March 2013 and was threatened in a video released this month depicting the beheading by an IS militant of the US journalist Steven Sotloff.
IS released a video claiming the execution of fellow US journalist James Foley on August 19.
Former head of the British Army Richard Dannatt on Sunday piled pressure on Cameron to let the country's military join a planned assault against IS, announced by Obama this week.
"What we absolutely need to do is not be cowed in any way by yet another foul murder of a hostage," he told Sky News.
"We can support them (the US) to confront, attack and defeat the Islamic State jihadi fighters ... and make sure this cancer is removed from the region before it spreads more widely."
Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
Kerry drums up local support
Under pressure himself to tackle the problem,  Obama on Wednesday set out a strategy which would include air strikes in Syria and expanded operations in Iraq.
But Cameron will be wary of playing into the hands of the captors by escalating tensions and is also recovering from last year's humiliation of failing to achieve parliamentary support for air strikes against Syria's President Bashar al-Assad.
As part of efforts to build up local support for action, US Secretary of State John Kerry on Saturday sought to bolster relations with Egypt during meetings with its leaders.
Egypt's formidable army is unlikely to take part in a military coalition against IS, but the country boasts the prestigious Sunni Muslim authority Al-Azhar, which Kerry said would fight back against the Islamic State's use of the religion.
Kerry takes his push to forge a broad coalition against Islamic State jihadists to France on Sunday , on the eve of an international conference in Paris on peace and security in Iraq.
The CIA put the number of IS fighters at 20,000 to 31,500 in Iraq and Syria, up to three times the previous estimate.
US aircraft have carried out more than 160 strikes in Iraq since early August, the US Central Command said Saturday.

JNUSU polls result likely to be announced today#jnu #jnusu polls #jnusu polls result #womens safety #hostel facility
New Delhi: The result for students' union polls of Jawaharlal Nehru University are expected to be announced on Sunday. More than 54 per cent students exercised their franchise in the students' union polls of JNU, where women's safety and hostel facilities surfaced as the key issues.
While seven candidates from major students' organisations were in the fray for the coveted presidential post in the JNU Students' Union (JNUSU), five candidates each for the posts of Vice-President, General Secretary and Joint Secretary were contesting the polls.
In a first, the Election Committee had introduced None of the Above (NOTA) option for the polling this time. However, many students felt that the option was toothless as the NOTA
In a first, the Election Committee had introduced None of the Above (NOTA) option for the polling this time.
votes cannot call for a re-election.
Digital voting, which was also introduced for the first time was widely used by visually impaired students. The computers had an interactive HTML portal which recorded students' choices.
Mohib Anwar and Pragya Devda, the two representatives of the Visually Challenged Students' Forum in JNU, assisted the visually impaired students as they cast their ballot.
Women's safety, action against those accused in sexual assault and better hostel facilities are among the key issues raised by the candidates of various students' organisations. This came against the backdrop of two JNUSU office bearers stepping down from their posts following a sexual harassment complaint against them with the university's gender sensitisation wing last month.
Democratic Students' Federation (DSF), which has forged an alliance with left-wing All India Students Federation (AISF) and other parties under the umbrella 'Left Progressive Front' (LPF) to counter ABVP and AISA, said they were confident of winning the presidential post.
"The poll process went peacefully and we are confident of winning the Presidential post," said V Lenin Kumar, DSF leader and former JNUSU president.
The LPF has fielded Rahila Perween, the only female candidate for the coveted presidential post.
After a wipe-out in the last year's elections, the Students' Federation of India (SFI) is hoping to make a comeback this time. In the "Left-dominated" JNU campus, the membership of
right-wing ABVP has also seen "a significant rise" this year.
"Our cadre base has increased from last year's 500 members to 800 this year," ABVP president in JNU Vinay Kant said.
The organisation has tried to appeal to minority students by fielding Md. Jahidul Dewan for the Vice-President's post.
Last year, ultra-left All India Students Association (AISA) had swept JNUSU elections, winning all top four positions.
(With additional information from PTI)

Delhi Police gets two mobile forensic data collection vans#delhi #delhi police #mobile forensic data #vans
New Delhi: Delhi government has agreed to the induction of two mobile Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) vans with a view to ensuring quick and efficient collection of forensic data by police at crime scene.
"These mobile vans would be able to promptly reach crime spots and trained forensic staff can then collect samples and transport them to the Rohini laboratory. Most of the times, policemen are not as skilled as forensic experts to properly gather samples. Inaccurate collection of evidence causes obstruction in the investigation procedure," said a Delhi government official.
According to the official, two more such vans are in the pipeline waiting for approval.
Delhi Police in 2013 had submitted a proposal for 11 mobile FSLs, one for each police district, with an eye on more efficient evidence gathering.
Delhi Police in 2013 had submitted a proposal for 11 mobile FSLs, one for each police district, with an eye on more efficient evidence gathering.
These vans are operational 24x7 and would be manned by trained forensic technicians for collection of evidence.
Meanwhile, according to Delhi government, there is a proposal for building three more forensic laboratories in order to reduce the burden on the laboratory at Rohini.
"Delhi's only forensic laboratory is understaffed and gets around 500 new samples every month," said the official.
"Delhi Police often have to send samples to laboratories outside the national capital as the staff at the forensic laboratory in Rohini is always burdened by work that leads to delay in investigations," he added.
Moreover, biological evidence like blood, DNA and viscera have to be tested within a period of six months, which is another big challenge for police. Evidence is the backbone of any investigation and, in cases of murder or rape, it is important to collect the same at the earliest, the official said.
"Some cases may go on for several years and it has often been seen that, with time, witnesses turn hostile. Strong evidence helps police find the real culprit and thus there is an urgent need to upgrade the FSL facility at Rohini," he said.

CBI probe sought into Delhi businessmen s death#delhi businessmens death #cbi probe #candlelight march
New Delhi: Nearly two months after three businessmen were found dead in a car here in the capital, their families on Saturday took out a candlelight march, demanding a CBI probe into the deaths.
Three people - Nishant Datta, 25, Balvinder Singh, 33, and Lakshman Prakash (30) were found dead in a car in south Delhi's RK Puram's Sector 4 in July.
Disappointed by the "nonchalant attitude" of police in finding out the truth behind the mysterious deaths, about 300 people on Saturday took out a two-km silent candlelight march in RK Puram.
Nearly two months after three businessmen were found dead in a car, their families took out a candlelight march, demanding a CBI probe.
"We want a CBI probe. We believe something is being hidden. We believe it is a murder not death by poisonous gas," Kanhaiyalal, brother of one of the victims named Lakshman, said.
Having waited for so long for the post-mortem report, hoping for a thorough examination, these families said they were now aggrieved by the "lethargic" investigation.
"What kind of investigation is on if it has failed to give us the truth till today? Why 'death by carbon monoxide' theory has been floated in the media without any proper report? I lost my son in this old age. Shouldn't I need to know who killed my son?" of Lakshman's mother asked.
"Are policemen saving someone or their personal record? Since the beginning, they are showing 'routine case' attitude.
"Are we supposed to get some big minister to expedite the so-called multi-pronged probe," said a participant in the march.
Refusing to subscribe to the idea that it was a 'death by carbon monoxide', the relatives of the deceased said they want expedited the promised probes like the CBI's FSL report, IIT-team's emission report, police crime report and others.
"We seek to know the truth based on facts not assumptions. We need probe teams to share their progress. Why is it taking so much time to give even the preliminary post-mortem report?" Mahesh Datta, brother of Nishant Datta, told reporters.
"Tomorrow, if it emerges to be a murder case, will police begin searching for the murderer after so many months?" he asked.
Police, meanwhile, said they have their report ready. But the exact cause of death has not been established without the CBI's FSL report.
"They are blaming police and not other probe agencies," a police official said.

India s Bharat Electronics gains  Motilal starts at  buyApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

BSE Sensex recovers 53 pts in ahead of IIP  inflation dataApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Global auto makers seek friendly policyNEW DELHI, September 13, 2014
Updated: September 13, 2014 01:02 IST
Global auto makers seek friendly policy
Staff Reporter
automobile
As India moves towards becoming a hub for production and exports for global car manufacturers, the latter on Friday said India needed to make more business-friendly policies if the country wanted foreign companies to invest here.
“There are a number of challenges confronting automakers doing business here,” Chairman of Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association (JAMA) Fumihiko Ike said. Elaborating on the challenges, Mr. Ike said, “To be more specific, there is an urgent need to improve the general infrastructure, spanning from road, harbours, railways, to electric power and water supply.”
Mr. Ike, who is also the Chairman of Japan’s Honda Motor Co, added another major challenge was to improve the business environment for investing into India.
“Many Japanese auto parts suppliers are anxious to establish operations in this country. However, those suppliers as well as auto manufacturers often encounter problems in obtaining business permits and completing paperwork required for acquisition of the business property. The complicated process of obtaining a plant construction permit, in some cases, has seriously hindered business plans,” he said.
Further, he added, “These problems are further compounded by India’s complex domestic taxation system which varies from one State to other.
These taxes, which are far more burdensome than international taxations standards, are also impeding investments in India.”
Echoing similar sentiment, “Nissan Motor Co Senior Vice President and Chairman for Africa, the Middle East and India Takashi Hata said, “Simplify the vendor duty drawback scheme. This (India) is not the easiest country to get this.” Likewise, General Motors Executive Vice-President Stefan Jacoby said, “To realise the full potential of the industry, we encourage the government to reform overall central and state taxation policies in a timely manner.” Mr. Jacoby, who along with GM CEO Mary Barra met Mr. Modi on Thursday, said the PM and his team “are creating an environment that is friendly to business and investment”.

Snowman Logistics shares soar 70% on Street debutSamie Modak |  Mumbai Sep 12, 2014
Last Updated at 10:50 PM IST
Snowman Logistics shares soar 70% on Street debut
Stock is trading at Rs 80 compared to IPO price of Rs 47
Snowman Logistics, the country's largest cold storage warehousing chain, saw its shares soar 70 per cent at stock market debut on Friday.
Promoted by Gateway Distriparks, it raised nearly Rs 200 crore from the Initial Public Offer (IPO), which was subscribed around 60 times. The scrip closed at Rs 79.80, up 70 per cent compared to its issue price of Rs 47 a share.
There weren’t many sellers of Snowman shares and the stock got locked at the five per cent upper limit to its discovered price of Rs 76. After recent rule changes, new listings with an issue size of less than Rs 250 crore have to trade in a band of five per cent to the price discovered during the pre-open call auction.
GOOD TIDINGS
Shares end at Rs 80 versus IPO price of Rs 47
Snowman’s Rs 197-crore IPO saw bids of more than Rs 10,000 crore
Company in the process of expanding cold storage warehouses
Cold storage warehousing industry growing at a rapid pace
Snowman IPO positively impacts shares of other logistic firms
Investment bankers said there was huge demand for the company’s shares in the secondary market, as very few IPO applicants got an allotment. The retail investor category, with 260,000 applications, was subscribed 41 times, the rich investor category was subscribed 220 times and the institutional investor segment was subscribed 17 times. One of every 18 retail applicants got an allotment of only 300 shares in the IPO.
Analysts said investors were attracted to Snowman’s business model and long-term growth prospects. It is in the process of expanding its temperature-controlled and ambient warehouses.
The cold storage warehousing and transportation industry is expected to expand from Rs 15,000 crore at present to Rs 65,000 crore by 2017. The company’s business model is likely to benefit from the fast-growing processed food industry. Snowman’s revenues and profits have grown at a compounded annual growth of 45 per cent and 53 per cent, respectively, between 2009-10 and 2013-14.
Market experts said the stellar listing of Snowman will help boost investor sentiment towards coming IPOs. Snowman's IPO also positively impacted other listed logistics companies, such as Gati, Container Corp and Balmer Lawrie and Co, whose share prices have seen a good run in recent weeks.
Sharda Cropchem, which just concluded a Rs 350-crore offering, is also expected to list at a huge premium, going by the prices quoted in the grey market.
Entertainment firm Shemaroo and apparel retailer Monte Carlo are next in line to launch their public offerings. Also, the government is about to begin its mega disinvestment drive with Steel Authority of India, followed by Oil and Natural Gas Corporation and Coal India.
 Advertisements

Weekly: Markets end flat to keep winning spree intactTulemino Antao |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 10:57 AM IST
Weekly: Markets end flat to keep winning spree intact
Broader markets outperformed with the BSE Mid-cap index topping 10,000 mark after six years
Benchmark share indices managed to keep their winning spree intact for the fifth straight week as record highs on Monday helped offset losses in the latter sessions of the week ended September 12.
The 30-share Sensex ended up 34 points at 27,061 and the 50-share Nifty closed 19 points higher at 8,106.
However, the action shifted to the broader markets this week with both the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices hitting 52-week highs of 10,018.51 and 11,202.46, respectively. Interestingly, the BSE Midcap index crossed the 10,000 mark after a gap of more than six years. The index had breached this mark for the first time on January 2, 2008 and is just 227 points shy of its record high of 10,246 touched in intra–day trade on January 8, 2008.
The BSE Mid-cap index ended up 3% at 9,983 and the BSE Small-cap index ended up 5% at 11,167.
Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation in August eased to 7.8%, slightly lower than 7.96% in July. However, food inflation during the month under review rose to 9.42% over 9.36% in July, an official release said.
In July, India's industrial growth fell to 0.5 per cent, the lowest this financial year, owing to contraction in manufacturing after three months, official data showed on Friday. While industrial growth in June stood at 3.9 per cent, it was 2.6 per cent in July 2013.
Meanwhile, India recorded its heaviest spell of monsoon rains in 2014 in the past week, logging in surplus for the second straight week, raising hopes of a delayed retreat of the four-month season.
Cipla emerged as the top Sensex gainer up nearly 10% after the pharma major said it has entered into a commercial collaboration with S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. S&D Pharma, which represents other global drug companies in the two countries, will physically distribute all products, including those to treat respiratory ailments.
SBI ended up 4.4%. The state-owned banking major denied receiving any communication from the British banking regulator, Prudential Regulatory Authority, asking it to convert branches in the island nation into a wholly-owned subsidiary.
Tata Motors ended up 2% after its UK-based premium luxury car maker Jaguar Land Rover reported 9% rise in August sales at 30,249 units.
Maruti Suzuki ended up 3% after the company projected double-digit sales growth during the current financial year.
State-owned ONGC ended down 3% and Coal India closed 3.6% lower after the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs approved selling 10% of the government's stake in Coal India, 5% in ONGC.
ITC rebounded to end with marginal gains of 1.6%. According to media reports, the government may come out with stringent measures to curb smoking.
Snowman Logistics, the country's largest cold storage warehousing chain, saw its shares soar at stock market debut on Friday. The stock closed at Rs 79.80, up 70 per cent compared to its issue price of Rs 47 a share.
Week Ahead
The markets could be under pressure early next week after data showed weak industrial growth in July.
The government is also scheduled to release wholesale price inflation data for August on Monday.
Further, stock specific movement could be seen after second instalment of advance tax payments by corporates on are released on Monday, September 15.
The initial public offering from Shemaroo Entertaiment opens on Tuesday, September 16, in the price band of Rs 155-170 per share of face value Rs 10 each to raise upto Rs 120 crore.
On the global front, cues from the US Federal Reserve two-day policy meet which ends on Wednesday will be closely watched.
 Advertisements

Prefer L&T with two years view: Anand TandonLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Prefer L&T with two years view: Anand Tandon
Anand Tandon, Market Expert is of the view that oen may prefer Larsen and Toubro with a view of two years.
Post your opinion here
Taking Stock
Anand Tandon, Market Expert told CNBC-TV18, "In  Larsen and Toubro  (L&T) after the correction that it took because of the last result, it has come back but not as far as from where it has dropped. We have to be a little patient to assume that it will continue to grow from here. So, if you are looking at a two three years view, L&T is probably a good entry point; Rs 100 here or there doesn’t matter if you are looking at a two years timeframe."
" ICICI Bank has been somewhat of a consistent performer. Reliance Industries  in my view will have to lead the next rally though there are some negatives that are building up because of the GRM falling globally and the likely expectation that the refining margins will remain soft
for pretty much the next maybe a couple of years because of the new capacities coming on in refining," he said.
"However, there are several other triggers there. There is a trigger in terms of retail, finally the 4G has to take off at some stage and there will be some resolution in terms of the gas prices fairly soon. So, Reliance too has not done much to participate in the market right now and can provide the legs for the next leg up in terms of the market."
Disclosure: Network 18, which publishes moneycontrol.com, is now part of the Reliance Group
RELATED NEWS

Buy Voltas  Petronet LNG  Bharti Airtel: CK NarayanLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Voltas, Petronet LNG, Bharti Airtel: CK Narayan
According to CK Narayan, MD at Growth Avenues, oen can buy Bharti Airtel, Voltas and Petronet LNG.
Post your opinion here
Taking Stock
CK Narayan, MD at Growth Avenues told CNBC-TV18, "One of my top buys right now would be in  Voltas . The stock is trading at all time highs and I like the way it has setup on the charts. So, somewhere around Rs 255-260 Voltas is a great buy. I would expect at least 20-25 percent upside from the current levels. So, that is one of the stocks I would like to buy."
"From the oil and gas space Petronet LNG  has not flourished but it is having a great formation and great pedigree. It is at about Rs 190-195; I would buy that for at least another 10-20 percent upside from the current levels," he said.
"I would look at another large cap which is reviving up and that would be Bharti Airtel . At about Rs 405-415 levels it would be a good buy for a 10 percent upside."
RELATED NEWS

See Nifty in 8000-8250 range over the next 3 months: Sandeep Wagle360 Degree Feedback
("8050 will not be broken…)
In an interview with ET Now, Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth, shares his views on the market and some stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: How would you characterise the week gone by and what would be your expectations for the coming week?
Sandeep Wagle: I think the market may see some consolidation or correction. From a high of 8180, we moved down to 8080, recording a 100-point correction. This 100-point correction at the 8000 level of the Nifty can be termed as a consolidation, which should have been bought into.
I do not think 8050 will be broken in any case. On the higher side, 8180 is the first target which may not be reached immediately this week, but can be reached if given a little more time. I expect it to get broken and we would eventually head towards 8200-8250 levels. Even 8400 cannot be ruled out.
This is not a one-week or two-week call. This is a two to three-month call. So, we have built a base at around 8050, and I see the Nifty in the range of 8000-8250.
ET Now: Sun Pharma was brutally beaten out of shape this week. What are the charts indicating?
Sandeep Wagle: It is a good time to enter, although a little lower will be a better bet. It is currently trading at around 804-805. I would talk of 780 to 760 as the levels to enter. I do not see the stock breaking 740, which can be a safe stop loss and my long-term targets are still intact. I would talk of levels of beyond 950-960, which could happen over the next two or three months. So, I would be tempted to buy this stock nearer 780-760.
ET Now: Do you think from a long-term perspective, auto names are good place to be in?
Sandeep Wagle: I am looking at targets of 3050-3100 in Maruti, but when the stock has moved from 1600 to 2900 or almost 3000 in the last six to eight months, I am not very sure whether one can look at a 70-80% return from the current levels. In that sense, I would wait, but as a trading play I would definitely be interested in Maruti. I would talk of a target of 3100-3150.
ET Now: Do you think that there is still more potential here?
Sandeep Wagle: We had a buy in Coromandel at around 291, and we booked some trading profits on Friday. But if you take the next 3 to 6 months or probably 6 to 12 months, one can talk of a target of 360 and I would still be comfortable talking of a target of 410-415. From the current level of 330, on corrections to 300, I would talk of a 30% to 40% trading upside over the next few months or so.
ET Now: Take us through the chart patterns of any of the stocks that you would be shorting in the infrastructure basket?
Sandeep Wagle: Some of the stocks in this space definitely look weak. For example, DLF at the current level of 175 looks weak. I do not see it cross 185. Any move upside should be treated as a corrective move and on the downside I would look at the levels of around 150-155. For JP Associates, I see more downside from the current level of 36 to the levels of 27-28.
ET Now: Run us through the top picks that you have.
Sandeep Wagle: I would go with a buy in Ingersoll Rand, that has given a very clear breakout on Friday, with a stop loss of 710, target of 900. The second call is a buy in Exide . I see more upside in it. I would buy it with a stop loss of 170, target of 185 and as a hedge I would go with a sell in Cairn India , with a stop loss of 330, target of 314.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex  Nifty off from new peak on profit-bookingCrude oil
(The market commenced the…)
MUMBAI: After rallying to new peak on Monday on crude oil drop and fund inflows, profit-booking by operators in a mid-week ahead of key macro economic data on late Friday kept the Sensex and Nifty under check, still ending up by 0.13 pct and 0.23 pct respectively, extending gains for the fifth straight week.
The market commenced the week on a strong footing as overseas funds increased bets on growth optimism and a lower oil price which gave a boost to sentiments.
Later, the tussle was seen throughout the week between bulls and bears that saw the former gaining dominance over the latter, as both the key indices survived to end in green.
Hopes of further implementation of reforms by the new government kept the market from falling further.
Supreme Court Reserving order on Coal Block allocation case led to uncertainty for the market players.
Weakness in emerging markets on expectations of earlier key interest rates hike by the US Federal reserve , which might force foreign funds to shift their funds from emerging markets, also weighed on the market sentiment.
A lower crude price will help India, which imports about 80 per cent of oil needs, to contain CAD and fiscal deficit.
The end-session saw some buying by operators in blue-chip stocks and also retail investors in second-line counters, helping the sensex to land in positive terrain at close.
The sensex opened higher at 27,145.12 and surged to an intra-day record high of 27,354.99 and fell back below 27K-mark at 26,904.50, before recovering some ground to settle the week at 27,061.04, showing a small gain of 34.34 points or 0.13 per cent.
FEATURED ARTICLES

States seek financial help to develop Smart CitiesStates seek financial help to develop Smart Cities
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, September 14:  
Unanimously welcoming the Smart City initiative of the Centre, States have demanded technical help to prepare project reports and higher financial assistance.
Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu reviewed suggestions and views from States and Union Territories expressed at the national conclave recently and directed officials to examine the suggestions in detail.
He has also asked the concerned officials to prepare a proposal for discussion at an inter-ministerial meeting that Ministers of Finance and Defence, Highways and Surface Transport, Railways, Power, Environment and Forests are likely to attend.
Reiterating the importance of smart leadership in developing smart cities, Naidu said he would write to all Chief Ministers on the need for proper decision making.
States have made ten broad suggestions for developing Smart Cities including seeking flexibility in implementation, capacity building, higher central assistance in view of the resource constraints of urban local bodies and expeditious clearances by the Centre, said a senior Urban Development official.
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)

US official meets FICCI ahead of Modi visitUS official meets FICCI ahead of Modi visit
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sep 13:  
Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s US visit, America’s Deputy National Security Advisor for International Economics Caroline Atkinson met representatives from industry body FICCI to strengthen ties.
FICCI president Sidharth Birla, its past president Harsh Pati Singhania, former Indian ambassador to the US Lalit Man Singh and ex foreign secretary Kanwal Sibal were present at the meeting that took place last evening, Ficci said.
Atkinson, who is on a short official visit to India to prepare the ground for constructive talks, said that US and India are natural partners as the two leading democracies and it is imperative that they eventually scale up their economic engagement to a new level.
Modi and US President Barrack Obama are expected to meet in Washington later this month.
With regard to Modi government’s focus on development of infrastructure and skills, energy security and promotion of manufacturing sector, Atkinson felt the US was all set to partner India as these are the focus areas for Obama administration as well.
“Therefore, there is scope for mutual learning and exchange,” she said.
Meanwhile, Birla said there is optimism in the Indian industry about the visit of Prime Minister Modi, which closely follows Japan and China interactions.
“US and Indian business have been natural allies and we all realize it was not lack of potential in India that resulted in weak investment interest from the US, but collateral factors. We fully expect these to be resolved soon.
“For India to garner investments both from home and abroad, we have to transition from ‘inviting’ investment to ’welcoming’ it. Indian industry is hoping that PM Modi can open up a new chapter for India—US relations and give a new direction to revitalize India—US commercial ties,” Birla said.
The Indian participants in the meeting acknowledged that there was an urgent need for improvements and reforms in taxation and labour laws to scale up the level of business and get American businesses to invest in India.
Both the sides were optimistic that the new government in India will push ahead the reforms.
Co-founder and past Chairman of NASSCOM Saurabh Srivastava raised the issue of discrimination being faced by the Indian IT sector in doing business with the US due to the stringent norms set by the Immigration Bill in and hoped that some solution would come out from the upcoming Modi visit.
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)

Gujarat sees overall 49% turnout in bypollsGujarat sees overall 49% turnout in bypolls
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Sept 13:  
The Election Commission announced that the one Lok Sabha and nine assembly constituencies in Gujarat registered a preliminary 49 per cent voter turnout by the close of voting hours at 6 pm on Saturday. Final figures will be announced on Sunday.
Vadodara, the only Lok Sabha constituency in the State that went for by-polls after the Prime Minster Narendra Modi vacated the seat, registered 43.5 per cent voter turnout in the by-polls. Notably, barely two days before the polling, Vadodara had faced a major flood in Vishwamitri river that threw normal life out of gear.
Polling was peaceful throughout the State amid high security.
At the nine assembly seats, Maninagar registered 33.5 per cent turnout. Voter turnout at Deesa was 59.7 per cent, Tankara was 57.5 per cent, Khambaliya was 49 per cent, Mangrol at 57 per cent, Talaja  was 55.5 per cent, Matar was 54.7 per cent, Limkheda 64 per cent and Anand registered 57 per cent turnout.
Congress candidate from Vadodara constituency Narendra Rawat sparked controversy after he took a selfie outside polling booth after casting his vote.
Rawat claimed that he deliberately took a selfie to send out a message to Pime Minister Modi, who he alleged, has breached the trust of Vadodara voters by vacating his seat.  "I will accept whatever the election commission decides," Rawat added.
Election Commission officials stated that they will review the video footage of Rawat clicking a selfie following which a decision would be taken on issuing a notice to the Congress candidate.
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)

Air France to cut flights from MondayAir France to cut flights from Monday
Reuters
Tweet
Paris, Sept 14:  
Air France will reduce flights by about 50 per cent from Monday as pilots begin a one-week strike over company plans to cut costs to recapture market share from budget airlines, its chief executive said.
Speaking to France Inter radio, Francois Gagey repeated that the strike, which could run until September 22, would cost the airline between €10 million and €15 million a day."The passengers will be informed and we ask them, if possible, to change their tickets to avoid this period which is a little uncertain," he said.
Air France, which has issued a profit warning in recent months, is hampered by powerful unions in their efforts to lower costs. The main pilots' unions have called for strikes from September 15-22. The airline has said it is open to negotiation on benefits tied to seniority and incentives for Air France pilots who transfer to Transavia, but will not yield to trade unions demanding that the labour contracts of Transavia pilots carry the same terms as those flying under the Air France brand.
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)

Completion of phase-III expansion to drive MRPLs growth  says Chairman Home News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Completion of phase-III expansion to drive MRPL’s growth, says Chairman  
Our Bureau
D.K. Sarraf
Mangalore, Sept 13:  
With the completion of major milestones by Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL) the stakeholders can expect better returns in the coming days, according to DK Sarraf, Chairman of the company.
He termed the completion of phase-III expansion of the refinery, single-point mooring system near New Mangalore Port, and facilities at OMPL (ONGC Mangalore Petrochemicals Ltd) as some of these milestones.
Addressing presspersons after the 26th annual general meeting of the company here on Saturday evening, Sarraf said that the priority of the company was to complete the phase-III expansion of the refinery. “We have fully commissioned all units of phase-III, other than polypropylene unit, which will be fully commissioned by December,” he said. With that the phase-III expansion will be completed.
The commissioning of single-point mooring system near New Mangalore Port last year has helped the company to bring crude oil in bigger vessels.
Stating that OMPL facilities were commissioned during the last week of August, he said the first dispatch of OMPL product has gone from the company to respective customers. MRPL is also one of the stakeholders in the OMPL project.
He hoped that all these milestones would help improve the refining margin of the company. This will help bring better returns for stakeholders, he said.
To a query on the retail plans of MRPL, he said that the board of MRPL had approved the proposal for the establishment 122 outlets a few years ago.
Stating that the ground is clear to implement that, he said the company is not implementing that because it needs to revalidate that decision within its own team. Asked when the process of revalidation of that decision would start, he said he could not put a time limit at present.
H Kumar, Managing Director of MRPL, was present on the occasion.
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Tata Motors signs bonus pact with Telco Workers UnionHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Motors signs bonus pact with Telco Workers Union
PTI
Jamshedpur, Sep 13:  
Tata Motors today signed Bonus and Permanency Agreement with Telco Workers Union here.
It was mutually agreed that all permanent workmen would be getting an amount equivalent to 10.5 per cent of the annual salary/wages, consisting of Basic + Personal Pay + Dearness Allowance earned by them during 2013-14, a Tata Motors press release said.
Out of the 10.5 per cent, an amount equivalent to 8.33 per cent of the wage/salary comprising of Basic + Personal Pay + Dearness Allowance will be treated as Statutory Bonus/ Special Payment and shall be payable on pro-rata basis to all the permanent workmen along with all eligible employees covered under the scope of Payment of Bonus Act, 1965, it said.
After setting aside the amount to be paid as “Statutory Bonus/Special Payment”, the remaining portion of the agreed money will be paid for achievement of various targets set for the current financial year as stipulated in joint discussions from time to time.
For all permanent confirmed workmen who were on the roll of the company in 2013—14 and continue to be on the date of the signing of the agreement, the minimum amount payable under this agreement is Rs 14,490, maximum payable is Rs 31,390, and average amount payable is Rs 25,650, which will be disbursed to eligible workmen within one week.
Despite extreme financial hardship that the company is passing through more than last two years, it has been agreed to induct 250 temporary workers to permanent roll of the company. All formalities for induction will be completed within one month, the release added.
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)

Intel exploring women-focused wearablesSurabhi Agarwal |  New Delhi Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 11:04 PM IST
Intel exploring women-focused wearables
Scouting for manufacturers to launch such devices in India
Chipmaker Intel, which last week announced a partnership with watches and fashion accessory retailer Fossil Group to develop wearable devices, is scouting for manufacturers to launch such devices in India.
Debjani Ghosh, the company’s South Asia managing director, said the devices might be enabled with a security feature and targeted at women. “If India is ready for smartphones, it is also ready for wearables; but you have to make it relevant for India,” she told Business Standard, adding wearables could play a significant role in resolving key issues facing the country, such as security. “We, women, don’t have pockets, which means our smartphones are not always with us. What if you had a bangle or a wrist watch with built-in capabilities that you could press during a panic situation?”
She said while globally, Intel had some tie-ups in this area, it was exploring options in this regard in India. “We are very interested in this segment,” she added.
Juniper Research says global wearable computing device shipments are expected to rise from 15 million units last year to 150 million units by 2018.
The market in India, however, is much more niche. Vishal Tripathi, principal analyst with Gartner India, said though smart watches and wrist bands were gaining popularity, these were expensive for the Indian market. “If offered at an affordable price, smart watches and wrist bands might succeed, but luxury product might not see a lot of adoption in India,” he said, adding wrist watches and fitness monitors were seeing interest from a niche audience.
In India, companies such as Nike and Samsung offer products in this segment.
On Monday, Apple Inc forayed into the wearables segment, with the launch of the Apple Watch, priced at $349. The device, to be available next year, will have the capability to respond to messages, control music and access maps. It will also have health-tracking and fitness applications.
In a digital consumer technology survey by Accenture, half the respondents expressed interest in buying smart watches, while about 40 per cent were interested in wearable eyeglasses. “This is remarkable because the products are, for the most part, not commercially available. The interest in wearable technology underscores the growing consumer desire to be more digitally connected at all times,” said a report based on the survey.
It added about 70 per cent of those surveyed were keen to use these products for vehicle navigation, home security, personal safety and health & fitness.
 Advertisements

CEOs rode market boom in second inningsDev Chatterjee |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 11:03 PM IST
CEOs rode market boom in second innings
Under second-term chiefs, market capitalisation grew faster, companies beat benchmark Nifty
Riding on a stock market boom since 2009, India Inc’s chief executives have been able to salvage a lot of lost pride in their second innings.
This may augur well for N Chandrasekaran and Chanda Kochhar who have recently started their second terms as managing director and chief executive of Tata Consultancy Services and ICICI Bank, respectively.
An analysis of the Nifty 50 firms shows there are 10 companies where CEOs served more than one consecutive term in the past decade, and in nine of these the market capitalisation grew at a faster pace in the CEOs' second term.
These companies also outperformed the National Stock Exchange’s benchmark index during their leaders’ second term. Between 2003-04 and 2008-09, the Nifty grew at a compounded annual rate of 10.7 per cent. In the next five years, the rate increased to 17.8 per cent.
External factors played a critical role in stock performance as global and Indian stock markets recovered after the Lehman crisis. This is evident from the fact that shares of Nifty companies  where the CEOs were changed also witnessed a similar trend of rising market capitalisation since 2008-09.
The Reliance Industries stock was the only one that failed to keep pace with the Nifty since April 2009,  mainly due to a slowdown in production of gas from the Krishna-Godavari basin and a subdued industrial environment leading to slower growth in net income and static revenues.
“It is rare that a CEO is changed when the company is doing well. Any change at the top is unwarranted when the going is good," said Nishchae Suri, partner and country head (people and change) at audit and consultancy firm KPMG. "There are many external factors that determine a company's good showing, or otherwise. But leadership is an important factor," he added.
The nine companies are: Hero MotoCorp, ITC, Grasim, Kotak Mahindra Bank, Dr Reddy's Lab, Hindalco, Sun Pharma, Mahindra & Mahindra, and HDFC Bank. These companies' strong showing on the stock market during their CEOs' second terms between April 1, 2009, and March 31, 2014, was in spite of their revenues and net incomes growing at slower rates.
The revenues and net income of these 10 companies slowed down since 2008-09 following the global economic slowdown and the policy paralysis in the country during the United Progressive Alliance government. Hindalco saw the slowest growth in revenues between 2008-09 and 2013-14 as the company was ramping up production by setting up new plants. Its net income growth was, however, the best among all the 10 companies (see chart).
"The sentiment has improved considerably. We are optimistic about Novelis as we ramp up recycling operations further and car sales pick up in North America," said Hindalco's managing director and chief executive D Bhattacharya.
The net income of another Aditya Birla group company, Grasim, fell by 1.1 per cent between 2008-09 and 2013-14 as revenue growth slowed down to 9.9 per cent from 27.3 per cent. ITC under its chairman Y C Deveshwar recorded stable growth in earnings from its cigarette business and helped deliver good shareholder returns.
"The market prefers continuity in leadership if a company is able to sustain the growth momentum despite economic headwind," said Hemendra Aran, CEO and founder of Aranca, a global analytics and research firm. The stocks which performed the best among the 10 companies are: Kotak Mahindra Bank, Mahindra & Mahindra, Dr Reddy's and Sun Pharma, with almost 40 per cent growth in market value since 2009. While Kotak Mahindra Bank has done well due to its increased focus on retail banking and good quality assets, Mahindra & Mahindra's stock performance is led by the strong showing of its utility vehicles and tractor businesses.
Experts said CEOs tended to improve the performance curve in their second term as they were armed with a better understanding of their companies, their value chain, stakeholders and risk appetite.
"Research has also shown that the intensity with which a company monitors its CEO declines as the executive's tenure progresses. This intricate understanding helps the board and the CEO contextualise past experience, assess the present and envision the future better. They are, therefore, able to pursue high-yield strategies and push their companies to improved avenues of growth," said Abhay Gupte, senior director at Deloitte in India.
 Advertisements

NSE Nifty at 8 000-pt high: Investors should keep investing  says Vivek GuptaApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Nitish  S K Modi  locked in letterwarPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: September 14, 2014 5:05 am
Former Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and his former deputy Sushil Kumar Modi are engaged in ‘letter war’ over alleged irregularities in the purchase of medicines worth more than Rs 67 crore by the state health department. Nitish held additional charge of the health department at the time of the purchase.
The medicines were purchased by the state health committee and Bihar Medical Services and Infrastructure Private Limited, set up in 2010, through tenders. The purchase was made after June 2013, when JD(U) snapped ties with the BJP. The ‘letter war’ started after a report by the state government’s drug committee last week found prima facie irregularities in the purchase, and claimed medicines were either overpriced or manufactured by blacklisted companies.
As BJP launched an attack, Nitish Thursday wrote to Modi, a senior BJP leader, asking for an explanation of his “role” in the purchase. In the letter, Nitish said, “I want to know when and how many times orders of health minister were taken for tenders.”
Nitish said an attempt was being made to link him to an official, Sanjay Kumar, who was his personal secretary and later became joint secretary in the health department as well as the head of the drug purchase committee.
On Saturday, Modi offered a point-wise “rebuttal” to Nitish’s queries and also posed a few questions. Modi said a CM had a duty to “prevent a scam” and “intervene” in matters of any department, if its activities were under scanner.
He also asked why the present health minister Ramdhani Singh, who was talking about ordering an inquiry, had “spared” Nitish.
Modi added: “Did you not know about the scam as health minister when K K Singh Committee was set up on January 13, 2014 to look into the drug purchase? When the committee was supposed to submit its report in seven days, was it not your responsibility to ensure it is submitted within the time frame?”

Inside a cramped rescue chopper  with no time tohaltA rescue chopper is loaded with ration. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:56 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 9:23 am
Helicopters have not stopped hovering over the Valley for the past five days. Operating from a lawn converted into a temporary helipad in Badami Bagh cantonment, the choppers relentlessly engage in airlifting stranded civilians, dropping relief material and ensuring evacuation from inaccessible points.
We board one of these rescue helicopters to figure out what it takes to reach those in need.
Two advanced light helicopters (ALHs) land at the Alpha Mess helipad with ready-to-eat meals, water cans, medicines and emergency ration. They don’t stop the engine because there is not much time to halt. Two Cheetah helicopters hover above, waiting for the ALHs to take off. It is about noon and the ALH has already operated for three hours. It’s now time to leave for Manasbari to refuel.
(hover the mouse for data)
Inside the chopper, it smells like a general store — it has been carrying kerosene, sunflower oil, food, water and other ration. A winch is attached beneath to lift stranded people or lower heavy supplies.
At Manasbari, the crew fill the helicopter with aviation turbine fuel. An Army personnel says, “We fill about 800 kg of ATF, which lasts about three hours. Each of these choppers has been doing almost 50 sorties per day, dropping about 15,000 kg of ration.”
The ALHs are operated by two pilots and seven crew members. In the Valley, each of these helicopters — 15 Mi-17s, four ALHs and 11 Cheetahs — have been flying for 14-15 hours a day.
The next stop is J&K light infantry centre, the heart of the supply operation. As soon as the helicopter lands, doors open and five men load the cabin with a water pump, three hose pipes, hundreds of IRCTC water bottles and a few jute bags. The chopper is now cramped. There are three crew members but no seats.
Once again, the chopper takes off. Over the city, people wave flags and shout to grab attention. “Patient here, need help,” reads one sign. They latch on to anything the choppers drop, holding on to the rooftops with the other hand.
The helicopters get as low as possible to drop bread, ration and items. After distributing the ration, the ALH returns to the Alpha Mess lawn.
Its day is not over yet. The ALH soon takes to skies once again — this time loaded with people to drop elsewhere.

Three cousins take 354-km journey to rescue aunt nieceIn a village on the outskirts of Srinagar on Saturday. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Written by Mir Ehsan | Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:50 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 4:51 am
A four-day journey across 354 km, undertaken by three cousins, is what it took to save their aunt and niece trapped in Jawahar Nagar, where flood water had reached the 25-foot mark.
On Sunday afternoon, Shahida Parveen, a teacher, called her relatives in Baramulla to tell them that flood water had reached the second flood of her three-storey house. “My aunt was pleading for help. I told her to take shelter on the roof. After that, the phones went dead. I called two of my cousins and we decided to go to Srinagar the next day,” said Shaviaz Ahmad, a government official.
On Monday, after travelling 50 km, they had to return from the outskirts as “there was water everywhere”.
On Tuesday, they left for the city again, but had to stop to spend the night in Pattan — 27 km before Srinagar — as the national highway had been closed off. “On Wednesday, we took a longer route and reached Siobagh in Budgam. The locals did not allow us to cross the bridge as it was not safe for traffic. We had to return again,” said Iqbal Ahmad, an accountant.
Despite this, the cousins did not lose hope. On Thursday, they left for Srinagar again. However, this time they took a longer route and  reached the old city by car. After a point, they had to walk 12 km to reach Jawahar Nagar, which was submerged.
Once there, the third cousin, Saquib, a lecturer, asked the Army for help. “After a lot of pleading, they allowed us to board the boat and we reached my aunt’s house. A window on the second storey was open; I used that to enter,’’ said Saquib.
Shahida was initially apprehensive to leave the house, but got on the boat with her 12-year-old daughter after the cousins persuaded her.
“I thought I will be buried under water. Around 50 neighbours had taken refuge in my house. When their houses started collapsing, we thought we will meet the same fate. The almighty saved us,’’ Shahida said.

Nitish  S K Modi  locked in letter warPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: September 14, 2014 5:05 am
Former Bihar CM Nitish Kumar and his former deputy Sushil Kumar Modi are engaged in ‘letter war’ over alleged irregularities in the purchase of medicines worth more than Rs 67 crore by the state health department. Nitish held additional charge of the health department at the time of the purchase.
The medicines were purchased by the state health committee and Bihar Medical Services and Infrastructure Private Limited, set up in 2010, through tenders. The purchase was made after June 2013, when JD(U) snapped ties with the BJP. The ‘letter war’ started after a report by the state government’s drug committee last week found prima facie irregularities in the purchase, and claimed medicines were either overpriced or manufactured by blacklisted companies.
As BJP launched an attack, Nitish Thursday wrote to Modi, a senior BJP leader, asking for an explanation of his “role” in the purchase. In the letter, Nitish said, “I want to know when and how many times orders of health minister were taken for tenders.”
Nitish said an attempt was being made to link him to an official, Sanjay Kumar, who was his personal secretary and later became joint secretary in the health department as well as the head of the drug purchase committee.
On Saturday, Modi offered a point-wise “rebuttal” to Nitish’s queries and also posed a few questions. Modi said a CM had a duty to “prevent a scam” and “intervene” in matters of any department, if its activities were under scanner.
He also asked why the present health minister Ramdhani Singh, who was talking about ordering an inquiry, had “spared” Nitish.
Modi added: “Did you not know about the scam as health minister when K K Singh Committee was set up on January 13, 2014 to look into the drug purchase? When the committee was supposed to submit its report in seven days, was it not your responsibility to ensure it is submitted within the time frame?”

Cellphone evolution: From brick mobiles to s...Today, practically everyone has moved on to precise, beautiful and fast touchscreen phones. Who knows what the next major evolution in cellphones will be.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
It's been a while — but do you remember the time when the cellphone didn't exist? For some, it was a more uncluttered time. It was in the early '80s that the first mobile phone came about. Previous 'wireless communication systems' were too bulky to be called mobile — although many did exist for military and civilian use.
The first generation of cellphones did nothing except calls — and that too for about 30 minutes; it was all that the battery in those days allowed. The next few generations were fondly called 'bricks'— not just for their appearance but also because they could come in handy as a blunt weapon if needed.
Between the '80s and '90s, devices kept evolving and getting more popular. In India, the first commercial cellphone and service launch was in July 1995 — so we were quite a few years behind at the time. It was a partnership between the Modi Group and Australian telecom operator Telstra that brought the first cellular network to India.
The Turning Point
The turning point in India for the cellphone would be some time in 1998. That was around the time when networks really expanded, cellphones became increasingly popular, and the call rates became a little less ludicrous. The time before that could be called BC (Before Cellphones), and the period post-1998 AD (After Dependence).
Because anyone who started using a phone in 1998 or later remains a user to this day. Pre-1998, only the richest people owned one and most of them hardly used it. Some, deterred by local call rates that went as high as Rs 60 per minute, kept them away in drawers. There was no second-hand market for cellphones in those days.
The year 1998 was also when Nokia launched the indestructible and utterly desirable 5110. Almost everyone had one or wanted one. It was also this writer's first phone and the year that marked the beginning of his love affair with cellphones.
The Nokia 5110 was ultra-durable, had user interchangeable covers, a stubby antenna, great battery life, crystal-clear call quality, a clear LCD screen and it popularised the game that we all know as 'Snake'. Importantly, this was the time when local call rates from a mobile phone were in the region of Rs 12 to Rs 18 per minute. Incoming calls were still not free at this point.
The Nokia 5110 was and is one of the most beautiful pieces of handheld technology ever created. It was fairly slim, lightweight, felt good in the hand, had stellar build quality and was a great first step into the world of mobile telephony. It powered on in precisely five seconds (unheard of today, in the age of smartphones) and had a standby time of a few days. The mono LCD was clear and legible under any lighting conditions.
Page 1 of 2

Express 5: Omar on J&K floods; RSS campaign against LoveJihadRead five special stories from The Indian Express before you start your day.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 8:40 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 8:48 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
OMAR ABDULLAH ON J&K FLOODS
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah addresses a press confrence in Srinagar on Friday, Sept 12, 2014. (Source: PTI Photo)
The suffering and difficulty that I’ve seen the people of my state go through has been unimaginable, and at times almost overwhelming, but I want others to get a sense of what it has been like to try and lead Jammu and Kashmir through these difficult times.
READ: Omar Abdullah: I can’t remember another natural disaster where govt was so completely paralysed 
RSS’ CAMPAIGN AGAINST LOVE JIHAD IN WESTERN UP
Tyagi and his 100-plus team of RSS volunteers attend calls, upload Facebook messages, go door-to-door and hold protests in western UP against ‘love jihad’, armed with Google Maps, WhatsApp and lawyers
READ: The Love Patrol
OPINION
There are ancient problems in our ancient land that are as important as national security and the economic slowdown, but us political pundits prefer to ignore them.
READ: Fifth column: Parivartan needed urgently
DAVIS CUP
Leander Paes and Rohan Bopanna pulled off one of the most stunning comebacks of India’s Davis Cup history against the highly-rated Serbians Nenad Zimonjic and Illija Bozoljac
IDEA EXCHANGE
AAP leader Manish Sisodia says Congress is cause of the problems which they want to change.
We knew from day one that we are not in for a majority in the Lok Sabha. We were not prepared, we did not have an organisation of that sort. Our candidates had very little time to prepare for the elections.

Fed and ECB drive bond market divergenceSeptember 10, 2014 9:25 am
Fed and ECB drive bond market divergence
By Michael Mackenzie in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f99720f2-3847-11e4-9fc2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee ends two paise higher at 60.93 vs US dollarUpdated: September 11, 2014 20:07 IST
Rupee ends two paise higher at 60.93 vs US dollar
PTI
currency values
Snapping a two-day declining trend, the rupee on Thursday managed to end two paise higher at 60.93 against the greenback after late dollar demand and negative cues from stocks washed out a major part of mid-session gains.
Dollar demand from importers and some banks on hopes of further rise in dollar value tracking talk of early interest rate hike by US Fed, mainly led the rupee to veer near its previous closing level of 60.95, a four-week low.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic unit resumed better at 60.87 a dollar and immediately touched a low of 60.9450.
Later, it bounced back in mid-session to a high of 60.7050 on dollar selling by exporters, before falling back due to weak local stocks and late dollar demand. It ended at 60.93, revealing a small rise of two paise or 0.03 per cent.
In previous two sessions, the rupee had tumbled 66 paise or 1.09 per cent.
An earlier than expected rate hike by US Federal Reserve might force foreign investors to shift their funds from emerging markets, including India.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex declined 61.54 points, or 0.23 per cent, extending losses for the third day.
FPIs/FIIs infused USD 35.64 million yesterday, as per provisional data with stock exchanges.
The dollar index was up by 0.10 per cent against a basket of six major global currencies.
Pramit Brahmbhatt, Veracity Group CEO said: “Rupee traded firm today, but as the day progressed it lost its way and gave up the gain to end near yesterday’s close. Weak local stocks dragged rupee down. Concerns are abound that Fed policymakers could hike interest rates at the coming policy meeting on September 16-17.”
The trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.50 to 61.50 against the dollar, he added. Currency markets would now track IIP and inflation data scheduled for Friday release. Globally, developments in the Middle-East and US initial jobless claims will also give cues.
In forwards market, premium remained weak on persistent receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February moved down to 234-236 paise from 237.5-239.5 paise previously.
Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 also eased to 487-489 paise from 489.5-491.5 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.9155 and for the euro at 78.6358.
The rupee dropped further against the pound to 98.97 from Wednesday’s close of 98.31 while recovered to 78.72 per euro from 78.84.
It also rebounded to 56.87 per 100 Japanese yen from 57.15 previously.

Leave Isis to the localsSeptember 11, 2014 6:10 pm
America must leave the defeat of Isis to local states
By Emile Simpson
Gung-ho battle cries slip off the tongue but raise the prospect of disaster, writes Emile Simpson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c28d686-39aa-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Doubts raised on US use of Somali strategySeptember 11, 2014 7:30 pm
Doubts raised over US use of Somalia strategy in Isis campaign
By Katrina Manson in Nairobi and Peter Salisbury in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f5f8a6c-39c7-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The world says No to Scottish separationLast updated: September 11, 2014 6:51 pm
The world is saying No to Scottish separation
By Philip Stephens
The Yes campaign has elected to play a cynical, bewildering and finite game of identity politics
©Ingram Pinn
The great thing about democracy is that you can change your mind. It makes space for spasms of anger as well as cool calculation. Throw out the rascals now and you can reconsider next time if the new lot come to disappoint. The referendum on Scottish independence is different. It leaves no room for buyer’s remorse. Once dissolved, the union cannot be recovered.
Travel beyond Britain’s shores and the persistent question you hear is the simplest one. Why? How can one of the world’s most successful multinational states contemplate such a wilful act of self-harm ?
More
Scots’ patriotic union
These overseas observers – American diplomats, European politicians, Chinese scholars – do not see a phoenix rising from the ashes of the old. They see a Scotland toying with a future of obscure irrelevance and a fractured Britain rushing to embrace decline.
I have not heard a single soul from Washington or Delhi, Brussels or Beijing suggest separation could be good for Scotland or Britain. “God forbid!” said a puzzled Sushma Swaraj, India’s foreign minister, when told this week that Scotland may indeed opt for separation.
Yet, in its way, rising support for Scottish secession fits a broader pattern. Globalisation is begetting nationalism. Exposed to the harsh winds of open markets, citizens are seeking refuge in more atavistic identities – sometimes ethnic and tribal, sometimes religious.
Alex Salmond , the leader of the Scottish National party, has reawakened the allegiance of the tribe. A state defined by its Scottishness, he is saying, will fare better alone. This is a confidence trick. But nationalists across Europe – most, it should be said, more visibly xenophobic than Mr Salmond – are selling the same delusion.
The Scots were once the adventurers and the administrators of Britain’s great imperial sweep across the globe. Now that has all gone, it is said that the glue has petrified. The truth is that it is hard to imagine a moment during the past 300 years when it would have been more foolish for the nations of Britain to separate. Prosperity and security in an age of great power competition belongs to those comfortable with multiple identities – the ones who bind themselves together in shared endeavour.
The pollsters say that the referendum outcome is too close to call. Panic in the unionist camp has seen the Conservatives, Labour and Liberal Democrats rush out plans to assure Scottish voters that a No vote next week would be followed quickly by a fresh devolution of power to the Edinburgh parliament.
The final days of the campaign thus promise to be a contest between momentum and sobriety. Mr Salmond hopes to be carried to victory by the energy and excitement of the Yes side. Unionists pray that voters will reflect – not just about the immediate risks of break-up, grave though they would be, but about the possibilities for a self-governing Scotland within the union.
Mr Salmond has the wind in his sails. The words that best describe the temper of European politics are disenchantment and distrust . The SNP leader is a creature of the establishment, but he has remade himself as the leader of an insurgency. You have to admire the political guile, if not the unabashed cynicism. As the vote approaches, the SNP has stripped off the veneer of civic nationalism to play the darker game of identity politics.
More video
At Westminster, the recriminations have already started. If there is a Yes vote there will be plenty of blame to share around. David Cameron is first in the line of fire. Were it not for the prime minister’s lazy insouciance, Scots could be voting next week for the settlement most of them said they wanted – self-rule within the union. Instead, he insisted the referendum be a binary choice between union and secession. Now he has had to recant, offering Scotland the “devolution max” he refused to put on the ballot paper. It could be too late.
In the long term Scotland would likely prosper as an independent state. Mr Salmond, however, refuses to separate fanciful wishful thinking from economic reality. Scotland would lose the immeasurable advantages of seamless interchange – political and cultural as well as economic – with the rest of the UK.
The nationalists gloss over too the profound economic shock that would follow separation. The financial markets are already offering something of a preview. Scotland would lose much of its financial services industry overnight. Foreign investment would dry up. “It’s nothing personal,” the boss of one leading Scottish institution with plans to head south has been heard say. “Strictly business . . . We could not take the risk.”
Unionists elsewhere in the UK should admit more than a modicum of self-interest. The loss of Scotland would diminish Britain in almost every dimension one can think of. The worry runs deeper than the economic disruption and damaging loss of international clout. A vote for separation would likely nurture identity politics south of the border – the rise of English nationalism. Mr Salmond is to Scotland what Nigel Farage, the leader of the UK Independence party , is to England. An England on its own could well quit the EU.
The hope of unionists now lies with those voters sorely tempted to throw a rock at the ancien regime, but perhaps as yet unsure of the finality of such a choice. They could do worse than ask the question posed by friends abroad. Why? A Yes to independence in the referendum is not just another cross on a ballot paper with consequences than can be revisited. Separation is forever.

India s Tata Motors up; Macquarie adds to "Asia Marquee Buy" listApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Women empowerment vital for global recovery  says IMF chiefUpdated: September 12, 2014 12:08 IST
Women empowerment vital for global recovery, says IMF chief
AP
AP File photo of International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde.
TOPICS
social security
"The global economy is not utilising women effectively", says Ms. Lagarde
Empowerment of women and equal opportunities are crucial for driving a stronger global economic recovery, and for revitalising Japan, the head of the International Monetary Fund said Friday.
The global recovery is too tepid and too turbulent, IMF chief Christine Lagarde told a gathering organised by the Japanese government and business groups to support Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s campaign to promote a stronger role for women in the economy.
“Even after the crisis abates, we will face grave challenges to growth,” Ms. Lagarde said.
The global economy is not utilising women effectively and is “tossing away economic growth at a time when it cannot afford such wanton waste,” she said.
Mr. Abe has made greater gender equality a priority in his “Abenomics” programme aimed at propelling the world’s third-largest economy out of a long deflationary slump. As its workforce ages and shrinks, Japan needs women to help fill labour shortages and drive economic growth.
Last week, Ms. Abe appointed five women as Ministers in a Cabinet reshuffle, matching the previous record set by former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi. But overall, few women hold political office or executive positions in business.
Japanese women rank high in terms of education, but tend to put their careers on hold to raise their families. Long working hours and limited access to affordable child and elder care are obstacles for working mothers, while employment and tax systems are structured to favour families with stay-at-home mothers. When women do return to work as their children get older, which most do, they generally can only get part-time, lower paying work.
While the gender gap for wages is almost universal, Japan’s is on the high side at a 29 percent gap even with equal educations and occupations, Ms. Lagarde said.
Globally, since women account for 70 percent of consumer spending, it makes sense to “put women in the driver’s seat,” she said.
Countries such as Japan need to change policies and laws, but also institutions, attitudes and culture in order to boost their growth potential by better using their female talent.
In some cases, countries have effectively used quotas to bring more women into leadership roles in business and government. Such quotas helped increase the proportion of women lawmakers in Rwanda’s parliament to over 50 percent.
Setting targets is another good option, said Catherine M. Russell, the U.S. ambassador-at-large for Global Women’s Issues.
“Having a goal in mind is best. It makes it clear where you are and are trying to get to,” she said.
Politics are only a start, though, and businesses need to understand that it is in their own interest to have greater gender equality, she said.

Xi to meet Modi amid Sino-Indian shift© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2c90d59a-3a35-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Top Pictures of todaypicture  others
Today’s Top Pictures – September 12, 2014
VIII Nizam Prince Mukarram Jah Asaf Jah's wife Princess Esra Birgin calling on Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrashekar Rao at his office in Hyderabad on on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Soldiers of Maratha Light Infantry Regimental Centre, Belgaum performs Malkhamb display (Pole gymnastics) as part Combined Display orgainsed at the Academy in Chennai on Friday. (Source: PTI)
A team from Madras Regimental Centre displays Kalaripayattu stunts as part Combined Display orgainsed at the Academy in Chennai on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Cricketer Rahul Dravid and actor Amol Palekar during a function for the launch of the book "Courage Beyond Compare" in Mumbai on Friday. (Source: PTI)
Narmada dam continues to overflow on Friday as rains lash the region. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
Overflowing gates of Narmada Dam. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
Workers clear the muck inside the lion's cage inside Kamatibaug in Vadodara, a day after the flood. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
The tiger finds a safe spot as the water recedes from his cage inside Kamatibaug in Vadodara. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
A crocodile swims through the waterlogged Kamatibaug zoo in Vadodara on Friday. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
Several baby crocodiles have gone missing from the waterlogged crocodile enclosure inside Kamatibaug garden following the floods in the city.  (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
Carcass of birds inside Kamatibaug zoo, a day after the water recedes. (Source: Express Photo by Bhupendra Rana)
Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh at a press conference in New Delhi on Friday. (Source: PTI)

Hero MotoCorp looks to expand global footprintNEW DELHI, September 12, 2014
Updated: September 13, 2014 01:00 IST
Hero MotoCorp looks to expand global footprint
Yuthika Bhargava
automobile
Hero MotoCorp, in line with its ambition to establish a global footprint, on Friday, said it expected to start selling products in the U.S. by 2016 and is looking at entering the Argentina market.
Speaking on the sidelines of the SIAM annual convention, company Vice Chairman and Managing Director Pawan Munjal said, “The products have to go through the testing process [in the U.S.]. Sales will most likely happen in the summer months of calendar 2016.”
Asked about foray into newer markets, he said, “We are serious pursuing Argentina… team is going there and doing due diligence. We are sure we would soon find a partner and launch there.”
The company would start operations in Brazil in 2016 and was now working on ethanol-powered engines for the market, he added.
In the run up to the festive season, the company is also launching 12 new refreshes of its products this year. “We have already started sending some products to the market and rest will be coming in the next few days,” Mr. Munjal said, adding that Hero expected to top last year’s sale of six lakh units during the 40-day festive season.
Additionally, Hero plans to launch three new models in the domestic market by early next year, including two new scooters.
Mr. Munjal said construction of its Gujarat plant would begin soon, while production at the facility would start by the third quarter of next financial year. The plant would have an installed capacity of 1.8 million units annually. The company’s current production capacity is 7.65 million units.
Commenting on the proposed plant in South India, he said the company was yet to finalise the site for the facility.
On whether the company is looking at hiking prices, he said, “There is pressure on pricing for sure so there will be some price corrections off and on.” He, however, did not provide specific details.

Protection to auto industry cannot beforever: Commerce Secretaryautomobile
In a veiled warning to the domestic auto sector, the Commerce Ministry, on Friday, said it could not continue providing protection to the industry while duty barriers were coming down all over the world.
“...we have to look at to what extent the present tariff protection to the auto sector is sustainable...we will have to question ourselves on the sustainability of a long-term tariff protection plan particularly in an environment where every country is bringing down tariffs,” Commerce Secretary Rajeev Kher said here.
He was speaking at the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers’ (SIAM) annual convention.
India is protecting the domestic auto industry from overseas competition while signing free trade agreements with different nations and groups.
Mr. Kher said while negotiating trade agreements one had to keep in mind the overall interest of different sectors.
“We have consciously over the last several years by creating a tariff protection have nurtured the industry, and I think the point has come when the automotive plan needs to look at to what extent we want to continue with that and how do we want to bring it down to some kind of global at par,” he said.
The negotiations for a free trade agreement between India and the 27-nation European Union got stuck mainly because of duty reduction in the auto sector. The EU demanded significant duty cut in the sector.
“When we look for a preferential trade relation, we clearly can’t have a win-win all in our account...do not look for a relationship in a trade agreement where it will be one way flow,” Mr. Kher said. However, he assured the industry that the Ministry would announce incentives to boost exports.
“In the Foreign Trade Policy (FTP), the auto sector will receive export incentives. The assurance I want to give you is that the sector will remain a beneficiary of the incentive programme under the FTP,” he said.

How Russia forced Ukraine into ceasefireSeptember 12, 2014 2:03 pm
How Russia forced Ukraine into a ceasefire with rebels
By Roman Olearchyk and Neil Buckley in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3a243bb4-3a5f-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scottish nationalist warns of day of reckoningSeptember 12, 2014 7:27 pm
Scottish nationalist warns of day of reckoning
By Mure Dickie in Edinburgh and George Parker in Glasgow, Ralph Atkins in London and Alice Ross in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f9c5a500-3a98-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chaotic fightback stalls Yes bandwagonIsis killing will fortify UK resolve, says Cameron
“We had to act fast – there was a real risk Salmond’s bandwagon would become unstoppable,” admitted one No campaigner.
By Friday, there was some breathing space for Mr Cameron and the beleaguered Better Together campaign. An ICM poll for the Guardian put the No side ahead by 51 to 49 – suggesting that Mr Salmond’s momentum had stalled.
However, an average of six opinion polls last week gave Yes 48.7, confirming that the campaign for Scottish independence is within touching distance of victory. The outlook for the 307-year-old UK remains critical.
The mood in Downing Street last weekend was bleak, as a YouGov poll gave the Yes side the lead for the first time. Douglas Alexander, Labour’s campaign chief in Scotland, and Danny Alexander, the Liberal Democrat Treasury minister, knew they needed to reboot their campaign urgently.
In the Better Together headquarters there was a fear that Mr Salmond would ride a tide of euphoria this week, turning the march towards separation into “a carnival”; the independence party would be so good that no one would bother to worry about the bill until later.
The first stage of the fightback was to deploy Mr Brown on Monday to outline a breakneck timetable for delivering new powers over tax and welfare to the Scottish parliament, if Scotland voted No next Thursday.
The co-ordination of Mr Brown’s statement at the Loanhead miners’ welfare club was shambolic, but at least it gave No campaigners something positive to say to Labour voters who were considering voting Yes.
As Mr Brown put it on Friday night at a Labour rally in Glasgow: “This is the week that locked in faster, better, safer change for a stronger Scotland in the United Kingdom.” It will become a mantra in the closing days of the campaign: you do not have to vote Yes to get more powers for Scotland.
More video
Meanwhile, Mr Cameron began turning the screws on reluctant business leaders to speak out against independence, issuing a “call to arms” at a Downing Street reception. Andrew Dunlop, his Scottish adviser, frantically bashed the phones.
The result was a trickle and then a torrent of chief executives warning that Scots would face higher food bills, higher taxes and the flight of their biggest banks – or at least their registered headquarters – if they were to vote Yes next week.
Mr Salmond and his team considered their response. The decision was not to engage in a detailed debate on the substance of the individual claims – rather to dismiss the business onslaught as “scaremongering” orchestrated by shadowy figures at Westminster and fanned by a hostile BBC.
In depth

Nationalism marches towards uncertaintySeptember 12, 2014 8:01 pm
Scottish nationalism marches towards uncertain future
By John McDermott
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f19dc66-3a9d-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rivals spur Tottenham push for Asian fansFebruary 13, 2014 6:40 am
Rivals spur Tottenham drive for Asian fans
By Paul J Davies in Hong Kong and Roger Blitz in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e39e9dd6-93c2-11e3-a0e1-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Three charged for yid football chantJanuary 21, 2014 8:09 pm
Three charged for “yid” football chant at Spurs matches
By Roger Blitz, Leisure Industries Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b916206-82c8-11e3-8119-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rouble slides to fresh low as sanctions unveiledAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

Dangerous demagogue turned peacemaker© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/10b88bdc-cdd6-11e2-a13e-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former first minister Ian Paisley diesLast updated: September 12, 2014 5:37 pm
Former Northern Ireland first minister Ian Paisley dies, aged 88
By Barney Thompson and Vincent Boland
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b3de1a26-3a71-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Castro and Gates pledge aid for EbolaSeptember 12, 2014 5:25 pm
Castro and Gates unlikely allies in fight against Ebola
By Andrew Ward in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5bed81ea-3a75-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Home lending rises but enquiries slowSeptember 12, 2014 6:20 pm
Home lending rises but enquiries slow
By James Pickford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/46377330-3a73-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

More lenders cut mortgage interest ratesSeptember 12, 2014 6:12 pm
More lenders cut mortgage interest rates
By James Pickford
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e83bd396-38d0-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Finding fanny: Lost and foundSpecial Arrangement LOVE STORIES A scene from "Finding Fanny"
TOPICS
Hindi cinema
How far will you go to find love? After a Bollywood “Cocktail”, Director Homi Adajania drinks neat and manages to capture the quirks of love and longing with lust playing hide and seek. On the surface it appears as nothing more than absurd humour highlighting the eccentricities of five Goans caught in a time warp. But as the wrap unravels, Homi delivers the bitter uncertainties of life in the form of a sweet pill without letting us know what he is up to. Like a seasoned magician he takes the carpet off our feet when you least expect it.
It is a kind of film which keeps a smile on your face but at the same time makes you feel guilty about how pride can ruin budding relationships. It shows us the shapes unrequited love can take. It is this twitchy feeing that makes this screwball comedy special. Not many films manage to make the heart twinge these days, when, like many things, emotions are also manufactured.
FINDING FANNY
Director: Homi Adajania
Cast: Naseeruddin Shah, Deepika Padukone, Arjun Kapoor, Pankaj Kapur, Dimple Kapadia
Bottomline: More than just a road movie, it’s a journey to clear the cobwebs that most hearts develop.
Set in Pocolim, a fictional Goan village where change is not the only constant in life, an aging postman Ferdie cries one night when he finds a letter that he posted more than four decades has returned to him. It is a letter where Ferdie had spelt out his emotions for Stephanie Fernandes (Anjali Patil). A young angelic widow Angie (Deepika Padukone) helps him to find Stephanie or Fanny by putting together a journey where they are joined in by Angie’s frenzied widowed mother in law Rosie (Dimple Kapadia). They need a car and a driver. So they lure Don Podro (Pankaj Kapur), a painter in love with Rosie’s voluptuous body and the brooding Savio (Arjun Kapoor), who was in love with Angie but was too proud to express it.
Rosie comes with her cat Nareus, who soon becomes a metaphor for what these travellers are hiding. As the masks come off, mirth and melancholy become intimate bedfellows, best captured in the scene where Angie gives Savio a polite dressing down after making love. Or the one where Don Podro discovers that his passion for Rosie is only skin deep.
One has learnt that the screenplay is drawn from a yet to be published novel by Homi’s long time collaborator Kersi Khambatta. Though it doesn’t guarantee but when you draw from a well soaked material, chances are that the characters don’t crumble easily. Also the dialogues don’t slip into contrivances. The film is made in English and there is not a single moment where you feel that these people are putting up a façade. There is a Hindi dub version playing in theatres as well. This critic watched both and found that not much has lost in translation. It is partly because Homi has retained crucial words and sentences in English and largely because he hasn’t relied only on words to express the quirks of the characters. A lot has been captured through expressions and he has got the cast to deliver the goods. Take the opening scene where Ferdie discovers that the letter never reached Fanny. Before Homi spill the details, Naseer conveys the pain of the unrequited love through his mien. Seasoned cinematographer Anil Mehta turns the languid pace of the place into a work of art and French composer Mathias Duplessy tunes and arrangements generate the Portuguese flavour even when the lines go the “Mahi vey”.
With “Cocktail”, Homi established that Deepika has more to her than just a pretty face. Angie is the opposite of Veronica but as we found an Angie in Veronica, here we discover a streak of Veronica in Angie. Playing an irresistible dame who will say sorry before slaying, Deepika takes off the fineries of Bollywood and you can sense the freedom from baggage in her performance. Arjun shows restraint with his scowls and for once sounds genuine in his anguish. Kapur doesn’t allow the flamboyant Don Podro to go over the top but it is Dimple who lends scars to this otherwise pretty-faced film as the lady whose fragile ego and frantic disposition often lead to funny results. Things get untangled rather easily towards the end making one feel that Homi hasn’t paid heed to don Podro’s advice – ‘In art there is no compromise.’ Still there are many reasons to get lost!

Jammu and Kashmir floods: Struggle for relief continuespicture  others
Jammu and Kashmir floods: Struggle for relief continues
As flood response efforts move from rescue to relief and rehabilitation, Jammu and Kashmir government on Friday announced a Rs 200 crore assistance package, first instalment of Rs 75,000 to the homeless for rebuilding homes and Rs 3.5 lakh ex-gratia for the kin of the dead. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
According to latest reports, more than 1,25,000 people were rescued from the worst-ever floods to hit the state in 109 years.
A five day old baby suffers from jaundice in flood affected Kashmir.  (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
The relief package under which free rations will be also supplied for six months was unveiled by Chief Minister Omar Abdullah as a shaken state government embarked on some decisive steps after coming under fire over the handling of the flood crisis.(Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
The Supreme Court also stepped in asking the Centre to apprise it on Monday on the urgent steps undertaken to accelerate rescue, relief and rehabilitation operations, observing that "a calamity and disaster" as huge as the one witnessed in floods in J and K "deserves national response".
A helicopter with food packets for flood victims. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
As the flood waters receded in Srinagar and other towns in the Valley, civil and military rescue personnel were expediting efforts to reach out to tens of thousands of people still stranded since torrential rains pounded the state on September two. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Addressing a press conference at the airport, Omar said no estimate could be given on the exact death toll now because the situation was still fluid. However, as the magnitude of the disaster unfolded, officials yesterday said the death toll was around 250. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Omar also said he has called an All Party meeting tomorrow to discuss the situation. "We will seek suggestions from other parties to improve the relief and rescue operations in the state," he said, adding," giving relief to people is an enormous challenge." (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Of the Rs 200 crore assistance announced from the state's distress relief fund, the Chief Minister said Rs 100 crore will be given to each of the two provinces--Jammu and Kashmir. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
"We want this to be paid in cash to the affected people like it was done during Uri earthquake in 2005 and Ladakh cloud burst," he said. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Omar said an ex-gratia of Rs 3.5 lakh will be given to kin of those killed in the floods and financial assistance of Rs 75,000 as initial instalment for those who lost their homes for rebuilding them. The ex-gratia for the kin of the deceased will include Rs 2 lakh announced by the Prime Minister earlier. (Source: Express photo by Tashi Tobgyal)

Margins will improve as capacity utilisation goes up: CEO  Snowman LogisticsYou are here: Home > Collections > Mumbai
Margins will definitely improve as capacity utilisation goes up: Ravi Kannan, Snowman Logistics
ET Now Sep 12, 2014, 05.43PM IST
ET Now caught up with Gopinath Pillai, Chairman, Snowman Logistics Ltd and Ravi Kannan, CEO & Director, Snowman Logistics Ltd, for their business outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: Tell us a little bit more about Snowman and which segment do you think will be your growth drivers?
Gopinath Pillai: Snowman, basically, is one of the leading players in the control temperature segment of the logistics industry. Its main growth drivers are confectionary, food (mainly seafood), poultry and other meat items, high value vegetables and some industrial products like pharmaceuticals.
ET Now: What is your current margin profile and if you could give us a break up of the revenue profile?
Ravi Kannan: Today, we work at the blended margin at around 25%, wherein the warehousing generates almost 40% of the margin and the balance comes from the distribution. In our business, the more you scale it up, the more the margins are going to increase, because we have a fixed cost in terms of infrastructure, which will not going to change for us. So, the margins will definitely improve as capacity utilisation goes up. So I think our margins will increase as well as the utilisation.
ET Now: Do you see improvement in margins, especially post the expansion near Mumbai?
Gopinath Pillai: The margins have been growing gradually. There is some problem with EBITDA because of the interest element because we have borrowed money for expanding, but once we have the IPO funds, it will normalise. Then the margins would be even better.
ET Now: You do not have much presence in North and Central India. Any expansion plans there?
Gopinath Pillai: Yes, we are looking at sites. The process is rather slow, because we need to evaluate and need to be either in the area of consumption or in the area of manufacturing. Usually, the consumption area is not long term, because consumption patterns change. If you are next to the manufacturer, that is a longer term. So you have got to take various factors into account, but we definitely will be expanding. However, it is difficult for me to tell you now where or by how much.
ET Now: Can you tell us more about what sort of clients you are dealing with right now or is it dominated largely by FMCG players?
Ravi Kannan: We have also moved out of food as well as we tap pharmaceuticals and industrial products, like we have industrial products like Fuji Filam and Michelin tyres. Also in the pharmaceutical segments, we have a company called Ranbaxy and GSK.
  ET Now: What is your current capacity utilisation and do you see it improving post completion of your Mumbai expansion?
Ravi Kannan: Expansion is on the right track and we are hoping to open the Mumbai warehouse as well on time. Once the Mumbai warehouse comes in, our margins will definitely go up because Mumbai is one of the key locations for us, since it has got the consumption and is a sourcing point.
ET Now: What is your current capacity utilisation?
Gopinath Pillai: The current utilisation is about 82%, but before we started the expansion, we used to reach as high as 100%. Once the expansion is settled in a more normal fashion, our utilisation will go up to 90-95%.
ET Now: Any government incentives that your business gets and that really could impact your business?
Ravi Kannan: As far as the government is concerned, for the last three years, they have announced quite a few plans for us. Basically, we get excise benefits on the imported items. Second, on the depreciation part, we get 35AD benefits and third, going forward, the government will look at the other benefits of encouraging people like us to put up a warehouse in India.
As far as the GST is concerned, we expect the volumes to go up from our customers. Today, moving up products from one state to another takes some time, but GST becomes seamless, it will help us a lot in increasing our volumes.
ET Now: Fuel and electricity costs have been rising in India. Will this impact your margins and profitability going forward?
Ravi Kannan: Today, we have a very clear metrics with the customers. There is power shortage in some locations. So what we do is beyond a certain 30-day working cycle, if there is a power shortage beyond X amount hours, we pass through this to the customers. We do not see the pressure coming on us. In a similar way on the fuel like as well, we pass on this to the customers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Twitter s 140-character limit is improving users  language skillsNew York: Expressing your thoughts and views in 140 characters on Twitter may actually be improving your language skills, shows a new study.
To prove this, researchers looked at the top 100 most commonly used words on Twitter.
Out of the 100 most used words, only two were shortened "RT" (shortened for re-tweet) and "u" (shortened for you).
"Twitter may actually be improving its users' writing as it forces them to wring meaning from fewer letters," researchers argued. ( Twitter , via Shutterstock)
The rest of the words averaged about 4.5 letters and none were contractions.
"Twitter may actually be improving its users' writing as it forces them to wring meaning from fewer letters," researchers argued.
According to them, a person tweeting has no option but concision and in a backward way, "the character limit actually explains the slightly longer word length we see".
Given finite room to work, longer words mean fewer spaces between them, which means less waste.
"Although the thoughts expressed on Twitter may be foreshortened but there is no evidence here that they are diminished," the study concluded.
The study appeared in OkCupid founder Christian Rudder's new book titled "Dataclysm: Who We Are (When We Think No One's Looking)".

Bank Nifty may hit 16 500-16 600 levels in few daysBank Nifty
(Targets should be met possibly…)
In a chat with ET Now, Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com , shares his views on the market as well as some stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: While 8100 was recouped, do you think that we are going to face a little bit of resistance at these levels?
Mitesh Thacker: It is more of a consolidation. After the strong breakout on Monday, the Nifty opened with a gap up during the last week and then it filled the gap, but it did not break the 10-day average, which is positive.
The other thing which happened positively was the CNX PSU banking index gave a fresh breakout and a buy signal. Within the banking lot, the Bank Nifty has been making newer highs over the last two-three weeks, but the PSU banking lot was not participating. With the CNX PSU bank index, particularly made out of only the PSU banks giving you a buy and a breakout signal, the Bank Nifty could accelerate in the next few days to come by and the Nifty should resume its uptrend after a few more days of consolidation, and may possibly head towards the range of 8200-8250.
ET Now: It has been interesting for midcaps pharma stocks which have managed to hold out. What looks interesting on the charts?
Mitesh Thacker: We have been tracking SPARC that has been doing very well, but it corrected along with Sun Pharma in the last two days. Dishman has been another stock which we have been broadly recommending for a number of days. It is heading up to the levels of 170. My belief is that the uptrend remains intact and the decline should be used to buy into midcap pharma stocks, especially after the run up which we have gone through in the last two days. Wait for a pullback to short-term 10-day averages, and then try to buy into it. I would still maintain a positive bias on stocks like Dishman.
ET Now: What stands out on the charts and is there anything that you would like to flag off in terms of a chart pattern that you like?
Mitesh Thacker: I am not really in OMCs. IOC was trying to give a breakout on Fridayafternoon, but the closing was pretty weak over there. Between OMCs and the PSU banks, it is the PSU banks which are showing signals of a new trend starting.
I would rather focus there instead of trying to buy into BPCL, HPCL, and IOC. OMCs are the stocks which are showing some kind of momentum slowdown and supply emerges at higher levels. So maybe they will go through consolidation after two-three weeks of good run-up and then we will look into them. But for the time being, it is the PSU banking lot.
ET Now: For those who have missed the bus, what would you advise them when it comes to the auto ancillary basket?
Mitesh Thacker: There are stocks which might still break out. For example, Amtek Auto gave the signals of a breakout on Friday. If you look at the last three months of price history, it is doing about 220 on the downside to about 270 on the upside. Fridayintraday high was 266, while the closing was around 255.
 
So, once the stock starts getting past 270, it will give some kind of technical breakout and then we can look at targets of around 320-325 levels on the upside. So I would be patient, slowly accumulate and then add or double the quantity when the breakout happens.
ET Now: Do you see any steam in some of the individual shipping counters like SCI and Bharti Shipyard?
Mitesh Thacker: Bharti Shipyard is a stock which is trying to make some kind of bottom formation after it managed to hold on to its 200-day average at levels of 32. It has met the first target of 45. which is where the stock had peaked out in June. But once it starts getting past 45, 48, I would look at a slightly positional kind of target of around 60 on the upside.
SCI is also in a good shape. Again, it needs to start getting past the levels of 70 and once it does that, then you could see a sustained uptrend developed over here. We can look at targets of around 82-85 on the upside.
ET Now: What are the important levels that you would be watching out for in Bank Nifty futures?
Mitesh Thacker: The Bank Nifty had a very strong closing, as I said earlier. It is aided by the CNX PSU banking index, which gave a breakout and a buy signal. The Bank Nifty index could hit 16,500-16,600 levels in the next few days. We have maintained those targets and those should be met possibly by Tuesday or Wednesday. So I would be quite positive and look at taking profits once we hit around 16,600 levels on the upside.
ET Now: What stocks would you recommend?
Mitesh Thacker: Exide has seen a very strong breakout taking place over there. That forms a part of the recommendations, but apart from that I have got a buy on Jyoti Structures, which started a fresh uptrend. So that is a buy with a stop below 45. Look for targets of 56-57. State Bank of India again is a stock which I have recommended in the past, but with the PSU banking index giving a breakout, SBI and Bank of Baroda appear to be leading the rally. SBI is a buy with a stop at 2600 for a first target of 2705.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Markets end flat to keep winning spree intactTulemino Antao |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 09:03 PM IST
Markets end flat to keep winning spree intact
India recorded its heaviest spell of monsoon rains in 2014 in the past week
Benchmark share indices managed to keep their winning spree intact for the fifth straight week, as record highs on Monday helped offset losses in the latter sessions of the week ended September 12. The 30-share Sensex ended up 34 points at 27,061 and the 50-share Nifty closed 19 points higher at 8,106.
However, the action shifted to the broader markets this week with both the BSE Mid-cap and Small-cap indices hitting 52-week highs of 10,018.51 and 11,202.46, respectively.
Interestingly, the BSE Mid-cap Index crossed the 10,000-mark after a gap of more than six years. The index had breached this mark for the first time on January 2, 2008 and is just 227 points shy of its record high of 10,246 touched in intra–day trade on January 8, 2008. The BSE Mid-cap Index ended up three per cent at 9,983 and the BSE Small-cap Index ended up five per cent at 11,167.
Consumer Price Index (CPI)-based inflation in August eased to 7.8 per cent, slightly lower than 7.96 per cent in July. However, food inflation during the month under review rose to 9.42 per cent over 9.36 per cent in July, an official release said.
In July, India's industrial growth fell to 0.5 per cent, the lowest this financial year, owing to contraction in manufacturing after three months, official data showed on Friday. While industrial growth in June stood at 3.9 per cent, it was 2.6 per cent in July 2013.
Meanwhile, India recorded its heaviest spell of monsoon rains in 2014 in the past week, logging in surplus for the second straight week, raising hopes of a delayed retreat of the four-month season.
Cipla emerged as the top Sensex gainer up nearly 10 per cent after the pharma major said it has entered into a commercial collaboration with S&D Pharma in the Czech Republic and Slovakia. S&D Pharma, which represents other global drug companies in the two countries, will physically distribute all products, including those to treat respiratory ailments.
SBI ended up 4.4 per cent. The state-owned banking major denied receiving any communication from the British banking regulator, Prudential Regulatory Authority, asking it to convert branches in the island nation into a wholly-owned subsidiary. Tata Motors ended up two per cent after its UK-based premium luxury car maker Jaguar Land Rover reported nine per cent rise in August sales at 30,249 units.
Maruti Suzuki ended up three per cent after the company projected double-digit sales growth during the current financial year.
State-owned ONGC ended down three per cent and Coal India closed 3.6 per cent lower after the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs approved selling 10 per cent of the government's stake in Coal India, five per cent in ONGC.
ITC rebounded to end with marginal gains of 1.6 per cent. According to media reports, the government may come out with stringent measures to curb smoking. Snowman Logistics, the country's largest cold storage warehousing chain, saw its shares soar at stock market debut on Friday. The stock closed at Rs 79.80, up 70 per cent compared to its issue price of Rs 47 a share.
Week ahead
The markets could be under pressure early next week after data showed weak industrial growth in July. The government is also scheduled to release wholesale price inflation data for August on Monday. Further, stock-specific movement could be seen after second instalment of advance tax payments by corporates on are released on Monday.
The initial public offering from Shemaroo Entertainment opens on Tuesday, September 16, in the price band of Rs 155-170 per share of face value Rs 10 each to raise up to Rs 120 crore. On the global front, cues from the US Federal Reserve two-day policy meet which ends on Wednesday will be closely watched.
 Advertisements

"Banks  core competence is currency and credit  not precious metals"Dilip Kumar Jha |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 04:56 PM IST
"Banks' core competence is currency and credit, not precious metals"
MMTC PAMP has proposed the government the re-launch of a Gold Monetisation Scheme (GMS) with 2-3 per cent interest and a minimum 40-50 grams of gold deposits. The key for the scheme's success will be lower quantity of minimum deposit along with trust and expertise of MMTC says Rajesh Khosla, managing director of MMTC Pamp, India's only LBMA (London Bullion Markets Association), approved refinery in an interview with Dilip Kumar Jha. Edited excerpts :
MMTC PAMP has proposed the government the re-launch of a Gold Monetisation Scheme (GMS) with 2-3% interest and a minimum 40-50 grams of gold deposits. The key for the scheme's success will be lower quantity of minimum deposit along with trust and expertise of MMTC says Rajesh Khosla, managing director of MMTC Pamp, India's only LBMA (London Bullion Markets Association), approved refinery in an interview with Dilip Kumar Jha. Edited excerpts :
Why gold monetisation scheme?
Introduced originally in 1999, Gold Monetisation Scheme (GMS) intends to provide an opportunity an individual to earn interest on idle asset with safety liquidity and tax benefits. At the same time idle gold in the country can be put into productive use and reduce import. RBI had accordingly formulated guidelines to enable banks authorized to deal in gold to prepare their own Gold Deposit Scheme (GDS). However, this scheme did not get a very good response from the Indian households.
India's march towards attaining self-sufficiency in gold hinges on its ability to mobilize a significant part of the 25,000 tonnes of its above ground holding in investment bars and jewellery forms. Various schemes tried in the past to mobilize gold from individual households and reduce imports thereupon but with little success. Past schemes were tailored for banks and large gold holders overlooking the yellow metal held by India's teeming millions.
SBI launched such scheme in 2009 with hardly any response. Where, according to you, SBI went wrong ?
State Bank of India launched GDS in 2009 when the global economic turmoil had created demand for the yellow metal. According to this scheme if you possessed gold you could deposit it at bank and earn a small interest on it. Under this scheme the interest and the deposit were exempted from wealth tax, capital gains tax and income tax on interest earned. In case of exigencies you could pledge the GDS and avail loan. However, since minimum deposit was 500 grams, it could not fetch an encouraging response.
Banks' core competence is currency and credit, not precious metals. It is appropriate that banks focus on what they are good at-mobilizing deposits and handling the risks associated with transforming them into loans. Transparency in assurance, storage, tracking and management of metal deposits are best done by an organization that has the competence to provide the precious metal part of the transaction on behalf of the banks.
 
How is this scheme different from the one by SBI ?
The new gold monetizing scheme will treat gold deposit like fixed deposits and interest earned on it will be paid in gold instead of rupees. A 'gold account' will have to be opened with the bank by the retail customer. The gold can then be deposited for a maximum tenure of three years and the rate of interest will be tentative depending upon the prevailing interest scenario. Banks can lend this gold to jewellers or deposit it with the Reserve Bank of India that will free rupee liquidity which in turn will have an impact on the earnings. Bullion industry has already made a presentation on the scheme to leading banks in the country and is waiting for their response. According to the new gold monetization scheme proposed with RBI, a gold account holder can place as little as 20 gm of gold with the bank. The scheme if implemented will address more than 90% of gold consumers in India, who do not possess more than 500 gm of gold. It will be fine tuned further basis the feedback from banks which are contesting it on the ground of consumer guarantee on the purity of gold.
 
What prompted you to launch GMS ?
Last year, the current account deficit has snowballed and became the biggest worry for the government. Gold accounts for second largest import in value terms after oil. The new government is keen on introducing schemes to cut down dependence on imports and I am hopeful that a modified GMS will be implemented soon that can cater to the vast population that holds gold.
 
What's MMTC PAMP's interest in GMS ?
MMTC -PAMP will be an enabler in the GMS since it is the only refinery to be accredited with LBMA (London Bullion Markets Association) MMTC-PAMP is working on advanced software which would be ready by October. It will take a while but we are in preliminary discussions with banks to fine tune the scheme as it will involve a huge logistical exercise and has many stakeholders.We will collect, assay, transport, refine and re-transport gold as instructed by banks if the scheme takes off.
MMTC-PAMP, is working on a gold metal account scheme that would help small retail gold consumers deposit their gold, melt and earn interest on it. It is a move that could help mitigate the meagre gold supply situation in India, which has caused a high current account deficit (CAD) owing to high imports. This would go a long way in helping the country meet its 'insatiable appetite' for gold.
 
What are the key to the scheme's success ?
The successful implementation and operation of an all India Gold Monetisation Scheme depends on; a) national network of Purity Verification Centers, b) world class refining and fabrication facility, c) secure storage and distribution services, and d) end-to-end software customized for the operations. Further the Scheme must cater to the requirements of all stakeholders, viz. retail depositors, jewellers / borrowers, Banks and RBI. It must support all related business flows and in the ultimate analysis enable efficiency gains. The advent of world-class domestic refining in India finally provides this platform.
Such a well-coordinated GMS motivates banks due to inherent advantages of verified collateral based lending by Banks; households that hold gold unproductive benefit by providing an easy mechanism to unlock the value of their asset by a reliable and credible institution that values that asset in a manner that gives high weight to customer service; and all this circumscribed by the ease of monetizing gold as simple as operating ones' bank account.
 
What is the progress of the proposal ?
A concept has been proposed to the Government. We will have to involve banks, the RBI and the Finance Ministry. At this stage, we are explaining to all stake-holders how the scheme will work.
A customer has to forego at least 15% of making charges on jewellery while converting ornaments into pure gold. They get gold on surrendering the account which on conversion into jewellery will cost them 15%  more as making charges. So, consumers will earn just 8-9% against their accumulative loss of 30%. How will this scheme beneficial for consumers ?
When a customer comes to a purity verification center, its gold is melted and assayed in front of the customer. There is negligible charge since the gold is for the GMS and its subsequent re-deployment will generate the economic return for the bank. The cost to the customer will be less than 1%. The customer has the assurance of the bank on the gold it has put on deposit.
 Advertisements

Olacab slashes fares to Rs 10/km  becomes  cheapest  way to travel in DelhiApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

ABVP trumps NSUI in Delhi University electionsWatch: Actresses back Deepika Padukone after row over objectionable caption by a national daily on her picture
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

E-commerce companies broaden product horizonAnusha Soni |  New Delhi Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 11:05 PM IST
E-commerce companies broaden product horizon
With the launch of DNA-testing services, Snapdeal joins the bandwagon of Indian e-commerce players venturing into new areas
E-commerce companies are venturing into new areas, selling houses, adult products and even preventive health care online. The latest to jump on the bandwagon is Snapdeal, which launched DNA-testing services on Wednesday.
Experts say the diversification reflects the euphoria surrounding e-commerce. “Globally, marketplace giants such as Alibaba sell almost everything online. At Amazon, too, you could almost find everything,” says Rehan Yar Khan, managing partner at Orios Venture Partners, which has invested in companies such as Druva and Olacabs.
Snapdeal has been innovative in introducing categories such as scooters, homes and now, DNA-testing services. The website sells 8,000-10,000 scooters a month and claims to have recorded about 1,000 registrations for new apartments on the day of the launch. In the first week, it sold apartments worth Rs 40 crore.
Kunal Bahl, co-founder and chief executive of Snapdeal, says venturing into new categories is a strategy to cater to the huge demand for off-beat products. “All new category and product additions on snapdeal.com are in response to fresh and innovative ideas in the market, which will provide solutions to unanswered consumer needs,” he says.
Recently, Flipkart entered the adult products category. It had also launched its third private label in the home appliances category, following similar labels in the apparel and electronics segments. Sachin Bansal, co-founder and chief executive of Flipkart, had earlier said “Everything, other than automobile and grocery, is fair play.”
Experts, however, caution against hasty category expansion, which might dilute the brand value of these companies. “While experimentation with new categories must be encouraged, one needs to ensure quality and the right consumer experience for all products sold. Hasty launches, done without much thought and research, could pose reliability issues for e-commerce companies,” said Arvind Singhal, chairman and managing director, Technopak India.
Though e-tailing is still a small contributor India’s retail segment, accounting for only 0.4 per cent of the overall market, it is growing rapidly. It is expected this segment will be worth $32 billion by 2020, against the current $2.3 billion.
NEW FRONTIERS FOR INDIAN E-COMMERCE
Recently, Flipkart entered the adult products category
E-commerce companies are venturing into new areas, selling houses, adult products and even preventive health care online
Snapdeal launched DNA-testing services

Demand for Bank of India s Basel-III bonds picks upNeelasri Barman & M Saraswathy |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 09:27 PM IST
Demand for Bank of India's Basel-III bonds picks up
Under the new norms call options on additional tier-I debt will now be allowed at five years, against 10 years earlier
Bank of India’s Basel-III compliant bonds have been trading at a premium, owing to demand in the secondary market. This follows the Reserve Bank of India saying call options on additional tier-I debt will now be allowed at five years, against 10 years earlier.
Bank of India’s Basel-III bonds had a call option at the end of the 10th year. Under the call option, bond issuers can reset the coupon rate after a specific period.
Experts say companies, high net worth individuals, traders and pension funds have been buying these bonds from the secondary market. National Stock Exchange data show the bonds are currently trading at a premium of about Rs 2. The demand is despite the fact that there isn’t much liquidity in these bonds.
In August, Bank of India had raised Rs 2,500 crore through perpetual bonds, which complied with Basel-III norms. The bonds had a coupon rate of 11 per cent.
“The coupon rate of 11 per cent on these is very attractive; others who tap the market might not offer such a high coupon. Besides, Bank of India is a systematically important bank, owing to which investors are willing to buy its bonds. Due to these factors, there is demand for these bonds as, therefore, these are trading at a premium,” said Ajay Manglunia, senior vice -president (fixed income), Edelweiss Securities.
Experts said though the bank had paid a higher coupon to attract investors, with the new norms of call option at the end of the fifth year, the rate would be lower by about 100 basis points.
However, a few believe despite a coupon of 11 per cent and the bonds trading at a premium, not many insurers are buying these, preferring government securities instead. “I do not see the appetite for these bonds increasing, at least in the near term. Yes, some interest will be there. But that is not enough to drive the prices beyond a certain level in the secondary market,” said a bond trader.
While a handful of life insurance companies are said to have invested in the bank’s Basel-III compliant bonds, investment officials say only top life insurers, including Life Insurance Corporation of India, have the investable asset size and spread to take a risk on this instrument.
Further, insurance executives are also considering the all aspects of the bonds, before deciding to invest in these. A K Sridhar, chief investment officer, IndiaFirst Life Insurance Company, said the company wasn’t considering the yields alone, but also the fact that this instrument was quasi-equity. “We will prefer to invest in pure debt, as in the case of Basel-III bonds, an entity not making profits need not pay interest,” he said.
 Advertisements

Health Insurance TPA of India to begin operations by AprilM Saraswathy |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 09:26 PM IST
Health Insurance TPA of India to begin operations by April
Gets Irda nod; external TPAs will continue to serve state-owned general insurers
The Health Insurance TPA of India Ltd, set up to manage the health claims of public-sector general insurers, would begin operations by April 2015, an official said. The company had secured the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (Irda) licence two months ago, he added.
TPA licences are valid for three years and can be renewed upon expiry.
However, this does not mean that the entire TPA business of public general insurers will be transferred to the Health Insurance TPA of India, said the general manager with a state-owned general insurer. This is because external TPAs will continue to serve state-owned general insurers and 50-55 per cent business would remain with them.
The Health Insurance TPA of India Ltd is a joint venture of the National Insurance Company, New India Assurance Company, United Insurance Company, Oriental Insurance Company and General Insurance Corporation of India. The first four have 23.75 per cent stake each and GIC has five per cent.
The Health Insurance TPA will look into the health claims and handle a majority of the claims received by these general insurers. Its mandate is to prevent large-scale leakages, while settling insurance claims in the health segment. It is also supposed to process the claims of public general insurers in-house.
While the Competition Commission of India (CCI) has ordered an investigation against General Insurers’ (Public Sector) Association of India and public-sector general insurers for alleged anti-competitive practices, insurance officials said the claim management process would be equally spread.
CCI has observed Opposite Parties have floated in-house TPAs to reduce their claim ratio, which could potentially result into rejection of claims on an ad-hoc basis. The Commission found the said practice not to be in alignment with the prevailing global practices, where the TPAs and insurers operate independently.
The Health Insurance TPA is expected to reduce costs for these companies, which pay a commission of six per cent of premiums to TPAs for settling claims. Currently, most claims in the health segment are handled by external players, which has increased the time taken to settle claims.
Although there are fears that claims could be rejected, officials say the new company will operate independently. “Health Insurance TPA of India would take an independent decision. The public general insurers just own shares in the company,” said an official.
The entity has been formed with an authorised capital of Rs 300 crore and a paid-up capital of Rs 10 crore.
 Advertisements

Dialling rural India pays off for Idea CellularApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

New Motor Bill: Steep penalties  7-year jail term for death of childApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Pfizer and Ranbaxy win dismissal of lawsuit over generic LipitorApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Army pays tribute to soldiers who died during rescueoperationPrint
Express News Service | Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:26 am
The Army Saturday paid tribute to two soldiers — Naik Khem Chandra and rifleman Meer Owaise Hussain — who lost their lives during a rescue operation in Sambur area on September 5.
On Saturday morning, the Army cleared the war memorial at HQ 15 Corps, which was waterlogged till a day ago, to lay a wreath on the mortal remains of Chandra. Lt Gen Subrata Saha, General Officer Commanding, 15 Corps led the ceremony. Meanwhile, the Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry Centre paid a tribute to Hussain.
Chandra’s mortal remains were sent to Delhi, from where they would be sent to his native village in Uttarakhand. Owaise is a native of Dadasara village of Pulwama district in J&K.
The two soldiers were part of a team out to rescue villagers. During the rescue operation, the bund on river Jhelum broke. While most of the soldiers swam to safety or were rescued, Chandra and Owaise were swept away.

Flood water recedes  but fear over casualties grows in SrinagarFlood water recedes, but fear over casualties grows in Srinagar
Sukhdeep Kaur , Hindustan Times  Srinagar, September 14, 2014
First Published: 00:54 IST(14/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:34 IST(14/9/2014)
Comments
As the flood waters recede in Srinagar, speculation on the number of the dead is rising. A news agency on Saturday said that the bodies of 14 children were found in the GB hospital. Health authorities have said a few infants died owing to waterborne diseases but the 300 patients were rescued and sent to the army hospital at Badami Bagh.
Members of a Kashmiri family wade through a waterlogged street in Srinagar's Bemina area. (PTI Photo)
There were also unsubstantiated reports of bodies flowing into Pakistan-Occupied Kashmir.
But doctors and other experts fear that the death toll will spike due to the water-borne diseases which follow floods, rather than the floods themselves.
Within a week, Srinagar has turned into a garbage dump.
Rejected relief material can be seen floating in the Jhelum with the carcasses of animals. Packets of bread, milk powder and bottles of drinking water float on the muddied waters even as the army, volunteers and NDRF ferry up and down the river trying to provide aid.
Read: Water levels in north Kashmir matter of concern, says Omar
“It is disease that will claim more lives than the floods. The contaminated water has given rise to problems like upper respiratory tract infections, dermatitis and diarrhoea. We are trying to provide primary first aid through mobile vans,” said Dr Abdul Haseeb, an MD from SKIMS, who along with five other doctors have pooled medicines and funds to run mobile clinics in affected areas.
Even as the civic woes are piling up, the National Disaster Management Authority is yet to figure out how to pump out the excess water from the flooded parts of the city. Suction pumps from Vishakapatnam will be used to suck the water out and dump it in a water body – most likely the Jhelum or its canals.
Read: Omar’s SOS brings langar from Amritsar
Broken highways and flooded main roads have led to immense chaos as people are now finding it very difficult to move from one place to the next.
And to make matters worse, law and order is under siege. Incidents of thefts are being reported from houses, especially those in the more affluent parts of the city.
Groups of angry youth can be seen asking locals to refuse food and other supplies.
The lack of electrical supply and the breakdown of communication and telecom networks and facilities has only worsened the situation.

Chit fund scam: CBI grills former Orissa AG MohantyPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:30 am
A day after his resignation was accepted by the Naveen Patnaik government, former Advocate General Ashok Mohanty on Saturday was grilled by CBI officials for over 90 minutes here, during which he reportedly said he had no knowledge of the background of chit fund group owner Pradip Sethy.
Mohanty, who claimed to have submitted his resignation in May after Naveen Patnaik was elected as CM for the fourth time, was grilled by CBI sleuths for buying a two-storey building in Cuttack in 2012. During the grilling, Mohanty denied allegations that he got the building from Pradip Sethy. “I haven’t got it free. I have paid Sethy Rs 1,01,00000 (one crore and one lakh) by cheque through my lone SBI bank account. I have handed over all papers to the CBI,” he said.

Don t agree with cut-off age concept  it s one s own ability: Sheila Dikshit#sheila dikshit #congress #delhi #rahul gandhi #sonia gandhi #cut off age
New Delhi: As rift within the Congress has been widening and it has almost become a fight between old guard and young generation, former Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit did not agree with the cut-off age concept. She said it was one's own capability and ability and there could not be any cut-off age.
Here is an excerpt from the interview:
CNN-IBN: You have secretaries who belong to Rahul's brigade actually taking on the old guard and saying that they are being unfair to blame Rahul Gandhi. There are seniors like Janardhan Dwivedi who are saying that there should be cut-off per cent as far as being member of Congress is concerned. Do you agree with the cut-off age concept?
Sheila Dikshit: If age is the cut off, I don't agree with it. It's your capability and ability. It cannot be youth versus the seniors and there cannot be no cut-off age.
CNN-IBN: Many in your party are saying, especially after 2014 results that Sonia Gandhi now needs to be more hands on and Rahul just doesn't have the capability. Do you agree?
Sheila Dikshit: No, I think to put the blame only on Sonia Gandhi or to put the blame only on Rahul is not fair after all we are a large party. There are chief ministers, Block Congress Committee presidents and so on. There is a whole hierarchy of people in the Congress. Each one of us has to introspect and see - what could I have done and which I did not do.
I think we need to go much deeper. It's not simple as blame this or credit that
CNN-IBN: And you need both Sonia as well as Rahul?
Sheila Dikshit: Yes we do. They are our leaders. Please remember one is the president and the other is the vice president of the party.

Obama condemns barbaric murder of British aid worker byISPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 14, 2014 9:18 am
US President Barack Obama has condemned the “barbaric murder” of a British citizen by terrorist group Islamic State, which in the recent weeks has killed two American journalists. “The United States strongly condemns the barbaric murder of UK citizen David Haines by the terrorist group ISIL. Our hearts go out to the family of Mr Haines and to the people of the United Kingdom,” Obama said in a statement.
The IS extremists released a video showing the beheading of aid worker Haines, who was abducted in Syria last year. British Prime Minister David Cameron confirmed Haines’ death in a statement late yesterday after the British Foreign Office had said earlier that it was “working urgently to verify the video. He condemned his slaying as “an act of pure evil”.
“The United States stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve,” said the US President after the ISIL posted a video on social media about the killing of the British citizen. “We will work with the United Kingdom and a broad coalition of nations from the region and around the world to bring the perpetrators of this outrageous act to justice, and to degrade and destroy this threat to the people of our countries, the region and the world,” Obama said.
In the ISIL video released yesterday, a masked person was shown beheading Haines and threatened that another British national would soon be beheaded. Islamic State militants recently beheaded two American journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff, and posted the videos online after the US began launching airstrikes in Iraq.

Railways okays train protection system for Basin Bridge-Arakanom routeRailways okays train protection system for Basin Bridge-Arakanom route
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
In a move to prevent accidents, the Railways has given its nod to a Rs 28.61 crore contract for installation of a train protection warning system (TPWS) along the 67-km Basin Bridge-Arakonam route in south India.
Thales India has been awarded the contract, according to a senior Railway Ministry official.
TPWS, which is based on European Train Control System (ETCS) Level-I, is a proven train protection technology meant to prevent accidents due to a driver’s failure to observe a signal or speed restriction. The system has been deployed extensively by Western countries.
If a locomotive driver fails to observe the signal, the automatic brake will be activated and the train would stop, said the official.
Information regarding signal aspects, maximum permissible speed for a particular section, gradient, inter—signal distance and speed restrictions is taken into account while calculating the target speed and target distance displayed on DMI (driver—machine interface) in TPWS—equipped locomotives.
“A total of 169 signals in the Basin Bridge—Arakonam section will be protected with the TPWS,” said the official, who added that “Thales will deploy its ETCS Level—I solution and will be responsible for the design, supply, installation and commissioning of track—side equipment.”
The commissioning of the TPWS is expected to be achieved by 2015.
TPWS has been implemented as a pilot project on the 50-km Chennai-Gummidipundi suburban section.
The advanced system has also been commissioned on the 25-km Dum Dum-Kavi Subhash section of Kolkata Metro.
Also, TPWS trials are in progress with 35 locomotives on selected trains on the 200—km long Nizamuddin-Agra section.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Extraction of water near Lal Qila: NGT seeks DMRC s response#delhi #dmrc #lal qila
New Delhi: The National Green Tribunal has sought a response from Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) for "unauthorisedly" extracting groundwater during construction of an underground station in the Lal Qila area.
"It is brought to our notice that because of the construction being undertaken by Delhi Metro, the water bodies near Lal Qila have been damaged and the work is carried out unauthorisedly," said a bench headed by NGT Chairperson Justice Swatanter Kumar.
"Let the counsel appearing for DMRC respond to this aspect by filing an affidavit before the tribunal within three weeks," it said.
The matter is listed for next hearing on October 28.
The matter is listed for next hearing on October 28. DMRC is constructing an underground metro station near the monument as part of the Central Secretariat-Kashmere Gate line extension.
The tribunal was hearing a plea by Vikrant Kumar Tongad seeking directions for installation of "proper rainwater harvesting system" on all its existing as well as proposed and under-construction stations, tracks and depots.
During the hearing, Tongad informed the tribunal that the Central Ground Water Board (CGWB) has written to DMRC in this regard, stating that continuous dewatering was being done by DMRC, which has affected the underground water level.
"Heavy dewatering is going to impact groundwater seriously. Entire NCT Delhi is notified for groundwater development point and DMRC should have undertaken comprehensive groundwater impact studies and obtained prior clearance before the commencement of dewatering," the CGWB letter said.
Dewatering is the removal of water from solid material or soil by wet classification, centrifugation, filtration, or similar solid-liquid separation.

Airlines may approach Centre seeking low fuel costs for J&K rescue work#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #dgca #srinagar #leh
New Delhi: Indian carriers participating in the evacuation of stranded people in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir may formally urge the government to exempt them from paying aeronautical charges and also seek lower fuel costs for these operations, airline sources said on Sunday.
"It is our national duty and we are putting our best foot forward. We are also abiding by the DGCA directive to cap airfares from Srinagar and Leh. The government should take steps to provide some relief for carrying out these
operations," said an airline official who did not wish to be named.
DGCA has directed all carriers to cap their fares for flights to Delhi from Srinagar and Leh.
He said the airlines may write to the Civil Aviation Ministry soon in this regard. When contacted, Aeronautical Society of India's senior council member, Debashish Saha, said that Indian carriers have been participating fully in the evacuation and relief operations in J&K.
"They have been flying out stranded passengers for free from J&K by operating additional flights. They have also capped the airfares, including taxes, to Rs 2,800 and Rs 3,000 from Srinagar and Leh, respectively, as directed by DGCA," he
said.
"It would be good for the government to provide some relief to the airlines in the form of low-priced fuel for these operations and exempt them from all aeronautical charges, like those on landing, parking and navigation, from
airports in Srinagar, Leh and Jammu," Saha said. He said such steps would help the airlines to some extent in meeting the costs of these operations which are being carried out on a war-footing.
Aviation regulator DGCA has directed all carriers to cap their fares, inclusive of taxes and charges, to Rs 2,800 and Rs 3,000 for flights to Delhi from Srinagar and Leh, respectively.

J&K floods: Rains lash Kashmir Valley  can hamper rescue work#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #floods #rains #kashmir valley #srinagar #rescue operations
Srinagar: In bad news for the relief and rescue work in Jammu and Kashmir, fresh rains on Sunday have raised worries for floods in the already ravaged state. After a few clear days, rainfall accompanied by thunder and lightning lashed Srinagar and other parts of the Valley on Sunday.
The river Jhelum which had breached its embankments earlier, is rising again after fresh rains.
The weather had been clear for the past five days after incessant rains led to unprecedented floods in the Valley. Weather was overcast since early morning and the rains started around 8:30 AM and the intensity increased.
SDM Srinagar Syed Abid Rasheed Shah that inclement weather will create problems as many people are still on the roads and without shelter. At some places, people are putting up in tents which are not waterproof, he said.
At the same time, Shah assured that relief operations would continue despite rainfall.
Meanwhile, health worries are mounting over the outbreak of water-borne diseases in the state. Over one and a half lakh people are still marooned several days after the worst floods in the state in six decades unleashed a trail of death and destruction.
Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan will be visiting Srinagar on Sunday to take take stock of the conditions.
The Army and Border Roads Organisation are also working to repair and re-open the Jammu-Srinagar highway. It is likely that it could take 3-4 days for the highway to be reopened. Efforts are also underway to restore electricity and water supply in the flood-hit areas of the state.

Malaysia Airlines flight to Hyderabad turns back due to defectMalaysia Airlines flight to Hyderabad turns back due to defect
PTI
Tweet
Kuala Lumpur, Sept 14:  
An India-bound flight of Malaysia Airlines was forced to return due to an auto-pilot defect, landing safely here today, said the carrier already hit by the twin tragedies this year.
Flight MH198 from Kuala Lumpur to Hyderabad departed at 10.20pm last night but the Boeing 737-800 turned back due to an auto-pilot defect and landed safely at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport at 2.01am today, it said in a statement.
“The defect did not have any impact on the safety of the aircraft or passengers, however, as a precautionary measure, the operating Captain decided to turn back,” the airline said.
It refuted reports on social media that the aircraft caught fire. Initial reports had said that the plane had to make an emergency landing due to “burning fuel“.
The airline said that upon arrival, passengers and crew disembarked safely and were given accommodation at nearby hotels.
The flight has been rescheduled to operate as MH198D and will depart Kuala Lumpur at 12pm today.
The airline said it regretted the disruption to its guests’ travel plans but reiterated that safety of its passengers was its priority.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 with 239 people aboard lost contact on March 8. No trace of any wreckage has been found so far.
Another flight MH17 was shot down by a missile over eastern Ukraine on July 17, killing all 289 people aboard.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Air India to send pilots to fill shortfall in Express serviceAir India to send pilots to fill shortfall in Express service
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 14:  
The Air India board has cleared a proposal for sending its pilots on deputation to its budget arm, Air India Express, which has been facing shortage of commanders for some time now, airline sources said today.
The move would help Air India, which may face the problem of having excess pilots as the airline’s Boeing 777—200 LR fleet is being phased out and shrinking, they said.
Air India used to earlier send its pilots on deputation to Air India Express (AIE), but stopped the practice after the two-month strike by pilots in May-June 2012.
“The Board recently approved the proposal, paving the way for AI pilots to join AIE,” a source said here.
Shortage of pilots in AIE has been continuing for a long time and has led to at least three or four machines of its 17—strong aircraft fleet always remaining on ground, they said.
Besides, the Air India and AIE top brass were keen to have in-house talent as a cheaper option rather than going to the market to meet the shortage.
“The idea was mooted several times with the airline management but did not find favour primarily due to the two— month strike by the pilots owing allegiance to the now de—recognised Indian Pilots Guild,” they said.
Air India has already sold five of the total eight Boeing 777—200 LRs to Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways and has floated tenders to sell the remaining ones.
“The phasing out of these planes is leaving surplus pilots with the carrier who will now be adjusted in AIE.
Besides, it will also help Air India pilots in getting command positions earlier than in the parent company. So, the move will benefit Air India and AIE as also the pilots,” they said.
AIE will require around 50 more pilots to operate its entire fleet of 17 aircraft, they said, adding it will be better since the airline was planning to induct eight more Boeing 737—800s in the fleet to get back to the original size of 26 aircraft.
The Kochi-based low-cost subsidiary till a few years back used to operate some 214 flights with 25 planes, seven of them being leased aircraft.
However, it gradually phased out the leased aircraft and lost one brand new Boeing 737-800 in the Mangalore crash, bringing the fleet strength down to 17.
The airline now operates 165 weekly flights connecting 12 international routes, mostly to the Gulf, and also covers 11 domestic destinations. Of these, 87 flights are from Kerala alone.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Pranab Mukherjee in Vietnam: Modis Asian PowerPlayPrint
Written by C Raja Mohan | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 10:35 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 3:56 pm
President Pranab Mukherjee’s trip to Vietnam days before the Chinese strongman Xi Jinping’s visit to India might seem a carefully orchestrated diplomatic manoeuvre by India. Not really. Visits abroad by Presidents and Prime Ministers are worked out weeks in advance. In fact, Mukherjee’s visit to Hanoi was scheduled well before President Xi’s South Asia itinerary was firmed up.
But there is no denying that the coincidence in the schedules of the Indian and Chinese presidents does underline Delhi’s expanding geopolitical opportunities with both Beijing and Hanoi at a moment when Sino-Vietnamese relations have seen so much tension.
The trilateral dynamic between India, China and Vietnam is not new. India was one of the few countries in the world that supported Vietnam when it sent its army into Cambodia at the end of 1978 to end the genocide there by the Pol Pot regime. This brought great diplomatic costs to India, but Delhi was determined to stand by Hanoi and preserve measure of balance in Indo-China.
Beijing, which backed the maniacal Pol Pot clique, chose to teach Hanoi a lesson by attacking Vietnam in 1979. But poorly equipped Chinese forces, that were barely coming out of the turbulence of the Cultural Revolution, were routed by Vietnam.
India’s then foreign minister in the Janata Party government, Atal Bihari Vajpayee, was caught right in the middle of the conflict between Beijing and Hanoi. Vajpayee was in China on a bold mission to normalise ties with Beijing that had frozen after the 1962 war. As war broke out on the Sino-Vietnamese border, Vajpayee cut short his visit to China in protest against Beijing’s aggression and returned to Delhi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is a lot better placed than Janata government, whose diplomacy fell between two stools: normalising relations with China while standing by its friend Vietnam.
As in the late 1970s, so in the 2010s, Vietnam faces a mounting challenge from China amidst Beijing’s assertiveness in the disputed waters of the South China Sea. To cope with the rising China, Vietnam is looking to multiple partners in Asia and beyond.
Vietnam has reached out to the United States, with which it had fought a prolonged and heroic war from mid 1960s to the mid 1960s. Vietnam has agreed to more intensive defence exchanges with Washington and stepped up security cooperation with Japan, Australia and a number of its neighbours in South East Asia, including the Philippines and Indonesia. It has begun buying advanced weaponry from Russia.
India has been of very special strategic interest to Vietnam. Through the decade long tenure of the UPA government, Delhi has steadily expanded its defence cooperation with Vietnam and assisted Hanoi’s urgent effort at modernising its military forces.
Faced with an intensifying maritime territorial dispute with China, Vietnam has been specially interested in strengthening naval cooperation with Delhi. Indian Navy frequently visits Vietnamese ports and has been training Vietnamese submarine force.
While Vietnam wants to further deepen this defence engagement, the UPA government wondered how far should Delhi go in backing Hanoi against Beijing. The Manmohan Singh government was continued…

Coal scam: Court questions CBI s  hurry  to close case against K M BirlaCoal scam: Court questions CBI's 'hurry' to close case against K M Birla
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 12:  
A special court today asked the CBI as to what was the “hurry” in filing a closure report in the coal blocks allocation case in which it had earlier lodged an FIR against top industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla and others.
“What was the hurry to close this case?” Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar asked the agency’s investigating officer (IO).
During the hearing, the IO told the court that original minutes of the screening committee meeting, in which Birla-owned Hindalco’s application seeking coal blocks allocation was dealt with, were “missing”.
To this, the court asked the IO to show if there was any statement which says that the original minutes of the meeting of the screening committee were missing.
“No such statement of anyone is there that the original minutes are missing,” the judge said.
As the IO was unable to give an explanation to the queries of the court, the judge directed him to call his supervisory officer in the court.
The court also pulled up the CBI for not bringing the case diary.
“On what basis you (CBI) have drawn such conclusion (to close the case)? What kind of investigation you have done? What was the supervisory officer doing? Bring the police file and call your supervisory officer in the court now,” the judge told the IO.
During the arguments, the court also hauled up the CBI for “dumping” illegible documents before it, saying that some of the papers filed along with the final reports were blank.
“They (CBI) are dumping illegible documents in the court like anything....I am not able to read the documents,” the judge said.
The court had earlier asked the CBI to clarify whether “rule of law” was followed in allocation of coal blocks to Birla’s Hindalco.
The court was hearing the closure report filed by the CBI in its FIR lodged against Birla, former Coal Secretary P C Parakh,and others.
The court had earlier asked the agency, “You (CBI) have to clarify three things. First, whether the rule of law was followed or not. Second is whether there was an act of omission or commission in it and the last one is whether the act of omission or commission, if any, has an element of criminality?”
The CBI had on August 28 filed the closure report in the case, in which it had earlier lodged an FIR against Birla, Parakh and others in one of the coal block allocation scam cases.
The FIR against Birla, Parakh and others was registered in October last year by the CBI, which had alleged that Parakh had reversed his decision to reject coal block allocation to Hindalco within months “without any valid basis or change in circumstances” and shown “undue favours".
The FIR related to allocation of Talabira II and III coal blocks in 2005 and the CBI had booked Birla, Parakh and other officials of Hindalco under various IPC sections, including criminal conspiracy and criminal misconduct on the part of Government officials.
During the investigation, the CBI, however, had found that there was no “quid pro quo” on the part of Parakh and there was no wrongdoing in allocation of coal blocks to Hindalco.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Fortis Healthcare to divest stake in RadLink-Asia PteThe Hindu “This is in line with our strategic decision to intensify our focus on our core hospital and diagnostics business in India.”
TOPICS
company information
The deal is valued at over Rs.655 crore
Fortis Healthcare has decided to divest 100 per cent stake in healthcare service provider RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for Singapore $137 million (over Rs.655 crore).
“Fortis Healthcare Singapore Pte Ltd, a subsidiary of Fortis Healthcare International Pte Ltd, one of our step-down subsidiaries in Singapore, today announced its decision to divest 100 per cent shareholding in RadLink-Asia Pte Ltd and its subsidiaries, ‘RadLink’, Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates Ltd, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of IHH Healthcare Berhad, for Singapore $137,000,000,” Fortis Healthcare said in a statement. The deal will be successfully closed following the necessary statutory and regulatory approvals as per local requirements, it added.
RadLink is engaged in providing healthcare services, including outpatient diagnostic and molecular imaging services in Singapore, Fortis Healthcare said.
Commenting on the development, Fortis Healthcare Executive Chairman Malvinder Singh and Executive Vice Chairman Shivinder Singh said: “This is in line with our strategic decision to intensify our focus on our core hospital and diagnostics business in India.” The company’s international healthcare businesses have all done well and the significant value that it has created, is now being unlocked and will be ploughed back to strengthen growth in India, they added.
“Singapore will always remain strategic and integral to our business plans for the future. We are committed to grow the relationships and partnerships that we have established here, the most prominent being our association with the Economic Development Board of Singapore (EDB) and the SGX listed Religare Healthcare Trust,” they added.
During fiscal year 2014, Fortis added over 800 beds to its network in India.
At present it operates in India, Singapore, Dubai, Mauritius and Sri Lanka with 66 healthcare facilities (including projects under development), over 10,000 potential beds and 282 diagnostic centres.

Microsoft not far behind in apps: Joseph Landescomputing and information technology
On apps created by top brands, we have a zero app gap versus competition
Microsoft is not far behind in the apps development space and that is the common misconception in India, a top official said.
“We are not behind. Off course there are certain apps like Candy Crush which is not available on Windows Phone Store. But if you look at apps created by Indian companies or top brands, we have a zero app gap versus competition,” Joseph Landes, General Manager (Developer and Platform Evangelism), Microsoft India, said. Mr. Landes said other misconception was about the number of apps.
Microsoft currently has 300,000 apps in the Windows phone store.
“There is no question about it there are more apps in Google PlayStore and iOS. The question to be asked is how many apps do you really need? How many calculators you need?” he added.
He said that the key differentiator for Microsoft was the fact that its apps were malware-free.
He also said Microsoft had invested significantly in India on developing the start-up ecosystem, including the recent tie-up with Reliance Industries GenNext Ventures.
“We would like to see tons of great innovation come out of these initiatives in terms of building a great apps in the times to come,” he added.

Sowing picks up as rain deficit narrows to 11% from 13% last weekdrought
(Dispelling drought worries,…)
New Delhi: Dispelling drought worries, plantings of rice and other summer-sown crops have picked up as heavy rains in the past few days have increased the rush of water to the reservoirs. While rain deficit has narrowed to 11% from 13% a week ago, reservoirs are still below last year's levels, but are above their 10-year average, brightening the prospects of water availability for winter crops , especially wheat.
The rainfall between June and September — about 70% of annual rains — is extremely vital as 55% of the country's farmland doesn't have irrigation facilities, and depends entirely on rain water. The recent spate of rains has clearly improved the situation in the country, with the current deficit compared with the 50-year average taken as benchmark is still more than the 10% cut-off considered to declare a drought.
The total crop plantings at 99.92 million hectares for the week ended September 12 were still 3.26% below last year's, according to agriculture ministry data. But this week's rainfall has helped rice planting to expand to 36.67 million hectares against the 36.79 million hectares a year ago.
There's also been a marginal pick up in the last phase sowing of paddy, pulses and coarse cereals, but was still less by 10% in coarse cereals at 17.59 million hectares, oilseeds by 8.5% at 17.5 million hectares and pulses by 6.5% at 10 million hectares. However, there's been a 10% increase in cotton plantation area to 12.53 million hectares.
IMD data showed that 25 of the 36 sub-divisions have received normal to excess rainfall. The country's major 85 reservoirs were filled to 77% (119.785 billion cubic metres) of the total capacity of 155.05 billion cubic metres, down from 83% last year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

August retail inflation eases to 7.8% on cheap veggies  fuel costYou are here: Home > Collections
August retail inflation eases to 7.8% on cheap veggies, fuel cost
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 07.32PM IST
Tags:
Cereals
(Rate of price increase in…)
NEW DELHI: Easing prices of vegetables, cereals and petroleum products brought down retail inflation marginally to 7.8 per cent in August.
Consumer Price Index (CPI) based or retail inflation stood at 7.96 per cent in July. In August 2013, retail inflation was at 9.52 per cent.
However, food inflation during the month under review rose to 9.42 per cent over 9.36 per cent in July, an official release said today.
The rate of price rise in vegetables stood at 15.15 per cent in August as against 16.88 per cent in the previous month.
Rate of price increase in cereals and its products turned lower at 7.39 per cent and that for fuel and light it came down at 4.15 per cent.
However, prices of fruits during the month went up with 24.27 per cent rate of inflation.
Inflation in milk and milk products increased to 11.70 per cent during the month under review. Also, pulses and its products were costlier at 6.88 per cent.
Amongst others, food and beverages witnessed no change in price rise at 9.16 per cent, while non-alcoholic beverages prices went down at 6.24 per cent in August.
Eggs, fish and meat were costlier at 7.71 per cent during the month.
Inflation in rural and urban areas in August was 8.35 per cent and 7.04 per cent, respectively. In July, it was 8.37 per cent and 7.42 per cent.
The Reserve Bank will unveil its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement on September 30, 2014.
In its last policy statement in August, RBI had kept key interest rates unchanged--third time in row -- in view of the inflationary expectations and uncertain monsoon conditions.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Insurance Bill: LIC  others make presentations before Parliament panelBJP
(The 15-member panel headed…)
NEW DELHI: Moving expeditiously on the controversial Insurance Bill, Parliament select committee today heard views of LIC and other public sector insurers, and decided to meet every Friday to fastrack the scrutiny report.
"Secretaries in the different departments of the government and representatives of insurance companies made representation before the committee," sources said.
They further said the views of different parties on the key economic bill would be known only during the discussion after stakeholder consultations.
It was the second meeting of the panel. It would meet again on September 19 and 26 to expedite firming up report.
After first meeting of the panel earlier this month, committee chairman Chandan Mitra had said: "We will try to submit our report on the Insurance Bill by the third week of November".
The 15-member panel headed by the senior BJP leader also recorded "oral evidence" of representatives of General Insurance Council, a body set up by insurance regulator IRDA .
Besides, top officials of ministries of Corporate Affairs, Finance, Law and Justice Ministry and Commerce presented their views on the bill.
The bill, which proposes to hike the FDI limit in the insurance sector to 49 per cent, has been caught in a logjam with the Congress-led opposition insisting that it be referred to a select committee.
Bowing to opposition pressure, the government had agreed to refer the controversial bill to the committee.
The committee members would also be visiting Mumbai and Chennai to meet stakeholders to understand and record their views on the Bill.
The members of the committee are Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi and Jagat Prakash Nadda (all BJP), Anand Sharma, B K Hariprasad and JD Seelam (all Cong), Satish Chandra Misra (BSP), K C Tyagi (JD-U), Derek O'Brien (TMC), V Maitreyan (AIADMK), Naresh Gujral (SAD), Ram Gopal Yadav (SP), Kalpataru Das (BJD), P Rajiv (CPI-M) and Rajiv Chandrasekhar (Ind).
The Insurance Laws (Amendment) Bill 2008 seeks to amend the Insurance Act, 1938, the General Insurance Business (Nationalisation) Act, 1972 and the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority Act, 1999.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Manufacturing May Not be Out of the Woods: India IncHSBC Sees Higher India Growth, Lower Inflation in Coming Quarters
New Delhi: With industrial production growth coming down to a four-month low, India Inc said on Friday that manufacturing may not out be out of the woods even as it hoped for positive investments and infrastructure-driven environment to boost growth.
"The muted performance of the industrial sector...on the back of the negative growth of the manufacturing sector indicates that a full-fledged industrial recovery could still be some distance away," Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) Director General Chandrajit Banerjee said.
A decline in manufacturing output and lower offtake of consumer durables pulled down industrial production growth to a 4-month low of 0.5 per cent in July.
"While we were hoping that slowdown in manufacturing had bottomed out, it appears from July numbers that manufacturing may not out be out of the woods. It is worrying that deceleration in July is somewhat broad based extending to consumer durables and capital goods," Ficci President Sidharth Birla said.
"We look forward to the positive investment and infrastructure driven environment, and a robust decision making mechanism to improve ease of doing business, as also indicated by Prime Minister, to fully carry forward the policy of Make in India and boost manufacturing," he added.
The factory output, as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), had grown by 2.6 per cent in
July, 2013.
"It all indicates that the new-found euphoria needs to be backed by concrete policy action in order to see sustainable growth," Assocham Secretary General D S Rawat said.
The industry chamber further said that it would like policymakers to consider making interest rates charged from the investors and consumers competitive, terming the step as "necessary" especially for reviving consumer durables demand in the festive season.
"Focus on structural reforms in terms of ease of doing businesses, simplification of tax structure and focus on industrial infrastructure would be critical to revive and sustain manufacturing growth trajectory in the coming times," PHD Chamber President Sharad Jaipuria said.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 23:54 (IST)

After Iraqi battles  residents choose displacementPrint
Associated Press | Gwer (iraq) | Posted: September 13, 2014 3:25 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 3:36 pm
Misspelled graffiti on walls pockmarked by bullets and torn up propaganda stickers make up the few remaining traces of the Islamic State group in this northern Iraqi ghost town after Kurdish forces finally managed to free it from militant control.
Also missing are as many as 20,000 residents who once lived in the town and are now too scared to return after Kurdish peshmerga forces reclaimed Gwer from militants last month with the help of American airstrikes.
All that’s left are empty buildings with the phrase “Islamic State” painted on walls. In many instances it is misspelled to read “Salam State” _ or state of peace _ a sign that many of the militants holding the town were probably foreign fighters. Torn-up stickers with the group’s black flag logo litter the streets.  Much of the graffiti has since been painted over with “long live Kurdistan.”
Residents of this modest town have not been celebrating its liberation. The streets, which buzzed with cars and pedestrians as recently as two months ago, are deserted. Since August 10, when peshmerga forces were able to retake the towns of Gwer and neighboring Makhmour, hardly anyone has returned home.
The fear and anxiety that Gwer’s liberation will be short-lived has prompted many to stay away.
More than 1.8 million people have been displaced around the country since the rapid advance by Islamic State militants first began in January, according to the United Nations. The majority initially came from Anbar province, where the militants first entered from Syria, seizing the city of Fallujah.
They then pushed into the north, and Iraqi and Kurdish security forces increasingly came under strain. The takeover of Gwer and Makhmour put the militants within artillery range of the Kurdish capital Irbil.
American airstrikes, which began Aug. 8, quickly turned the tide in northern Iraq, helping ground troops retake the strategic Mosul Dam, which had fallen to the militants in July.
Now the militants are gone and the only people in Gwer are fewer than a dozen peshmerga soldiers, who spend much of the day patrolling the town.  The soldiers, who declined to be named because they are not authorized to brief the media, said a militant-controlled village lies just beyond rifle range.
The Kurdish soldiers said snipers are within reach although no one has seen them.
Much of the basic infrastructure in the towns that fell to Islamic State militants has been damaged or destroyed in clashes with security forces and will take time to repair. Gwer is no different.
“We are looking to establish a fund to rebuild damaged areas,” Iraq’s new Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said on Saturday. “We want to accommodate their return to their areas and to rebuild these areas so that they will be suitable for their return after we liberate them.”
Still, many Iraqis fear coming face-to-face with the militants for a second time.
Abdul-Rahman Odai, a 25-year-old from Mosul who fled to the Kurdish province of Dohuk with his family, said his family has already sacrificed too much to risk losing everything twice.
“We saw so many continued…

Wall St Week Ahead: Fed Change Unlikely to Blunt Equities  Appeal Over BondsGold, Silver Rebound on Global Cues
New York:
The recent wobbly stretch in both stocks and bonds may persist for the short term if the US Federal Reserve next week lives up to expectations and signals the days of near-zero interest rates are numbered, but it is unlikely to tip valuation scales in favor of bonds any time soon.
Anxiety over the two-day Fed policy meeting, centered on expectations the central bank will likely drop its pledge to keep interest rates low for a "considerable time," was a primary driver behind stocks snapping a five-week winning streak this week and bonds absorbing their steepest losses in at least two months.
Top economists at several firms say they see at least even odds the Fed will nix the phrase from its forward guidance, which some traders may interpret as meaning that rate hikes could come as early as next March.
"If investors feel the Fed is becoming more hawkish, that's actually a negative for all asset classes with the exception of the dollar," said Chris Gaffney, senior market strategist at EverBank Wealth Management in St. Louis, Missouri.
Still, few expect such a move would translate immediately into a long-term change in investors' bullish view of stocks, especially relative to bonds.
To be sure, signs of sooner-than-expected interest rate hikes could chip away at investors' optimistic view of stocks, which scaled to new heights in no small part thanks to the Fed's quantitative easing program and decision to hold interest rates near zero percent for nearly six years now.
But with bond yields still extraordinarily low by historic standards, and unlikely to rise drastically, many investors see equities as one of their few prospects for long-term growth.
Market watchers say it is unlikely the prospect of interest rate hikes will significantly dampen investors' taste for stocks or prompt a large-scale reallocation of funds into bonds.
"There's no doubt that there will be some volatility in the short term, but at some point equilibrium will come into the market," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey.
While measures such as the forward price-to-earnings ratio on the S&P 500 suggest stocks are their priciest in nearly a decade, other measures of relative valuation to bonds remain skewed in favor of equities.
The S&P's so-called earnings yield, the inverse of the price/earnings ratio and a common yard stick for comparing equity valuations against bonds, is roughly 6.3 per cent. That is 3.7 percentage points higher than the 10-year Treasury yield, currently 2.6 per cent, whereas the long-term spread between the two is about 1.5 percentage points.
When measured against corporate junk bonds, the bond market's biggest competitor to stocks for asset flow, valuation math is tilted even more heavily in favor of equities. The average yield to maturity on junk bonds is just 6.3 per cent, according to Bank of America/Merrill Lynch fixed income index data, but the long-term average junk yield is 9.4 per cent.
Moreover, US corporate earnings are projected to resume double-digit growth in coming quarters, according to Thomson Reuters data, which would keep a lid on P/E multiple expansion, perhaps even compress it if profit growth outpaces stock price increases.
That suggests stocks remain the better bet for returns, at least until interest rates rise significantly enough to return relative valuation measures between the two to historic norms.
In the current market environment, "There's not really a better alternative to stocks right now," says Gaffney.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

India s Foreign Reserves Down $1.32 BillionRupee Snaps 2-Day Fall, Closes at 60.92 Per Dollar
Mumbai:
India's foreign exchange reserves fell by $1.32 billion to $317.31 billion for the week ended September 5, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data showed.
The reserves had grown by $60.5 million to $318.64 billion for the week ended Aug 29.
According to the RBI's weekly statistical supplement, foreign currency assets, the biggest component of the forex reserves, decreased by $1.02 billion at $290.36 billion in the week under review.
The foreign currency assets had increased by $75 million to $291.39 billion for the previous week.
The RBI said the foreign currency assets, expressed in US dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation or depreciation of non-US currencies held in reserve such as the pound sterling, euro and yen.
India's reserve position with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) slipped by $16 million to $1.67 billion.
The value of special drawing rights (SDRs) was down by $41.6 million at $4.34 billion.
The value of gold reserves fell $240.7 million at $20.93 billion for the week ended September 5. The value of gold reserves had remained static at $21.17 billion since August 22.
Story first published on: September 13, 2014 17:34 (IST)

JPMorgan hackers accessed servers but stole no money  says reportApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Mauritius contributes 49 pct of FDI equity inflows to Gujarat  RBI data showsApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Woman-centric movies rule the roost at box office this yearUrvi Malvania |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 11:19 PM IST
Woman-centric movies rule the roost at box office this year
Give producers more returns on their investment, thanks to lower making cost
Woman-oriented Bollywood movies, it seems, are working like magic on the box office. The producers of these films are laughing their way to the bank, thanks to the huge returns on investments (ROIs) they are getting. At least eight movies centered around women, released between January this year and the past week - Mary Kom, Mardaani, Queen, Ragini MMS2, and Highway, to name a few - have given an average return of 59 per cent to their producers.
By contrast, the 24 Bollywood films (with costs above Rs 10 crore each) released during the period, including the eight woman-centric ones, gave an average RoI of a mere 3.16 per cent. This implies the tinsel town's overall financial performance would have been in a bad shape if it was not for the success of the woman-oriented blockbusters.
The RoI is calculated by taking into account the producer's share in domestic box-office collections and his income from sale of satellite and music rights.
Producers spent a total of Rs 185 crore on making eight female-centric movies between January and September. These movies earned close to Rs 294 crore (box-office collections, satellite and music rights) - an RoI of 59 per cent.
Among the key reasons for higher RoIs in the case woman-centric films is their low production cost. Typically, the production and advertising costs of films with star male leads - Jai Ho, Kick, Holiday and Singham Returns, for example - are very high.
While the average investment in female-led movies is between Rs 25 crore and Rs 27 crore, it is between Rs 100 crore and Rs 110 crore for male-led movies.
"I would define a woman-centric film as one that has a strong female protagonist (character and actor), without any star as the male lead or support. From Kahaani to Queen and more recently Mary Kom, we did not have big male stars. The cost was much more rationalised and the films were more de-risked (than the big-budget male-driven ones) at the onset. Of course, what is crucial is a concept that can be translated into great cinema," says Ajit Andhare, COO, Viacom18 Motion Pictures. He adds Bollywood might see more such projects as more studios begin to view movie-making through the business lens. According to industry estimates, the budget of Queen and Mary Kom together came to Rs 55 crore.
Amrita Pandey, vice-president & head (marketing & distribution, studios), Disney India, agrees that movies with female leads, or those with strong female characters, turn out to be more profitable. She explains it is simple mathematical logic. "I would not say woman-led movies are cheap. I would say they are more profitable, as the outright fees demanded by the male actors is done away with."
Pandey feels the trend of making films with female characters as anchors began with movies like Kahaani, No One Killed Jessica and Dor. But she says this trend took off in 2014 with as many as eight such movies already. What is interesting is that there are more movies with strong woman roles lined up. UTV Motion Pictures' October 2 release Haider, an adaptation of William Shakespeare's Hamlet and directed by Vishal Bhardwaj, has Shahid Kapoor and Tabu in key roles. Another Disney movie to hit the screens this month is Khoobsoorat, with Sonam Kapoor in the lead along side Fawad Khan. It also has meaty roles for Ratna Pathak and Kirron Kher. "It is significant that the line between male lead and female lead movies is blurring in the minds of viewers. This is why all stakeholders in the industry have the confidence of picking up interesting concepts and actors like Shraddha Kapoor and Alia Bhatt choose to experiment with roles so early in their careers," adds Pandey.
Since the cost of production is comparatively low, studios can invest time and resources to market these films differently. While Pandey feels that the elements of a film should be the basis of promoting a film (and not gender of the lead), Andhare says from experience that woman-centric movies call for more aggressive and innovative ways to sell.
For example, in the case of Kahaani (2012), missing-person posters were pasted across the country. More recently, viewers saw Priyanka Chopra in her Mary Kom avatar in an advertisement for Mother Dairy products. She was also seen promoting the finals of the Pro-Kabaddi League on Star India's channels, again in the get-up of a pugilist.
"We do not always look at brand associations for marketing these movies. It depends on the script. For Queen, we did not have so many brand associations but we played with the content to promote the film. For Kahaani, we went all out with innovations," says Andhare.
As for Mary Kom, industry estimates suggest the movie actually managed to get as many as 20 brands as associates, making another Rs 25 crore. However, another school of thoughts is that woman-led movies need not be looked at from a different marketing lens.
"The trick lies in picking up a movie's elements and building on those. For example, in Chennai Express, though the movie had Shah Rukh Khan in the lead, the role of Deepika Padukone in promotions, as well as the film, was equally significant. In Khoobsoorat, we are not focusing only on the lead pair; the film is also being promoted by Ratna Pathak and Kirron Kher, who play important roles," says Pandey.
 Advertisements

Foreign banks increase customer engagement to tap HNI client baseNupur Anand |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 09:28 PM IST
Foreign banks increase customer engagement to tap HNI client base
Apart from increasing the number of offers, banks are looking at also rolling out differentiated offers in order to woo consumers
With signs of a turnaround in the economy and the Sensex remaining above the 25,000-mark, high net worth individuals (HNIs) have started coming back to the stock markets. In order to tap the HNI client base, foreign lenders and wealth management players who primarily cater to this customer segment, have been stepping up their customer engagement programmes.
Prateek Pant, executive director (products & services) at RBS, agrees there is a renewed interest in equities by HNI clients and, as a result, certain marketing activities have increased. “We have a programme calendar that we run every year, but certain theme-based programmes have picked up with the change in the mood of economy,” he says.
Apart from increasing the number of offers, banks are also looking at rolling out differentiated offers to woo consumers.
Deutsche Bank, which has been running a similar special customer engagement programme, believes the response has been promising.
“The All Things Nice Wine Week (a special theme-based programme run by the bank) presented a unique platform to engage with our esteemed clients beyond the normal boutique of banking products and services. We received an excellent response from our clients and are looking to associate with this event in other cities as well,” said Japjit Singh Bedi, head (deposits and wealth management - private and business clients) at Deutsche Bank, India.
While banks continue to run their regular programmes according to the calendar, specific programmes aimed at tapping the HNI clientele have increased with the economy reviving, experts point out.
Banks refuse to reveal the return on investments from these programmes. They, however, hint that if things don’t go according to the desired plan, these programmes might be scrapped or even stopped mid-way.
Samir Bimal, managing director & CEO of BNP Paribas Wealth Management India, says these events are important as these help strengthen the relationship with the clients. Client relationship is extremely critical in wealth management services, where the ties run across generations.
“This is a long-term commitment and these engagements further cement the connect between the two. Our clients have access to, and can afford, most social and cultural forums. The idea is to curate events that are relevant, aligned with their interests and allow them to be part of an experience, which is otherwise not available.”
 Advertisements

Copycat no more: Foreign movies get to inspire BollywoodApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Kem cho  US Excitement over PM s visit; but part of NRIs unhappyIndian American Community Foundation
(A section of NRIs would have…)
Indian Americans these days are abuzz speculating about what language Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi will speak when he addresses a mammoth gathering of 21,000 members of the community at the indoor arena of Madison Square Garden (MSG) in midtown Manhattan.
The venue, famous as the home of the New York Rangers of the US National Hockey League, has been reportedly booked for $700,000 for the event on September 28 being organized under the umbrella of a recently formed not-for-profit organization called the Indian American Community Foundation (IACF).
The body will bring together over 500 diverse desi organizations and has energized the Indian-American community like never before — never in the history of Indian prime ministerial visits has such a huge event been organized by the 4.2-million-strong community.
But then Modi is the flavour of the season wherever Indians or people of Indian origin are present, and even more so in the US which has an organization called the Overseas Friends of BJP (OFBJP). "There is tremendous enthusiasm among the community to see our popular leader in person and hear from him his plans and vision for India," says Chandrakant Patel, chairman of the IACF and president of the OFBJP.
The organizers expect the stadium to be filled to its capacity. The event is scheduled to start at 11 am with a cultural programme and a short film called India Marching Forward followed by the PM's arrival at noon. The event will be hosted by the first Indian-origin Miss America, Nina Davuluri. Modi is expected to share the stage with a few US lawmakers.
While the excitement among the Indian-American community is palpable, there are growing rumblings of discontent. "The MSG show seems to have been organized more on the lines of a Bollywood extravaganza rather than a significant address by the PM of the world's largest democracy," says Mukesh J Mowji, principal of Silver Creek Hospitality, a hotel development and management company in Silicon Valley and an investor in several IT start-ups.
The Unhappy Lot
Mowji and a section of investors like him would have liked Modi to visit Silicon Valley and participate in "more important and serious" engagements. "This is the technology hub of the US and has an influential Indian American community," he adds. Mowji will not attend the MSG carnival because he has more important business engagements.
Mowji's absence will be ironic; as a former chairman of the Asian American Hotel Owners Association (AAHOA), he had played a key role in inviting Modi to the US in 2005 for the organization's annual convention, following which his visa was revoked.
Like Mowji there are others who are also unhappy over the way in which the MSG show has been handled. "IACF is a hurriedly put together organization and although there's a full board and executives, it is being run single-handedly by Bharat Barai [a Chicago doctor who is known to be very close to Modi]," Chicago businessman Shalabh Shalli Kumar, founder of the National Indian American Public Policy Institute, a think tank, told ET Magazine on phone.
Kumar is also unhappy over the lack of transparency in the fund-raising for the event. "Initially, there were no ticket sales for this reception, now there is a ticket price of $1,000 per person for reserved seats, of which there are around 1,900. The process is not transparent," adds Kumar. Over $1 million is being reportedly spent on the MSG bash.
  Modi Fever
Of course, the groundswell of enthusiasm easily overruns the disgruntlement. "We have over 1,000 members of our organization from not just the eastern states but some from further away such as Florida and Chicago coming to NYC only to hear him speak," says Ashook Ramsaran, president of the Global Organization of People of Indian Origin (GOPIO).
Ajeet Singhvi, former president and currently a member of the board of trustees of American Association of Physicians of Indian Origin, too believes that the event will be a show of strength of the Indian American community. "We hope to hear the Indian PM speak about India's national healthcare policy and ways in which we can collaborate and help," Singhvi told ET Magazine from Los Angeles.
Aside from the MSG shindig, the consulate general of India in New York will host Modi for a private dinner at The Pierre, a Taj hotel in Manhattan, at which 300 select guests have a chance of getting up close with the prime minister. "It will be an opportunity to interact with the PM and discuss issues that are important not just for the community in the US but also for India," said Sanjay Puri, chairman of the US India Political Action Committee.
As usual, Modi's schedule will be a packed one — packed enough perhaps to make it difficult for the prime minister to sneak out for a quick thali at Vatan, NYC's favourite Gujarati restaurant.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coworking: Startups now operate out of cafes rather than conventional workplacesAnjali Batra, 24 (right), Shuchir Suri, 26 (standing), co-founders, Food Talk India, and Akhil Chandra, 30 (centre), founder, Studiomosaicapps.com
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
At 28, Ritu Ghuwalewala learnt to fire an employee. Highly qualified, he was a crucial and only local member of her team in Mumbai back in 2012. For Ritu, an Indore girl, this was a tough, growing-up moment. "If it had been an office where ours was the only company, I do not know how I would have done it," says Ritu, whose brother and cofounder of their start-up, Aditya, worked out of the United States.
Luckily she was not operating out of her own office. She had peers around her. At Bombay Connect, a coworking hub in Mumbai's upscale neighbourhood of Bandra, Ritu had a large group of entrepreneurs to advise her on how to let go of an employee who wasn't shaping up.
The Ghuwalewalas had started big-data analysis firm MavenMagnet in 2009. Aditya had written the software in the US and Ritu, who had worked with Johnson & Johnson earlier, started the research teams in India. Ritu chose to work out of Bombay Connect in 2012 and build her Mumbai team, which now has six members. She has another team working from hometown Indore.
Bombay Connect looks anything but a regular office space. Its colourful walls attracted Ritu when she paid her first visit. The seating though spacious is informal. She says the casual and happening atmosphere has helped her retain and hire good talent.
"We are hiring MBAs who have some expectations of their workplace . It is tough as a start-up to provide that," she explains. Her employees, however, stay interested, courtesy workshops and events organized by Bombay Connect and a melange of talented people who cowork there with other start-ups.
All-India Scenario
Bombay Connect is not a unique experience any more. In Mumbai itself, there are at least half a dozen other coworking hubs of different shades that start-ups and entrepreneurs now prefer to work out of, instead of renting out expensive real estate or working out of home or the garage. And it is a trend across the country. All the major metros, plus small states and cities like Goa, Pune, Ahmedabad and Ernakulum, now boast of such spaces. And each has its own flavour.
In Delhi's Hauz Khas village, overlooking the lake and the walk ways, is Social Offline. It is a cafe-cum-coworking hub that transforms into a bar after 6 pm. The entry is low-key and sudden with a tunnel-like passage and some colourful art work on the wall. But it gets better as you go in.
Huddled at a table on the first floor are Anjali Batra, 24, and Shuchir Suri, 26 — hard at work on their phones and notebooks. The ambience — soft lighting, couches, EDM music and a bar counter not too far away — would suggest that the duo were living it up away from the office.
They're living it up alright — but they're also hard at work. Batra and Suri are the founders of Food Talk India, and they work out of Social Offline at least twice a week. "I couldn't have asked for a more hip working place in such a great location," says Batra, who lives in Defence Colony in south Delhi. Suri commutes from Gurgaon where they also have a six-people office.
Page 1 of 4

Comparisons with Nehru & Indira Gandhi inevitable; but PM Modi is his own personComparisons with Nehru & Indira Gandhi inevitable; but PM Modi is his own person
Sep 14, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
(Connecting with children…)
By: Neerja Chowdhury
Ever since he spoke to lakhs of children on Teacher's Day, many are suddenly seeing reflections of Jawaharlal Nehru in Narendra Modi.
One of the reasons being that like Nehru, Modi was able to connect with the children all over the country. After his initial remarks, he suddenly came to life interacting with them, shedding fatigue, smiling, laughing — a visage not seen often — talking like a friend, philosopher and guide about a whole host of issues, including his pranks, bringing to fore a "cool" side (in the words of a child) of Modi.
And telling a Manipuri child who asked him how he could become prime minister — that he should prepare for 2024, for there was no chance till then, as Modi saw no threat to himself!
Nehru's connect with children earned him the title of Chacha Nehru. Soon after he became prime minister, he opened the doors of Teen Murti House, his residence, to children, giving explicit instructions that they be allowed to use the spaces there to play. Even APJ Abdul Kalam used to encourage visits by children to Rashtrapati Bhavan during his presidency.
Catch 'em Young
When Nehru talked to youngsters, he would invariably use the occasion to educate.
So also seems to be the case with Modi, and some have questioned whether being a teacher is a role a prime minister should play when he has his plate more than full. Others saw it as a far-reaching political move by the new PM. The senior amongst the children he addressed, and this is now going to be a yearly event, would become voters in 3-4 years time and are an important catchment area, particularly for a prime minister who has already declared that he is looking at a 10-year term, at least!
I still remember, as a child, when Nehru had come to our school in Delhi to speak on our Founder's Day, and he had chosen to speak on the country's foreign policy.
Most children are unlikely to forget an interaction with the prime minister, though the children in the south had problems understanding Modi's conversation conducted in Hindi, and it might have been better had parts of it been translated into English, particularly when Modi would like to avoid a north-south divide, and his protege, now BJP president Amit Shah is understood to be learning Tamil and Bengali!
Whether it was through the red and green turban he sported at Red Fort on Independence Day or his confident step on Japan's soil, Modi has given early signs of exuding a consciousness that he leads over a billion people today. Nehru, it is well known and documented, strode the Indian — and world — stage like a colossus for several decades.
  Foreign Affairs
The other similarity between the two that has invited comment is about both taking charge of foreign policy. Nehru was his own foreign minister for all the 17 years that he was PM. It is early days for Modi, but many have been surprised at the ease with which he has taken to foreign policy issues, and the direction he is giving them, from the day he took over.
This was reflected in his decision to invite Saarc leaders, including the Pakistan PM to his swearing in, and this entailed a risk. Had Nawaz Sharif turned down his invite, it would have been seen as a snub by the hardliners in his own ranks — and therefore a less-than-confident start to his premiership.
Nehru's world view had been fashioned right through the days of the national movement, which was also a period between the two world wars, and he had acquired an international perspective through his travels to countries of Europe, the then Soviet Union, China and the US in the '30s and '40s. From the beginning he saw Indian independence in the larger context of an "Asian resurgence", and he more than others in the Congress, came to fashion the policy non-alignment as the best way to go forward for a poor, yet large, country like India to acquire its rightful place globally , rather than to align with either of the two blocs.
Modi on the other hand has come to South Block from a regional capital with experience of running only one state of India. People expected him to take time to transit from a chief minister to a PM, particularly on foreign affairs. But Modi has taken to foreign policy, like duck to water.
Foreign policy is a continuum and does not change with a change of government. Just as Nehru left his stamp on it, there are early indications of a nuanced shift being made by Modi. Unlike the UPA's America-centric focus, he has given primacy to the neighbourhood — his early visits to Bhutan and Nepal and his invite to Saarc leaders bear this out — then to Asia, Japan first and then to China, with which the relationship is more complex; and then to the West and America where he will meet Barack Obama.

Kudumbashree: An all-women Rs 2 262 cr savin...(How did she do it? Bindu became…)
In 2007, Bindu Pallichal, a homemaker from the Pravachambalam village near Thiruvananthapuram, decided to turn entrepreneur.
She began to experiment with ayurvedic oils and cosmetics because she knew Sanskrit (the oldest known ayurvedic texts were written in the ancient language). Problem was Sanskrit was her only capital or asset to speak of. There was no money to invest or land to build a manufacturing unit.
Today, Bindu's unit makes 21 ayurvedic food and cosmetic products, its mainstay an ingredient that claims to enhance memory. Her turnover stands at Rs 7 lakh, no mean achievement in a state where an entrepreneur is as rare as a teetotaller. Bindu has also bagged several awards at the state and national levels as a woman entrepreneur.
How did she do it? Bindu became a member of Kudumbashree, an all-women collective of members selected from poor households. The microenterprises of members like Bindu, who have been streamlined into neighbourhood groups (NHGs), are sustained by microfinance. The 2.59 lakh NHGs facilitate thrift mobilization — also known as small savings — and provide customized credit to its members, according to Manjula Bharathy, CEO, Organisation and Social Development of Kudumbashree.
Small savings of a few individuals may not amount to much. But what about 41 lakh women? That's the number of Kudumbashree members in Kerala. Taken together, their savings add up to Rs 2,262 crore. No company with operations based in Kerala has a turnover to match this money. Their sheer number allows Kudumbashree members to access linkage banking — loans extended to self-help groups (SHGs), or 'ayalkoottams', by cooperative and nationalized banks under the aegis of government-run Nabard — insurance schemes, grants, interest subsidies and the like.
In many ways, the success of Kudumbashree should not surprise. In Kerala, politics smothers the lonely pursuits of individuals. A collective effort is a different story. Trade unions are mighty because they have the numbers. Total literacy mission and the widely lauded People's Planning Programme are all people's efforts. The state, put simply, is a shining example of places that tap the vast power of people's collectives to resolve vexing problems in society. The Kudumbashree Mission, at the heart of which is 'group formation and collectivization' of women to fight poverty and achieve economic empowerment, is the latest in a series of such efforts.
To understand the impact of Kudumbashree, one simply has to look at its scope. The 41-lakh members in the movement translate into nearly 50% of the households in the state. In other words, half the state's population makes a living out of this programme. Kudumbashree's success gains even more shine because of one constant problem in Kerala. The men usually spend a big part of their income on vices such as liquor, cigarettes, drugs and gambling.
The family gets little. Ergo, the money earned by a woman becomes critical. Kudumbashree today runs about 35,000 microenterprises in fields as diverse as food processing and handicraft and cosmetics. These units are managed by women from poor families with no formal training, remember.
  Building a Future
Initially, the Kudumbashree movement restricted itself to a few areas in farming and agri-business such as rice and vegetable cultivation and making curry powder, pickles, rice powder and so on. Members have since ventured into fields such as construction, driving, cafes, brand development — long seen as the preserve of men in Kerala. "Thanks to our huge fund, our senior officials can even think of promoting a bank," said Sindhu K, a Kudumbashree member in Alangode, a village in Malappuram district that borders Thrissur.
Alangode, for example, is today a model for community farming and agri-based product development for the rest of the state thanks to the work by Kudumbashree workers like Sindhu. The Alangode Kudumbashree Community Development Society (CDS) — Sindhu is its vice-president — has many members cultivating paddy. Their produce was once sold through the state-owned Kerala Civil Supplies Corporation (Supplyco). But Supplyco withdrew from procurement because of financial problems. The women of Alangode were taken aback only briefly. They began selling their rice directly under the Kudumbashree brand name.
The area under paddy cultivation by Kudumbashree in the state stands at 157,926 acres. The women are raring to increase the area under cultivation. Besides Kudumbashree rice, the group also makes and sells rice flakes and organic vegetables. Success stories like these are legion. Beena Paul, a 40-plus leader of a 38-member team, including engineers and supervisors, has undertaken the construction of 87 singlestorey houses for tribals in Edakkattuvayal panchayat in Ernakulam district, "This is our first project.

As diesel price nears global levels  decision on subsidy awaitedSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Alibaba: China s giant online shopping  croc...Alibaba
(With ambitions beyond online…)
SHANGHAI: Alibaba has become by far the dominant e-commerce company in China, a country with the world's greatest number of Internet users, in only 15 years.
The Hangzhou-based company is largely unknown outside Greater China but one of the biggest-ever listings on the New York Stock Exchange and a newly launched US shopping website, 11 Main, will expand its global stature.
The flotation will see the firm valued between $148 billion and $162.7 billion, according to the $60 to $66 per share price range it filed with regulators.
With ambitions beyond online retailing, the company is guided by Jack Ma , a diminutive yet charismatic figure who has gone from an English teacher to a billionaire entrepreneur.
"Fifteen years ago, Alibaba's 18 founders were determined to set up a global Internet company originated by Chinese people, with hopes it would become one of the world's top 10 Internet companies, a company which will exist for 102 years," Ma said in May, meaning the company would span three different centuries.
Ma and other top executives spent last week in the United States pitching the offer to potential investors, and media reports say it is already oversubscribed.
Alibaba had originally planned to list in Hong Kong, thereby staying on Chinese soil, but talks between the company and the exchange broke down last year because listing rules prevented Ma and top management from retaining control over the board of directors.
The controversial structure has proved to be an issue even with a US listing, prompting Alibaba to disclose the identities of more than 20 partners who have the power to appoint a majority of the corporate board.
"Unlike dual-class ownership structures that employ a high-vote class of shares to concentrate control in a few founders, our approach is designed to embody the vision of a large group of management partners," it argued in a filing with US regulators.
Ma chose the name Alibaba from "1,001 Nights" because it is easily pronounced in both Chinese and English and the literary work's "open sesame" catchphrase signifies the company can "open a doorway to fortune for small businesses".
Alibaba is often described as the Chinese version of eBay, and like the US company has its own payments system, though it puts less emphasis on online auctions in favour of instant transactions.
Alibaba bested eBay in China over a decade ago, essentially forcing it to retreat.
"EBay may be a shark in the ocean, but I'm a crocodile in the Yangtze River. If we fight in the ocean, we lose, but if we fight in the river, we win," Ma is famously quoted as saying.
Unlike another US online retailing giant, Amazon , Alibaba has no product stocks itself, instead connecting buyers and sellers.
Its consumer-to-consumer platform, Taobao, is estimated to hold more than 90 percent of the Chinese market with over 800 million product listings and around 500 million registered users.
Taobao's presence is so pervasive in a country with more than half a billion Internet users that it has entered the lexicon: "Taobao Villages" are settlements of sellers while "Taobao Girls" are young women who model clothes on the site.
Another Alibaba platform, Tmall.com, is estimated to hold over half the market in China for business-to-consumer transactions.
Domestic competitors include JD.com, which listed on the US Nasdaq market in May, and a newly created upstart backed by property conglomerate Wanda Group -- the company of China's richest man, Wang Jianlin, who is worth $16 billion according to publisher Forbes.
The IPO could see Ma challenge him, with the founder set to make $800 million from the sale while retaining a 7.8 percent stake in the company worth $12.8 billion at the top of the listing price range.
Ahead of the flotation, Alibaba has embarked on an acquisition frenzy aimed at expanding beyond its traditional online commerce business, though critics say it is already spending the money it will raise.
Recent deals include buying a 50 percent stake in China's top football club Guangzhou Evergrande, purchasing domestic mobile browser developer UCWeb and paying $1.22 billion for a stake in top Chinese online video platform Youku Tudou.
Alibaba said it recorded profits of nearly $2 billion on revenue of $2.5 billion for the quarter ending June 30.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Air India set to send pilots to fill shortfall in Express serviceSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Infrastructure damage in J&K floods could touch Rs 6 000 cr‘Infrastructure damage in J&K floods could touch Rs 6,000 cr’
PTI
Tweet
Srinagar, Sept 14:  
Jammu and Kashmir has suffered massive damage to its public infrastructure due to the worst floods it has faced in more than a century and officials say that the state would need at least Rs 5,000 crore to rebuild the same.
Even a conservative estimate of the damage to public infrastructure like bridges, roads, hospitals and other government buildings puts the figure at between Rs 5,000 crore and Rs 6,000 crore, Secretary to the state government’s Revenue, Relief and Rehabilitation Department, Vinod Kaul, told PTI.
Kaul said that in a presentation made to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh during his visit to the state last week, the estimated damage to public infrastructure was pegged at around Rs 1,000 crore.
However, at that time, Srinagar city was still unaffected by the floods.
The damage is very widespread in the summer capital of J&K as most government facilities here have been hit by the floods, he said.
While most parts of south Kashmir — spread over the four districts of Anantnag, Kulgam, Shopian and Pulwama — were hit by floods in the early days of September, over 60 per cent of Srinagar city was marooned by the rampaging Jhelum on September 7.
Five major hospitals in the city — SMHS Hospital at Kaka Sarai, Lalla Ded Hospital at Wazirbagh, SKIMS Hospital at Bemina, Bone and Joint Hospital at Barzulla and GB Pant Hospital at Sonawar — were hit by the floods as Jhelum river breached its embankments at several places.
While there has not been much damage yet to the buildings of these hospitals, equipment worth hundreds of crores of rupees has been damaged and might need complete replacement if the water level in the city does not recede quickly.
At least 50 small and big bridges have been damaged by the floods while long stretches of several important roads have been washed away.
The above reports are of the period prior to Srinagar getting hit by the floods.
“We are yet to analyse the damage caused in the last six or seven days,” Kaul said.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Army pays tribute to soldiers who died during rescue operationPrint
Express News Service | Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 10:29 am
The Army Saturday paid tribute to two soldiers — Naik Khem Chandra and rifleman Meer Owaise Hussain — who lost their lives during a rescue operation in Sambur area on September 5.
On Saturday morning, the Army cleared the war memorial at HQ 15 Corps, which was waterlogged till a day ago, to lay a wreath on the mortal remains of Chandra. Lt Gen Subrata Saha, General Officer Commanding, 15 Corps led the ceremony. Meanwhile, the Jammu and Kashmir Light Infantry Centre paid a tribute to Hussain.
Chandra’s mortal remains were sent to Delhi, from where they would be sent to his native village in Uttarakhand. Owaise is a native of Dadasara village of Pulwama district in J&K.
The two soldiers were part of a team out to rescue villagers. During the rescue operation, the bund on river Jhelum broke. While most of the soldiers swam to safety or were rescued, Chandra and Owaise were swept away.

Top 5 Sensex cos lose Rs 36 971.61 cr in market value last weekTop 5 Sensex cos lose Rs 36,971.61 cr in market value last week
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
The market valuation of top five Sensex companies fell by Rs 36,971.61 crore last week, with ONGC and Sun Pharma being the worst hit.
While ONGC, RIL, CIL, Infosys and Sun Pharma saw losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), TCS, ITC, HDFC Bank, SBI and ICICI Bank witnessed gains.
The m-cap of ONGC plunged Rs 11,421.58 crore to Rs 3,67,158.86 crore, while Sun Pharma lost Rs 10,749.03 crore to Rs 1,66,910.28 crore from its valuation.
Coal India’s value dipped Rs 8,400.77 crore at Rs 2,26,094.26 crore; Infosys (Rs 3,327.7 crore at Rs 2,10,879.62 crore) and RIL (Rs 3,072.53 crore at Rs 3,28,501.95 crore).
On the other hand, the m-cap of SBI surged Rs 8,227.23 crore to reach Rs 1,96,020.23 crore, while ITC added Rs 4,421.88 crore to touch Rs 2,83,518.18 crore.
ICICI Bank’s market valuation rose by Rs 1,943.15 crore at Rs 1,81,069.22 crore, TCS (Rs 1,733.47 crore at Rs 5,10,415.13 crore) and HDFC Bank (Rs 1,677.83 crore at Rs 2,06,458.39 crore).
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at number position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 34.34 points to close at 27,061.04.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Reassure investors to attract funds in coal sector: JindalPress Trust of India |  Kabul Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 10:35 AM IST
Reassure investors to attract funds in coal sector: Jindal
In the face of growing coal imports, energy-hungry India needs to develop more coal blocks and reaffirm the faith of corporate sector in government decisions to ensure continued flow of investments from private sector, Naveen Jindal, chairman of Jindal Steel and Power, said here.  "All the coal blocks have been allocated by Government of India. State governments have given them either prospecting license or mining leases. If today these blocks are cancelled, country's credibility will be serious
In the face of growing coal imports, energy-hungry India needs to develop more coal blocks and reaffirm the faith of corporate sector in government decisions to ensure continued flow of investments from private sector, Naveen Jindal, chairman of Jindal Steel and Power, said here.
"All the coal blocks have been allocated by Government of India. State governments have given them either prospecting license or mining leases. If today these blocks are cancelled, country's credibility will be seriously eroded. Who will come and invest here?" Jindal told PTI in an interview.
India had imported around 168.4 million tonnes of coal worth Rs 95,000 crore last fiscal and this figure is expected to rise in the current year. India is the third largest importer despite having fourth largest coal reserves in the world.
The Supreme Court had on August 25 held that all coal blocks allocated during last 17 years since 1993 by various regimes at the Centre were done illegally and arbitrarily, bringing uncertainty to the fate of 218 block allocations.
The Centre has advocated cancellation of blocks while suggesting that 40 operating blocks and six others soon to be started may be exempted after imposing an additional levy.
The apex court is likely to give its final order soon.
In a departure from global practises, India mandates allottees to set up end-use plants on the basis of allocated coal blocks besides charging a hefty royalty at a rate which is the highest in the world. Rates are hiked every 3 years.
"Other countries just want you to develop the coal blocks and are happy with the royalty. In India, even after setting up large end-use projects successfully following government's policies, if corporate India's investments would not be safe, then what is the surety of anything in future also? Is private sector in India the second grade corporate citizen compared to public sector?" asked Jindal, chief of $3.3 billion JSPL.
"The allocated coal blocks were actually difficult blocks with no infrastructure and Coal India did not have any plans to develop them. Private sector developed them. Now, after our hard work, if we are asked to give away these blocks, will it be fair? Why is Coal India more special than the private sector?
"Is it more efficient, paying any different royalty or Income Tax? CIL doesn't even set up any end-use project. CIL has 65 billion tonnes of coal resources. It is not operating its mines at 100% capacity even after having all the clearances. We, on the other hand, are operating our mines at 100% capacity," he added.
Corporates, who have successfully developed these blocks and large end-use projects after facing several years of land acquisition challenges, clearance issues and risks, need to be rewarded and encouraged. Around Rs 4 lakh crore have been invested and lakhs of people are employed in these coal blocks and end-use projects, he said.
 Advertisements

Toyota looks to enhance operations in North EastPress Trust of India |  Guwahati Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 08:17 PM IST
Toyota looks to enhance operations in North-East
The North East market contributes 20% of the total eastern market, therefore making it very significant region for TKM
Japanese car giant Toyota plans to increase operations in India’s northeastern region, where its sales have grown at double the national average of three per cent annually.
The company, which is present in India through a joint venture with Kirloskar group, is looking to set up an area office in the North-East considering its rising importance. “The North-East market is currently growing by six per cent in our representative segment against a national growth of three per cent. It is expected that in the second half of the year, the North-East market will show much healthier growth,” Toyota Kirloskar Motor (TKM) senior vice president and director (sales and marketing) N Raja told PTI. The North-East market contributes 20 per cent of the total eastern market, therefore making it very significant region for TKM, he added. Last month, TKM sold 11,215 units in India, down 6.6 per cent as compared to 12,007 units in August 2013. With rising sales in the eight states of the North-East, the auto maker plans to strengthen presence in the region.
“We do intend to establish an area office in Guwahati at the right time in future,” Raja said without giving any timeline for having the establishment.
Currently, the entire North-East market is being addressed out of the east regional office in Kolkata.
The company, however, has exclusive sales, service and customer relation personnel in the region.
When asked if the company planned to invest in the region for building capacity or other activities, Raja said: “We will study the market and decide accordingly.” Talking about sales, Raja said petrol variants of TKM models contribute to around 45 per cent of sales on an average, while diesel ones contribute to about 55 per cent.
“Innova, Etios, Liva, Cross and Fortuner have seen very good response in the North-East region. We also have seen growing demand for premium vehicles like Camry and Land Cruiser,” he added. Comparatively a new entrant in the region, TKM is selling approximately 150 cars per month in North-East with Assam contributing the highest at an average of 110 units a month.
Talking about future roadmap, Raja said: “We are in the process of establishing and stabilising our network in North-East. The customers are now getting the touch and feel of world-class quality of Toyota vehicles and at the same time, the exposure to international sales and service infrastructure.”
TKM has six dealerships in the region at Guwahati, Nagaon, Silchar and Dibrugarh in Assam, Dimapur in Nagaland, and Shillong in Meghalaya.
 Advertisements

Pranab Mukherjee in Vietnam: Modis Asian Power PlayPrint
Written by C Raja Mohan | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 10:35 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 3:56 pm
President Pranab Mukherjee’s trip to Vietnam days before the Chinese strongman Xi Jinping’s visit to India might seem a carefully orchestrated diplomatic manoeuvre by India. Not really. Visits abroad by Presidents and Prime Ministers are worked out weeks in advance. In fact, Mukherjee’s visit to Hanoi was scheduled well before President Xi’s South Asia itinerary was firmed up.
But there is no denying that the coincidence in the schedules of the Indian and Chinese presidents does underline Delhi’s expanding geopolitical opportunities with both Beijing and Hanoi at a moment when Sino-Vietnamese relations have seen so much tension.
The trilateral dynamic between India, China and Vietnam is not new. India was one of the few countries in the world that supported Vietnam when it sent its army into Cambodia at the end of 1978 to end the genocide there by the Pol Pot regime. This brought great diplomatic costs to India, but Delhi was determined to stand by Hanoi and preserve measure of balance in Indo-China.
Beijing, which backed the maniacal Pol Pot clique, chose to teach Hanoi a lesson by attacking Vietnam in 1979. But poorly equipped Chinese forces, that were barely coming out of the turbulence of the Cultural Revolution, were routed by Vietnam.
India’s then foreign minister in the Janata Party government, Atal Bihari Vajpayee, was caught right in the middle of the conflict between Beijing and Hanoi. Vajpayee was in China on a bold mission to normalise ties with Beijing that had frozen after the 1962 war. As war broke out on the Sino-Vietnamese border, Vajpayee cut short his visit to China in protest against Beijing’s aggression and returned to Delhi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is a lot better placed than Janata government, whose diplomacy fell between two stools: normalising relations with China while standing by its friend Vietnam.
As in the late 1970s, so in the 2010s, Vietnam faces a mounting challenge from China amidst Beijing’s assertiveness in the disputed waters of the South China Sea. To cope with the rising China, Vietnam is looking to multiple partners in Asia and beyond.
Vietnam has reached out to the United States, with which it had fought a prolonged and heroic war from mid 1960s to the mid 1960s. Vietnam has agreed to more intensive defence exchanges with Washington and stepped up security cooperation with Japan, Australia and a number of its neighbours in South East Asia, including the Philippines and Indonesia. It has begun buying advanced weaponry from Russia.
India has been of very special strategic interest to Vietnam. Through the decade long tenure of the UPA government, Delhi has steadily expanded its defence cooperation with Vietnam and assisted Hanoi’s urgent effort at modernising its military forces.
Faced with an intensifying maritime territorial dispute with China, Vietnam has been specially interested in strengthening naval cooperation with Delhi. Indian Navy frequently visits Vietnamese ports and has been training Vietnamese submarine force.
While Vietnam wants to further deepen this defence engagement, the UPA government wondered how far should Delhi go in backing Hanoi against Beijing. The Manmohan Singh government was continued…

Toyota looks to enhance operations in India s North EastSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Indian rupee down 9 paise to 61.02 against US dollarSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Private placement of IDFC subscribed nearly 3.8 timesSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Jammu and Kashmir floods in 50 pics: A look at the extent of horrific damageOver 1,84,000 people marooned in the floods in Jammu and Kashmir have been rescued so far by the armed forces and NDRF, and the focus now will largely be on the health situation, officials said Sunday.
Here are 50 images that clearly show the extent of the horrific flooding in Jammu and Kashmir:
Tourists wait to be evacuated by Indian Air Force helicopters during rescue and relief operations following flooding in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A truck is half-buried in gravel from a landslide caused by flash floods in Akhnoor, about 48 kilometers northwest of Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
A mother with her child in a chopper after being airlifted from the Nehru helipad in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
An aerial view showing buildings partially submerged in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
A wounded lady is helped by Indian Air Force members after she was evacuated from a flooded area in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar.HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
A handout photo made available by Indian Air Force showing the stranded people signaling for help
People being rescued by the army and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army and local people after the flood at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
Kashmiri houses submerged by floodwaters are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A Kashmiri woman and her daughter (R) stand on the first floor of their flooded house as they wait to be rescued in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Indian army soldiers rescue a Kashmiri girl from her flooded house in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Indian army soldiers evacuate flood victims by boat to a safer place in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Migrant workers cover themselves with plastic sheets to shield from the rain, as they camp on a highway after the area they were living in was inundated by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
A temple is partially submerged in floodwaters in Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
Flood-affected people rescued from various parts of Jammu and Kashmir being flown to Chandigarh by a C-17 Globemaster III. PTI Photo
Flood-affected people rescued from various parts of Jammu and Kashmir wade through the water to reach a safer location. PTI Photo
Kashmiri men gather along a flooded street in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Houses are partially submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri residents rescue a flood victim in Srinagar. (AP Photo/Altaf Qadri)
A truck evacuating Kashmiri flood victims to higher ground travels through a flooded street in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Vehicles are submerged in floodwaters during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/ Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri people hold a man as he falls from a tractor evacuating flood victims to higher grounds, as they move through a flooded street in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
An aerial view shows the flooded Srinagar city. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
An aerial view shows buildings submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Policemen stand guard as migrant workers gather outside the airport to leave the flooded Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Flood-affected Kashmiris shout out for help from the roof of a house in Srinagar. PTI Photo
Kashmiris hang on to a tree to prevent being swept away by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
A Kashmiri man crosses over flood waters with the use of a rope in Srinagar. AFP Photo/ Punit Paranjpe
A stranded Kashmiri man is rescued by an Indian Air Force helicopter from a submerged house during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
A Kashmiri man struggles as he tries to cross floodwaters with the help of a rope during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri people are rescued with an excavator during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
An aerial view taken from an Indian Air Force's helicopter shows the remains of a bridge after it was swept away by floodwaters from the river Tawi on the outskirts of Jammu. Reuters/Mukesh Gupta
Armed forces personnel offload relief material from an aircraft to distribute to flood affected people, at the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Flood affected people prepare to leave from the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Flood affected people prepare to leave from the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
People move through a flooded area of Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Kashmiri houseboats and houses submerged by floodwater are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Dal Lake in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
Soldiers carry a seriously ill tourist towards a waiting Indian Air Force helicopter after he was rescued from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Kashmiri houseboats and houses submerged by floodwater are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Dal Lake in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A tourist is airlifted from the roof of a five-story hotel, four of which are submerged in floodwaters, in Srinagar. PTI Photo
People walk on a flooded road in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Flood-affected people stranded on the roof of a five-story hotel rush to be airlifted in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasi
People and cars stand on dry patches of land, surrounded by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Flood-affected people row boats past partially submerged buildings in floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
An aerial view shows buildings partially submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar on Tuesday. PTI Photo
A Kashmiri family is transported by boat through the floodwaters of Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe

Snowman shares jump 62% on listingSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

BSE Sensex regains 27 000-mark  NSE Nifty above 8 100 ahead of eco dataSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Modis creative destruction at workModi’s creative destruction at work
Pradeep S Mehta
Tweet
Out of the picture What will take its place? V SUDERSHAN
The Planning Commission will not respond to tinkering. It needs to be disbanded for its replacement to be effective
When Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the scrapping of the Planning Commission and establishing a new think tank, many were astounded.
He was responding to calls by many that the plan body has outlived its utility in a market-driven economy, while it was relevant and useful in our early years.
However, he recognised the need for a central think tank which would work closely with the Union Government and our states in pushing the reform and development agenda.
Plainly, Modi is a political entrepreneur who has marketed himself brilliantly in the last general elections. He aspires to see India become a developed country and will not do it walking down a beaten path.
Avoiding the beaten path
One of the major institutional reforms that he has been advocating is close interaction with the different states; he has emphasised that it is the Prime Minister and the chief ministers who govern the country.
That marked quite a change from the earlier pattern. One major hurdle in moving ahead on this count was the Planning Commission; it adopted an imperious, top-down approach to all development schemes and financial allocations. This was abhorrent to the heads of state governments. The constant refrain was that the states were aware of their priorities and how to allocate resources. The whole scheme of the Plan body went against the spirit of federalism.
We do need an overhaul of our institutional framework which will allow new ideas and federalism to flower. Modi, the entrepreneur, is willing to explore and experiment, though that would need better and leaner ministries.
Let us examine his vision through the lens of economist and political scientist Joseph Schumpeter, who said long ago that ‘creative destruction’ is a process by which the old ways of doing things are endogenously destroyed and replaced by new ways.
Schumpeter coined the word ‘Unternehmergeist’, German for entrepreneur-spirit, and asserted that “... the doing of new things or the doing of things that are already being done in a new way” stemmed directly from the efforts of entrepreneurs.
A familiar idea
The creative destruction of institutions is not new even in India. For example, when reforms were launched in 1991, the Monopolies & Restrictive Trade Practices Act (MRTPA) was amended to get rid of the albatross of size of firms, merger regulation and so on, and create a level playing field by extending its jurisdiction to the public sector.
But that was not enough to enable our firms to be able to compete in a globalising and liberalising world, particularly when faced with competition from foreign firms manufacturing in India or exporting their goods to India.
In February, 1999 the then Finance Minister, Yashwant Sinha, following advocacy by CUTS announced the need to enact a new and modern competition law, which came into being in 2002. The same argument as in the case of the Planning Commission were raised — that the MRTPA could be modernised rather than a new law adopted.
But that would have been an impossible task. The MRTPA was drafted and adopted in 1969 on the basis of the prevailing trade and economic milieu, and growth was throttled by imposing limits on investment and production. If a firm was licensed to produce 10,000 widgets, it would be penalised for any excess production.
Big was considered bad, and profit was a dirty word. In the 1990s, it was not only because of our own reforms but the arrival of the WTO that the whole trade and economic scenario underwent a sea change. All these changes meant that we needed a new competition law. This necessarily implied that one had to start with a clean slate.
Rejecting the old
Just after the new Competition Act, 2002 came into force, though with a limited mandate due to a court restriction, the old MRTPA went into a demise mode.
Even the staff of the MRTP Commission were not taken into the new Competition Commission of India (CCI), except in a very few cases. Most pending cases at the MRTPC were transferred to the new CCI and its appellate tribunal.
A large number of countries have scrapped their old competition laws and adopted a totally modern and new competition law.
In the area of economic planning many countries have also revised their approach based on the new realities of a market economy. China is a notable example. It has shut down its plan body and a couple of other institutions and created the new National Development and Reforms Commission.
As Narendra Modi said from the ramparts of Red Fort on Independence Day, one has to construct a new building as one cannot repair or remodel the old building, i.e. the Planning Commission. Ideas have also been invited from people at large to suggest a new name and what they think the new think tank should be doing. Let us get on with this creative destruction process.
The writer is the secretary-general of CUTS International
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

August retail inflation eases to 7.8 per cent on cheap vegetables  fuel cost#inflation #august #vegetables #fruits
New Delhi: Easing prices of vegetables, cereals and petroleum products brought down retail inflation marginally to 7.8 per cent in August.
Consumer Price Index (CPI) based or retail inflation stood at 7.96 per cent in July. In August 2013, retail inflation was at 9.52 per cent.
However, food inflation during the month under review rose to 9.42 per cent over 9.36 per cent in July, an official release said on Friday.
However, prices of fruits during the month went up with 24.27 per cent rate of inflation.
The rate of price rise in vegetables stood at 15.15 per cent in August as against 16.88 per cent in the previous month.
Rate of price increase in cereals and its products turned lower at 7.39 per cent and that for fuel and light it came down at 4.15 per cent.
However, prices of fruits during the month went up with 24.27 per cent rate of inflation.
Inflation in milk and milk products increased to 11.70 per cent during the month under review. Also, pulses and its products were costlier at 6.88 per cent.
Amongst others, food and beverages witnessed no change in price rise at 9.16 per cent, while non-alcoholic beverages prices went down at 6.24 per cent in August.
Eggs, fish and meat were costlier at 7.71 per cent during the month.
Inflation in rural and urban areas in August was 8.35 per cent and 7.04 per cent, respectively. In July, it was 8.37 per cent and 7.42 per cent.
The Reserve Bank will unveil its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement on September 30, 2014.
In its last policy statement in August, RBI had kept key interest rates unchanged--third time in row -- in view of the inflationary expectations and uncertain monsoon conditions.

Fusion foods playing a key role in restaurant menusFusion foods make a mark as dessert play key role in restaurant menu
By Varuni Khosla , ET Bureau | 13 Sep, 2014, 04.00AM IST
0
Share More
As per National Restaurant Association of India, Indian food services industry has seen a steady growth in past few years & will grow in next 5 years.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Ever imagined pairing Rooh Afza with creme brulee? Or gooey marshmallows oozing out of an olden-day classic, chinni ki roti, or even a gaajar ka halwa with goat cheese? Gone are the days of fruit salad with ice cream — as India's restaurant culture evolves, chefs are getting creative with dessert, and with good reason.
It accounts for a good quarter of revenue at some outlets. The traditional is being informed by the modern. Here's a tasting menu of sweet things — molecular phirni-oxide, a Parle-G cheesecake, jalebi cavier, rasmalai tres leches and apple cinnamon jalebis.
Such concoctions garnished with a hint of molecular gastronomy are being eagerly ordered in restaurants across the country. Chefs are taking fusion food up a notch by experimenting with Indian desserts as the business expands.
According to the National Restaurant Association of India , the Indian food services industry has seen a steady growth in the past few years and is expected to grow at over 11 per cent in the next five years.
Right now the size of the industry is approximately Rs 2.5 trillion and is projected to reachRs 4.1 trillion by 2018. And one of the key factors propelling restaurant growth will be experimentation with new formats, themes and menus by innovative, entrepreneurial ventures, according to the association.
As the average food bill rises, dessert is playing a key role. Riyaaz Amlani's new restaurant Social Offline serves a fried chocolate bar, Ramesh Suresh. Manish Mehrortra's much-feted Indian Accent in Delhi is dishing out traditional desserts in a modern avatar—Gujarati suterfeni, rose chikki, home-made pistachio ice cream or the raw and ripe mango daulat ki chaat with mango candy brittle are all runaway successes.Rahul Akerkar, founder of Degustibus Hospitality, which owns the Indigo chain of restaurants, said close to 25 per cent of revenue comes from desserts. That follows since prices have gone up with the makeover and, more importantly, customers are happy to pay. Gulab jamuns can cost up to Rs 600 for a portion at some restaurants.
"Yes there is certainly a demand in the market for innovative food and these desserts fall in this category," said Akerkar. The chef created halwa creme brulee with goat cheese at Indigo and a mille-feuille with shrikhand and berries. But he emphasises that chefs should be careful they don't make a "khichdi" out of dessert. It's an interesting time to be an Indian patron, according to owners.
"There was a time when desserts were relegated to the last page of a menu," said restaurateur Zorawar Kalra , founder of Massive Restaurants. But "the kind of modern Indian desserts we are doing tend to leave a final memory for people to return to us."He's working on the concept of a mithai takeaway that should debut before the end of the year. "It's about time the Indian dessert arrives, and there is limitless potential in this concept," he said, particularly since only one in three people have dessert, according to restaurateurs.
Delhi-based Mehrotra of Indian Accent looks to British culinary alchemist Heston Blumenthal for inspiration. He's reinventing simple classics such as chini ki roti (literally sugar bread) with marshmallows besides doing a besan laddoo tart served with a side of 'mithai' cheesecake."Indian cuisine will boom again and it's time it comes out of the closet. We need a little modern twist with our traditional foods," said Mehrotra. Prices are reasonable at Delhi's Cafe Lota— apple cinnamon jalebi with coconut rabri and bhapa doi cheesecake comes for Rs 125 a plate.
Pastry chef Kishi Arora, who owns baking company Foodaholics, said spending power and experimentation have risen significantly and customers want to try fun Indian things that have been created by playing around with international techniques.
"Recently, a customer asked me to bake a New York style cheesecake with red chilli powder and chunda (raw mango chutney). So, I made little cupcakes out of them and the Gujarati clients were floored," said Arora. Her cakes are priced upward of Rs 3,000 per kilo and that includes crossover desserts.
Pastry chef Kishi Arora, who owns baking company Foodaholics, said spending power and experimentation have risen significantly and customers want to try fun Indian things that have been created by playing around with international techniques.
"Recently, a customer asked me to bake a New York style cheesecake with red chilli powder and chunda (raw mango chutney). So, I made little cupcakes out of them and the Gujarati clients were floored," said Arora. Her cakes are priced upward of Rs 3,000 per kilo and that includes crossover desserts.

Bisleri enters energy drink segment with caffeine-free URZZAbeverage
(Bisleri will manufacture URZZA at…)
MUMBAI: Leading packaged drinking water firm Bisleri International has forayed into the energy drink segment with 'URZZA' and is eyeing a sales target of 10 million cases (24 cans) in one year, a senior company executive has said.
"URZZA is a great tasting energy booster that stimulates the mind and refreshes the body and does not contain caffeine. It is fortified with essential vitamins that help tired bodies to bounce back with energy fit for all age group. Now it is partially launched and will be available across the country by the end of this month," Bisleri International Chairman Ramesh Chauhan said.
The beverage is mainly targeted at the upwardly mobile youth and will be available in 250 ml cans and 300 ml per bottles, both priced at Rs 50.
The formula for URZZA was developed in-house, he said. "We will create a new segment in the market by making energy drinks more acceptable for any-occasion-consumption. It took us two years to develop URZZA. We are expecting sales of 10 million cases (24 cans) in 12 months," he added.
Bisleri will manufacture URZZA at seven locations in the country, five at its own units and two at third party manufacturer, and distribute it through its existing network, he said.
The company has put in a total investment is Rs 200 crore for developing and manufacturing URZZA, he said.
"We have invested Rs 200 to develop and manufacture URZZA and the funding is done mainly through internal accrual," he said.
The company is in the process of tying-up with organised retailer and online grocery stores.
Bisleri currently enjoys 60 per cent share of the organised mineral water category in the country with an annual sales of 1,000 million units, which is growing at 26 per cent every year.
The company has a network of 13 own plants, 34 co-packers and 16 franchises, it covers a retail base of more than 5 lakh outlets.
Apart from Bisleri, the company also has a brand of mountain water known as Vedica and also a brand of carbonated water called Bisleri Soda.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Insurance funds pile up for bank account; insurers bank on Jan DhanInsurance funds pile up for want of bank account; insurers bank on Jan Dhan Yojana
By Mayur Shetty, TNN | 12 Sep, 2014, 11.46AM IST
Data released by the govt in response to a Parliament query shows that as much as Rs 5,848 crore is lying unclaimed with insurance companies.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Life insurers are seeing policyholder funds pile up unclaimed following the regulator's diktat that all maturity benefits should be directly transferred to a bank account. Insurers are now hoping that universal bank accounts under the Jan Dhan Yojana will help address the issue.
While a large number of pending payments are in respect of small accounts, there are some chunky payouts where the policyholder has not provided his account number. Insurers feel that these could be cases of undeclared income as there is no rationale for large policyholders to not share their account number.
"Although it is only since April that it has become mandatory to make payments through electronic transfer, the amounts have been piling up," said the CEO of a private life insurance company.
Data released by the government in response to a Parliament query shows that as much as Rs 5,848 crore is lying unclaimed with insurance companies. Of this, the Life Insurance Corporation accounts for Rs 1,548 crore while Reliance Life Insurance has Rs 1,502 crore.
In addition to the PM's Jan Dhan Yojana, another move that would reduce the number of unclaimed deposits with insurance companies is the regulator's plan to introduce an insurance repository.
"In the Insurance Repository System , an electronic Insurance Account (eIA) holder can maintain all his policies in a unique account and can access the same at the click of a button. Bank details are a pre-requisite whilst opening an eIA, which entails seamless settlements on maturity. Further, in case of eventualities, the authorized representative of the eIA holder facilitates the claims as per policy level nominations," said Pandula Sreelakshmi, chief operating officer, SHCIL Projects (SHCIL IR). She added that these measures would curb the unclaimed policy monies significantly and benefit policyholders as it is free and would provide them notifications through email and SMS.
The head of another private life insurance company said, "We had considered making it mandatory that all premium payments should be made by cheque, but we had second thoughts as there was an opinion that this would amount to refusing legal tender." He added that in many of the policies that are sold under the regulator's social sector requirement, the premium was collected in cash from the insured. The prime minister's Jan Dhan Yojana is aimed at opening bank accounts for most of the unbanked families in the country.

Putin wants to destroy Ukraine and recreate USSR: Ukraine PMArseniy Yatseniuk (above) also praised a new wave of economic sanctions imposed on Russia by the European Union and the US. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Kiev | Posted: September 13, 2014 12:41 pm
Russian President Vladimir Putin’s goal is to destroy Ukraine as an independent country and to restore the Soviet Union, Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseny Yatseniuk said on Saturday.
Speaking at an conference in Kiev attended by European and Ukrainian lawmakers and business leaders, Yatseniuk also praised a new wave of economic sanctions imposed on Russia by the European Union and the United States and said they posed a major threat to the Russian economy.
“We are still in a stage of war and the key aggressor is the Russian Federation … Putin wants another frozen conflict (in eastern Ukraine),” Yatseniuk said.
“His goal is to take the entire Ukraine … Russia is a threat to the global order and to the security of the entire Europe.”
His goal is to take the entire Ukraine ... Russia is a threat to the global order and to the security of the entire Europe

India s foreign reserves down $1.32 billion#rbi #india #foreign reserves #international monetary fund
Mumbai: India's foreign exchange reserves fell by $1.32 billion to $317.31 billion for the week ended September 5, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data showed. The reserves had grown by $60.5 million to $318.64 billion for the week ended August 29.
According to the RBI's weekly statistical supplement, foreign currency assets, the biggest component of the forex reserves, decreased by $1.02 billion at $290.36 billion in the week under review.
The foreign currency assets had increased by $75 million to $291.39 billion for the previous week.
The reserves had grown by $60.5 million to $318.64 billion for the week ended August 29.
The RBI said that the foreign currency assets, expressed in US dollar terms, include the effect of appreciation or depreciation of non-US currencies held in reserve such as the pound sterling, euro and yen.
India's reserve position with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) slipped by $16 million to $1.67 billion.
The value of special drawing rights (SDRs) was down by $41.6 million at $4.34 billion.
The value of gold reserves fell $240.7 million at $20.93 billion for the week ended September 5. The value of gold reserves had remained static at $21.17 billion since August 22.

How to Make Most of New PPF Limit of Rs 1.5 lakhYou are here: Home Your Money
How to Make Most of New PPF Limit of Rs 1.5 lakh
NDTV | Updated On: September 13, 2014 12:35 (IST)
Wealthy Indians Prefer Second Home in London, New York: Report
The Public Provident Fund (PPF) is one of the most popular tax-saving schemes. In a further boost to its attractiveness, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget increased the ceiling on PPF investment to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh. The government has issued a notification raising the annual PPF deposit limit to Rs 1.5 lakh.
Mr Jaitley also increased the maximum amount eligible for deduction through permissible investments under 80C of the Income-Tax Act to Rs 1.5 lakh, from Rs 1 lakh. PPF is one of the financial savings that qualifies for Section 80C tax benefits. Not only the money you invest in PPF is exempt from tax under Section 80C, the interest you earn on the PPF investment is also exempt from tax.
(Also Read | New PF Rules: What to Know )
How PPF interest is calculated: The interest on PPF account is no longer fixed and is now pegged to the yield on government bonds. The government declares the interest rate payable on PPF every year. For 2014-15, the government has announced interest rate of 8.70 per cent (compounded yearly).
The interest on balance in your PPF account is compounded annually and is credited at the end of the year. But the point to remember is that the interest calculation is done every month: the interest is calculated on lowest balances in account between 5th and the last day of the month.
So if you deposit after 5th of a month, you don't earn interest for that month.
The ideal way to maximise the interest on your PPF account would be to invest Rs 1.5 lakh (the maximum investible amount in a year) at one go at the beginning of the financial year. PPF accounts follow an April-to-March year so to earn the maximum interest, you should deposit the amount on/before 5th of April every year. A one-time deposit will earn interest for the whole year.
Deposits in PPF account can be made in lump-sum or in maximum 12 installments.
On the other hand, if you want to deposit some amount every month, remember to deposit on/before 5th of that month. This will help you to earn interest for that month.
Suppose, you deposit Rs 15,000 every month in 10 instalments. A back-of-the-envelope calculation suggests that if you deposit before 5th of every month, you can earn extra monthly interest of close to Rs 105 and for 10 months it would help you to earn Rs 1,050 more, at the current interest rate of 8.7 per cent. For a long-term investment product like PPF, if you follow the habit of depositing before 5th of every month, it could mean bigger retirement kitty for you.
Disclaimer: "Investors are advised to make their own assessment before acting on the information."
Story first published on: September 13, 2014 12:35 (IST)

Banks need to act tough against wilful defaulters  feel analystsUpdated: September 13, 2014 23:28 IST
Banks need to act tough against wilful defaulters, feel analysts
Indrani Dutta
banking
There is a perceptible message from the government to the banking system that they should differentiate between a genuine default and a wilful one.
The backing that the government has given to the banking industry on the wilful defaulter issue is a weapon in the hands of banks, which should now feel emboldened to tackle the problem head on, feel analysts.
Analysts also feel that while the Reserve Bank of India has always been vigilant, it has now become vocal on the issue of loan recovery. In this new scenario, the services of analyst and law firms are increasingly being used by banks as they try to recover their bad loans.
Says Reshmi Khurana, Managing Director of Kroll India, “Bringing errant company promoters in line has suddenly become more important than blindly recasting debt, which meant just postponing a problem.”
Kroll Services is a global company, which provides risk mitigation services. Its services include investigative due diligence and fraud investigations. While banks have been brushing their problems under the carpet for far too long, they started feeling the heat once the economic downturn surfaced.
“The music stopped after 2008, and the economic reality hit the banks and NPAs started climbing,” she said, adding that spectacular failures made people sit up.
Explaining the reason why services of firms such as hers were being requisitioned, she said, “Our services are being hired, as traditional tools like auditors report do not work when default is traditional ... then books are cooked, data is not forthcoming and ... we are hired not for a witch-hunt but to detect whether there is a wilful default.”
However, Dina Wadia, partner J. Sagar Associates law firm, feels that while RBI circulars against wilful defaulters existed in the past too, it is only now that there is a perceptible message from the government to the banking system that they should differentiate between a genuine default and a wilful one. “Banks have been given the go-ahead to act tough and extend the benefit of a corporate debt restructuring only if there is a genuine default,” he said.

Market rally rejigs cement  pharma pecking orderKrishna Kant |  Mumbai Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 11:20 PM IST
Market rally rejigs cement, pharma pecking order
Shree Cement beats ACC in market value, Lupin ahead of Dr Reddy's Labs
The recent rally on Dalal Street seems to have changed the pecking order in terms of market value for some industries. In cement, for example, Kolkata-headquartered Shree Cement has raced past its bigger rival ACC to become the country's third-most-valuable cement maker and is closing in on Ambuja Cement, the second-biggest at present. This is even as ACC remains twice as big as Shree Cement in terms of revenues and reported 22 per cent higher profits than the latter in the year ended June 30.
Similarly in pharmaceuticals, Lupin has surpassed Dr Reddy's Labs to emerge as the country's second-most-valuable drug maker, behind only Sun Pharma. Last year, Lupin had overtaken Cipla to become the third-biggest in market valuable among pharma makers. In terms of revenue and profits, however, Dr Reddy's remains India's second-biggest, ahead of Lupin.
These are revealed by a Business Standard analysis of change in market capitalisation of top four companies by value in the respective sectors. Including mid and small-cap stocks is likely to throw up more surprises, given that the market rally has been much stronger for Tier-II and -III stocks.
According to analysts, a differential share price movement could potentially alter industry landscape in the longer term, as higher market capitalisation would provide companies with the firepower to scale up investment and grow faster than peers. "A company has the option of leveraging its market cap to raise fresh capital through instruments like qualified institutional placement of shares, rights issue or follow-on offer," says G Chokkalingam, founder & CEO, Equinomics Research & Advisory.
Even if the management doesn't opt for fresh equity issue for fund-raising, higher valuation has a positive impact on the company's cost of funds. Rating agencies take market capitalisation into account, among other parameters, while assigning credit ratings. Everything else being equal, a company with higher market cap tends to get higher rating which lowers its cost of debt.
"Market value indicates the fund-raising capacity of a company and provides financial flexibility to its management. The linkage, however, is indirect and most useful in capital-intensive industries, where companies need to raise debt frequently to fund growth," says Arun Kumar, head of corporate ratings at CARE Ratings.
The linkage is surely working for Shree Cement. Recently, the company was upgraded by CARE Ratings to AAA from AA+ earlier. This has reduced the company's cost of funds by around 50 basis points and puts it on a par with larger peers like Ultratech Cement, Ambuja Cement and ACC, which have been in the AAA club for a year now. One basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point. The company says it is averse to equity dilution for raising capital, while higher credit rating will make it easier and cheaper to raise debt. "All our expansion is fully funded now, but it will help when we decide to borrow in future," says a senior company executive who does not wish to be named.
This explains the new-found aggression at the company's Kolkata headquarters. Earlier this month, Shree Cement announced a deal to acquire Jaiprakash Associates' grinding unit in Panipat for Rs 360 crore. This is the company's first acquisition ever and signals a change in its 'organic only' growth strategy.
Lupin has also witnessed an improvement in its credit rating, in step with a rise in its valuation, lowering its funding cost and helping it grow faster.
Analysts, however, warn that the rally in Tier-II companies might be a sign of exuberance, rather than a genuine improvement in the finances of these companies. "Normally, bigger companies get higher valuation than their smaller peers. It has reversed in the current rally and hints at irrational exuberance of investors," warns Chokkalingam.
 Advertisements

Red sanders e-auction postponed to Oct 10-17Satya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Qnet scam: Mumbai Police arrests Michael Ferreiras formerdaughter-in-lawPrint
Express News Service | Mumbai | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:30 am
THE Economic Offences Wing (EOW) of the Mumbai Police Crime Branch has arrested the former daughter-in-law of former World Billiards champion Michael Ferreira in connection with the alleged Qnet scam, which is being investigated by the agency since last year.
Ferreira is alleged to be an 80 per cent shareholder in Vihaan Direct Marketing Selling Ltd, a franchise of Hong Kong-based company Qnet, which is alleged to have made Rs 425 crore through binary schemes.
Additional Commissioner of Police (EOW) Rajvardhan Sinha confirmed the arrest, saying, “We have arrested Susan Chatterjee in connection with the Qnet case. She is Ferreira’s former daughter-in-law. We have found around Rs 1.70 crore in her bank account, which were earned by Qnet through its binary scheme.”
In August last year, the EOW registered an FIR against Qnet and its Indian franchise Vihaan, which claimed to sell cosmetics and other products. The EOW went on to arrest nine directors of Qnet for allegedly indulging in a binary scheme, where existing members are required to bring in more members and are paid commissions for the same. Officials from EOW said that such a practice is banned in India under the Prize Chitfund and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act.
While probing the case, the EOW had found that Ferreira, who is a Padmashree awardee, held an 80 per cent stake in Qnet’s Indian franchise Vihaan. Actor Boman Irani’s son Danesh was also found to be associated with the company earlier this year.
EOW officials said that Susan has been remanded in police custody until September 16, and the police were making further inquiries.

Don t jump to conclusions  AAPs CD episode has a different tale to tellprint
The politics of Delhi is back in the news and, sadly, for all the wrong reasons. A CD released by the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) purports to show BJP leaders attempting to bribe its MLAs so that the BJP can form a government. Many will, therefore, conclude that the lieutenant governor invited this problem by seeking to form a government. An immediate election was the better option.
I’m afraid that’s a hasty conclusion. You only have to consider three questions to realise an election is neither necessary nor inevitable. This is because after AAP’s right to demand an early election was wrongly refused in February, a new constitutional logic has come into play. Now you can’t ignore it.
First, was the lieutenant governor right to seek permission to invite the BJP to form a government or should he have simply sought to dissolve the Delhi assembly and go for fresh polls? After keeping the assembly in suspended animation for six months, in the hope a government could be possible at a later date, it was incumbent on him to try to form one before deciding on dissolution. Not to have attempted this would have made a mockery of his own decision to keep the assembly suspended. And the only way that can be tried is by asking the BJP, the single-largest party, if it’s willing to form a government.
Now comes the second critical question: Can the BJP form a government without bribing MLAs of other parties to either abstain or resign and vacate their seats? Most people have concluded that with 28 MLAs in a house of 67, which requires 34 for a majority, the answer has to be no. They are wrong.
What they’ve overlooked is that the BJP can form a minority government. It may not have happened earlier in Delhi but it’s happened at the national level (Narasimha Rao from 1991 to 1996) and it’s perfectly legal, legitimate and constitutional.
Of course, if the BJP does form a minority government it will only survive as long as the majority in the Delhi assembly permits it to do so. But that could be a fairly long while. Let me explain.
Only if the Congress and AAP combine can a minority BJP government be defeated. AAP may be ready to bring it down but is the Congress? As this paper revealed on Monday, an early election — which will be the outcome of defeating a minority BJP government — doesn’t suit the Congress. The party needs time to rebuild its strength. The December state elections and the May national elections left it decimated. Equally importantly, time could also diminish the appeal of AAP.
For both these reasons the Congress could choose to keep a BJP minority government in office for several years. It can do so by either abstaining in a vote of confidence or creating a pretext to walk out.
Do you now see why AAP is so keen to push for early elections? A delay doesn’t suit the party because time is not on its side.
Finally, if I’m sceptical, this is one possible reason why AAP has repeatedly alleged the BJP has attempted to lure its MLAs with bribes. If the party can convince the lieutenant governor or the President that skulduggery is afoot, it might push them towards an early election without exhausting the possibility of a viable minority government. Seen in this light, AAP’s CD can be interpreted very differently.
The views expressed by the author are personal.

Self-driving cars are now also chatting with each other#self driving cars #driverless cars #acura rlx #general motorls #honda #apple #google
Detroit: An Acura RLX sedan demonstrated an unusual way to tow another car this week: the vehicles were not physically attached. The second car drove itself, following instructions beamed over by the first in a feat of technology that indicates a new stage in automation is happening faster than many expected.
Systems that enable vehicles to communicate with each other have been developed in recent years in parallel with features that enable cars to drive themselves. Manufacturers and suppliers now are putting the two together in novel ways, with broad implications for vehicle safety and convenience.
General Motors, Honda Motor, which owns Acura, and other automakers are working with traditional suppliers and startup firms. Tech giants Google, with its pioneering work on driverless cars, and Apple, which is working with automakers to embed greater connectivity in their cars, are accelerating the change.
An Acura RLX sedan tows another with Honda's virtual tow technology that creates a wireless link between two cars, during a demonstration at the ITS World Congress in Detroit, Michigan, September 11. (Reuters)
"It is the mix of big companies - Apple, Google, the automakers and the data aggregators - that starts to create momentum. Two years ago, it was different. It was a promise. Today, it's reality," said Laurens Eckelboom, executive vice president of business development at Parkmobile, a smart-parking startup whose investors include BMW AG and Ford Motor Chairman Bill Ford's venture capital firm Fontinalis Partners.
A "truck platooning" application by Peloton Technology, a startup based in California's Silicon Valley, is intended to save fuel and reduce collisions.
As with virtual towing, a "platoon" of two heavy trucks use wireless communication and computer-controlled braking and acceleration to keep in close formation on the highway, according to a description by the company, which expects to start selling the technology late next year at $2,000 per truck plus a share of the projected operating savings.
The total price tag for widespread adoption of such features could be steep. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration estimates automakers will need to spend billions of dollars to install safety systems that automatically assist drivers and could be mandated by 2020, when the industry expects the first self-driving cars to start easing onto roads.
Who is liable?
There are other risks and issues including reliability, cybersecurity and legal liability.
"What happens if a self-driving car gets into an accident? Who is liable for the damages? Will the human 'copilot' be at fault or will the car's manufacturer?," the Center for Insurance Policy and Research wrote last month, citing "a long list of safety and legal issues to iron out before self-driving cars hit the road."
All the razzle-dazzle technology promised by automakers and regulators "shouldn't take our eyes off the prize - cars that don't crash," Jon Lauckner, GM's chief technology officer, said at the Intelligent Transport Systems World Congress in Detroit this week.
Citi analyst Itay Michaeli said the convergence of connected and automated technologies also has the potential to reduce vehicle emissions and fuel usage, and bring down vehicle operating and insurance costs.
Active safety, including hands-free driver assistance and accident avoidance, was a common thread of many technical discussions and technology advances on display at the ITS show, which attracted 10,000 engineers, scientists and researchers, ending on Thursday.
Automakers are starting to put more of the new technologies on the road "to get some experience and see how the market reacts in advance of the government requiring it," said Jeff Owens, Delphi Automotive chief technology officer.
Price is still a big question. Some advanced systems could cost two to three times more to develop than early adopters are likely to pay, several industry insiders estimated in conversations at the show.
Even with just a few semi-automated systems installed, the price tag remains stiff, although recent studies have shown car buyers are willing to pay about $3,000 to have hands-free driving capability.
The Chrysler Group, a unit of Italy's Fiat SpA, is charging nearly $3,500 for a technology bundle on its new 2015 Chrysler 200C sedan that includes adaptive cruise control, which automatically applies brakes and throttle to keep a vehicle a safe distance behind the one ahead; lane departure warning with lane keep assist, which automatically redirects a vehicle that is drifting out of its traffic lane; blind spot and cross path detection, which helps the driver monitor the presence of vehicles, and automatic park assist.
GM's Cadillac brand hasn't said how much its new Smart Cruise system will cost when it debuts in about two years. The system is designed to enable hands-free driving on the freeway with automatic steering, braking and throttle, as well as using GM's OnStar system to provide location, weather and traffic information to the automated systems.
But drivers should not expect to take a snooze. "We are talking about 'automated' driving features, not autonomous driving," with Smart Cruise, warned spokesman Jim Cain. "We will have strategies in place to keep the driver alert and engaged."

Will Apple Pay kill the card swipe#apple pay #contactless payment #nfc
New York: Apple wants the plastic credit card to become as rare as the paper cheque.
On Tuesday, the company announced Apple Pay, a digital payment system that lets people pay for retail store purchases using their phones rather than cash or credit cards. The service, which will work both with iPhones and Apple's new Watch, is backed by a host of big retailers, along with most major banks and credit card issuers, including Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
ALSO SEE Apple Pay review: Simplifies payments, improves security
So-called contactless payment isn't new. Starbucks, McDonald's, PayPal, Google and Square offer their own services, but only a small portion of customers use them. Some experts believe Apple Pay - with its presence on millions of iPhones and its advanced security features - could be the service that leads to widespread adoption of the digital wallet.
Payment digitisation paints an enticing vision of shopping's future: simply tap your device against a checkout screen and walk away with your new shoes.
Citi Investment Research analyst Mark May believes the sum total of mobile payments could grow from $1 billion in 2013 to $58.4 billion by 2017.
ALSO SEE Apple's new mobile payment service Pay allows users to pay for items in stores with their iPhones
Payment digitisation paints an enticing vision of shopping's future: simply tap your device against a checkout screen and walk away with your new shoes.
But despite the flashy Apple Pay launch, Apple faces challenges making that vision a reality. The company and other digital wallet providers must convince shoppers that the transactions are safe - especially in the wake of recent high-profile data breaches at Home Depot and Target. Meanwhile, the company must also make a case to retailers that it's worth it for them to invest in new point-of-sale systems.
Many US merchants still aren't sold on the idea. About 220,000 stores are set up to accept Apple Pay. That's only 5.5 per cent of the 3.6 million retail locations in the US, according to the National Retail Federation. The biggest US retailers, including Wal-Mart and Best Buy, are not participating in Apple Pay.
The main reason is cost. Each point-of-sale device, which uses something called near-field communication technology, costs hundreds of dollars, plus hours of worker training. And there's been little customer demand for the systems.
That may change now that Apple has entered the arena, says Gartner analyst Avivah Litan.
"There's no doubt young people want to use phones to make payments, but they have to have a place to pay," says Litan. She predicts bigger retailers will see how well Apple partners like McDonald's do before they move into mobile payments.
"If it goes well at other retailers, Wal-Mart and other companies may break down and start taking it," Litan says.
In countries such as Canada and the UK, contactless point-of-sale systems are widespread, and as a result, such payments are far more common. In Canada, for instance, about 20 per cent of transactions at registers processed by MasterCard are completed by contactless payment, according to MasterCard.
"What you learn from that is when consumers start 'tapping' two or three times, they never go back to their old behaviour at that merchant. ... It's just a much better experience," says Ed McLaughlin, chief emerging payments officer at MasterCard.
One of the strengths of Apple Pay is its security. Its system uses the company's Touch ID fingerprint technology, a secure chip, and payments that require a one-time security code.
That kind of security - similar to the chip-and-pin credit card system used in Europe - would prevent the type of breaches that happened at Target and Home Depot. And it could be a compelling reason for retailers to adopt Apple Pay, Litan says.
"If you get enough people using the service, it would cut down on retailers' security costs, and that's why over time it may really take off," she says.
Still, not everyone is convinced that swiping a credit or debit card is that much of an inconvenience in the first place. Bill Ready, head of next generation commerce at PayPal, points out that near-field communication has been around for 10 years without catching on. His vision of the mobile payment future is more akin to an "e-commerce style transaction happening in the physical world," he says, citing the example of car-sharing service Uber, which works with PayPal to processes riders' payments by way of a mobile phone app.
"Uber addressed a real pain point, in that hailing a taxi and payment for a taxi is cumbersome," he says. "We're focused on those types of things more than killing the card swipe."
Even amid the differing visions, most experts agree that the march toward the digitisation of payment will continue.
"Someone is going to figure out how to make mobile payments easy and cheap and then we're talking a real shift in consumer behaviour," says Gartner's Litan.

Hearty and cheerful Lalu Prasad walks out of Mumbai hospital#rjd leader #lalu prasad #mumbai hospital #discharged #asian heart institute
Mumbai: Eighteen days after undergoing three cardiac surgeries, a hearty and cheerful RJD chief Lalu Prasad on Saturday walked out of the Asian Heart Institute, doctors said.
"Lalu Prasad has been an excellent and cooperative patient with a strong willpower which has helped him immensely in his speedy recovery," said Ramakanta Panda, the hospital's vice chairman and MD, who is also a renowned heart surgeon.
Normally, in such cases (with triple heart surgeries), the medical authorities start cardiac rehabilitation after 15 days of surgery, but considering Lalu Prasad's stable condition, it was started nine days after the operations, he said.
RJD chief Lalu Prasad on Saturday walked out of the Asian Heart Institute, doctors said.
The former Bihar Chief Minister will remain temporarily on blood thinning medication for the next around 10 weeks with a simple and less oily diet.
He will also be required to continue with his regime of exercises for the next fortnight.
"Lalu-ji had come to us for heart treatment, but eventually, he captured all our hearts with his positive attitude and happy-go-lucky nature," said the hospital's medical director Vijay D'Silva while seeing off the RJD leader.
Discussing his medical condition, D'Silva said all his vital parameters were within normal range and his post-operative recovery went smoothly.
The hospital's cardiac rehabilitation chief Nilesh Gautam said Lalu Prasad was doing regular cardiac rehab exercises since the surgery with a dramatic increase in his exercise capacity.
"He regularly did bicycle exercises, walked the treadmill for 8-10 minutes continuously twice daily, all with a very positive frame of mind," Gautam said.
The Rashtriya Janata Dal chief was admitted on August 25 for heart-related ailments.
On August 27, heart surgeon and hospital chief Panda and his team performed three heart surgeries on him for over six hours.
The surgeries were for an aortic valve replacement, an aortic repair and sealing a three-mm hole in the heart.
Leaders from various political parties called on Lalu Prasad during his stay in the hospital.
He is likely to bounce back to normal action over the next few weeks, the medicos said.

Apple a decade behind Japan mobile payment c...You are here: Home > Collections > Japan
Apple a decade behind Japan mobile payment curve
AFP Sep 14, 2014, 09.13AM IST
Tags:
Apple
(A type of Near Field Communication…)
TOKYO: Apple's proud announcement that its new iPhone could be used to buy goods in a single swipe left customers non-plussed in Japan, where mobile contactless payments have been normal fare for a decade.
A type of Near Field Communication (NFC) chip, known in Japan as FeliCa, was introduced to the Japanese mobile market in June 2004 and has been been implanted in almost all phones sold in the country since.
The iPhone has been one of the few chip-less exceptions -- something that will change when the new models hit Japanese shelves on September 19.
Ten years ago the charismatic Takeshi Natsuno, who was then multimedia services director of Japanese mobile operator NTT Docomo, extolled the benefits of swapping cash for cell phones.
"When I leave my house in the morning all I take with me is my phone, which lets me do everything -- pay, take public transport -- simply by swiping a special reader in shops, stations or airports," he said at the time.
FeliCa was conceived by Sony way back in 1989 and first used in the Hong Kong underground railway system in 1997 -- in a card known as Octopus -- inspiring cities around the world to use similar technology in their own contactless transport cards.
Japan adopted an electronic payment system for trains in 2001, starting with the JR East network, which serves the Tokyo region.
The transport cards' success led to the integration of contactless chips into Japanese mobile phones and lifestyles with the creation of a group of apps known as the "mobile wallet" by NTT Docomo in 2004.
Thousands of readers are now installed in convenience stores, on vending machines, in office buildings and at stations and airports in Japan.
Contactless payments are a normal part of everyday life for many Japanese people, said Michael Au, president of the South Asia and Japan branch of digital security firm Gemalto .
"Japan has the most developed contactless infrastructure in the world and customers are already familiar with using their mobiles for contactless services," he said.
Sony, which said it has delivered more than 530 million FeliCa chips for cards and 245 million for mobile phones, is now responsible for making around a hundred various services based on the technology compatible with each other.
NFC was approved as a standard in 2003, as the fruit of cooperation between Sony and Dutch company Philips Semiconductors (now known as NXP Semiconductors).
"NFC has not reached the level of popularity or integration into current systems that FeliCa has in Japan. FeliCa paints a picture of NFC's goal and how to get there," says a site providing information about NFC.
The huge success at home that has not translated into sales abroad is a common theme in Japan, where companies have tended to focus on the large home market and its particularly fussy consumers.
This has led to a phenomenon dubbed the "Galapagos Syndrome". Like the distinct evolution Charles Darwin catalogued on the remote Galapagos Islands , technology in Japan has a tendency to develop without reference to other parts of the planet and is then incompatible with foreign market standards.
The most well-known example of this is the mobile phone, where Japan was initially streets ahead and had polyphonal, full-colour flip-top mobile phones in the late 1990s.
These units were Internet-capable as far back as 1999. But the technology ossified and Japan was a relative late-comer to the smartphone market.
This "Galapagos-ization" has also been remarked in the video game, car and audio markets, with products such as the MiniDisc, compact cars and manga-inspired games all failing to make the same headway overseas as in Japan.
Natsuno, who is now a professor at Keio University in Tokyo, says Japan should have looked into overseas expansion of its cutting edge contactless payments system much sooner.
The fact that "we didn't extend this concept to the rest of the world" means that now Japan "can't do anything" about Apple's bragging over their innovative iPhone 6 with an NFC chip, he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Questioned by SC  government fills vacancies on wildlife boardNitin Sethi |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 09:15 AM IST
Questioned by SC, government fills vacancies on wildlife board
Justifies clearing more than 130 projects through the truncated panel earlier
The NDA government has finally nominated the full National Board of Wildlife after it was stung by the Supreme Court questioning the setting up of a truncated panel. The government has claimed nominating only some of the requisite outside experts was a temporary phase which has been rectified now.
Before the truncated board got challenged in the apex court, the board's standing committee had already cleared almost 130 projects falling within or around tiger reserves, national parks and sanctuaries. But these too the government has defended. Its asked for the case to now be dismissed.
In its affidavit before the court, the environment ministry has stated that only the structure of the full board was detailed in the law and not its standing committee. The full board is headed by the Prime Minister and meets occasionally. The standing committee constituted out of the board is headed by the environment minister, has all the powers of the board and meets more regularly. The standing committee is empowered to review all projects falling inside or within the 10 km range of the protected wildlife areas.
The Wildlife Protection Act, 1976 requires that the full board have 10 outside wildlife and ecology experts besides five non-government expert agencies on the board. Out of this the law requires the government to constitute the standing committee which must have not more than 10 members from the board as its members.
The PMO had filled up only three of the 15 non-government slots on the wildlife board. One of these was a Gujarat government's agency, another one was a retired Gujarat cadre forest officer and the third an elephant expert on board. All three were put on the standing committee too which cleared more than 130 projects in two days. 
The government has claimed that even if the board was truncated, the standing committee formed out of it met the legal criteria of having less than 10 members.
It's now nominated four retired government officials on the board. These are VB Sawarkar and PR Sinha, both retired directors from the government's Wildlife Institute of India, two retired forest officers SS Bist and PS Esa, wildlife researcher RJ Rao from Gwalior, Madan Mohan Pant, an educationist and Rajendra P Kerkar, the founder of the Vivekanda Environment Awareness Brigade in Goa and LavKumar Khachar, an environmentalist from Gujarat. Besides these, the government has
nominated WWF, Bombay Natural History Society, Aranayak and Nature Conservation Society Jharkhand on board too. 
The government has not indicated if it would expand the standing committee of the board to accommodate any of the new members or not.
The Supreme Court is expected to hear the case filed by Chandra Bhal Singh through the lawyer Sanjay Upadhyay next week.
 Advertisements

J-K floods: These doctors are turning out to be Angels of MercyComments
The three-storey building still under construction in Srinagar’s Rawalpora Housing Colony has no doors or windows yet, but is full of grateful locals. They were all in need of medical aid and are now being treated here, at a makeshift relief camp set up by neighbourhood doctors and volunteers. The camp is one of the hundreds that have taken shape in the Valley, as the region reeled from its worst floods in 50 years.
Army doctor check a 10-month-old at a medical camp in Hyderpora. (Raj K Raj/ HT Photo)
With hospitals and clinics six feet or more under floodwaters, doctors and nurses have set up makeshift clinics with basic equipment and whatever stocks of medicines they could buy or salvage.
“We are about 100 doctors living in this neighbourhood. We cannot reach our respective hospitals neither can we sit idle while thousands need treatment, so we decided to get together,” says Dr Jameel Ahmad Mir, an orthopedic specialist posted at a government hospital in Tangmarg, 40 km from Srinagar.
The group has also volunteered to staff seven government hospitals in the area that have not been flooded, but have become nonfunctional because most of the staff live in flood-hit areas and have been evacuated.
“The Bone and Joint Hospital , for example, is lying abandoned. We plan to restart it over the weekend. We’re not thinking about seeking permissions right now, all we are thinking about is helping people,” says Dr Mir. He and his colleagues have pooled their stock of essential medicines.
“We can provide consultations and treat minor ailments, which is what people need at the moment. Those who need superspeciality care will be moved to functional private hospitals,” says Dr Sajjad Fazli, an ophthalmologist who runs a private clinic.
A two-minute walk away is the Mohammad Iqbal convention centre and wedding hall, now home to about 3,000 evacuees. There is a medical helpdesk at the door. All new arrivals get a health check.
“This is my first forced leave as I am the kind of person who works even on national holidays and most weekly offs,” says Dr Saleem Najar, head of the nephrology department at Sher-i-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences (SKIMS), the biggest of the three government-run medical colleges in the state. “There was no way I could have said no to volunteering for this medical camp.” On average, Dr Najar sees 10 people an hour at the camp.
“The majority have very high blood pressure, which is natural considering the trauma they are undergoing. Medicines to control high blood pressure top the list,”says Kausar Jabeen, a nurse at SKIMS who is also volunteering here.
A separate room has been turned into a makeshift maternity ward. “Many of the pregnant women are in shock,” says Jabeen.
Local doctors are also volunteering at medical relief camps set up by the Indian Army. “My conscience tells me to not think of moving to safety but to help others in this hour of need,” says Dr Mohammad Yahiya Khan, an orthopedic specialist at Bone and Joint Hospital, who is volunteering at the Army-run Tengpura Relief Camp.

India uses ancient texts to foil US bid to patent lotus to treat obesityIndia uses ancient texts to foil US bid to patent lotus to treat obesity
Vanita Srivastava , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 14, 2014
First Published: 09:49 IST(14/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:52 IST(14/9/2014)
Comments
The claim made by a US company on the usefulness of  lotus  and cowhage (a herb) for treatment of obesity and hunger at the European Patent Office (EPO) has been foiled by India, largely because of submission of prior art evidence from ancient Hindu texts that refutes the claim of novelty.
Advertisement
The US based company Somalab had filed a patent publication no EP2419508 at the European Patent Office (EPO) in 2010. The patent titled ‘Method for the induction of a reward response by modulation of dopaminergic systems in the central nervous system ‘ had claimed the usefulness of lotus and cowhage in the treatment of obesity and hunger control as novel. The patent was ‘deemed to have been withdrawn’ through a communication by EPO on August 13, 2014.
The Traditional Knowledge Digital Library (TKDL), a unit of Council of Scientific & Industrial Research had submitted prior art evidence in the form of references from ancient books and texts citing evidence that the plants have been used alone or in combination along with few other ingredients for the treatment for the treatment of obesity, polyphagia/excessive hunger and for satiating in the traditional Indian system of medicine.
Confirming that the patent has been deemed to have been withdrawn, an EPO spokesperson said: “The exact reason for the applicant losing interest in their patent application cannot be known for certain. It is true that evidence provided by TKDL was used by the EPO examiner in their examination report, objecting to aspects of the Somalab’s patent application and subsequently Somalab’s application was deemed withdrawn for failure to respond. They have a few weeks to react, but if we do not get a response, the application will be terminated.”
Former TKDL director VK Gupta had on his last day in office submitted all evidence which specifies that these plants were used traditionally for treatment of obesity and hunger control.
“The claims of the usefulness of a combination of plants — sacred lotus and cowhage for treatment of obesity, polyphagia/excessive hunger and for satiating when the therapeutic effects of claimed plants are already known as traditional knowledge cannot be considered as inventive,” Dr Gupta had said in his letter to EPO.

IS video shows beheading of British hostage  UK vows actionAfter beheading Foley, Sotloff and Haines, IS parades British aid worker Alan Hening
AFP
print
The Islamic State claimed the beheading of a British aid worker on Saturday, an act slammed as "pure evil" by Prime Minister David Cameron who vowed Britain would do all it could to catch the killers.
President Barack Obama offered US support for its "ally in grief", while Cameron faced growing calls to allow Britain's military to help in Washington's planned assault against the rampaging  jihadist group.
Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
The British premier will chair a meeting of the government's emergency Cobra committee early Sunday in response to the online video purportedly showing a masked IS militant killing hostage David Haines in retribution for the US and British campaign against the group.
Cameron called the attack "a despicable and appalling murder of an innocent aid worker" and "an act of pure evil."
"We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes," he said in a statement.
Two US journalists have been murdered in similar circumstances in recent weeks.
Obama slammed the latest attack as "barbaric" and said the US "stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve".
Britain has yet to join US air strikes against IS in Iraq, but has offered to arm Kurdish Peshmerga fighters battling against militants in the north of the country, a move cited in the latest video as a reason for revenge.
Read: Act of pure evil, says Cameron as UK hostage beheaded
Murdered 'in cold blood'
Britain's Foreign Office said it was "working as quickly as it could" to verify the two-minute-27-second clip, entitled "A Message to the Allies of America".
The video opens with a clip of Cameron describing the British strategy of working with the Iraqi government to help arm Kurdish fighters against "these brutal extremist militants," and to offer aid, diplomacy, and military help to pressure IS.
Haines then appears, dressed in an orange jumpsuit, and identifies himself before calmly explaining that he is paying the price for Cameron's policy.
The attacker -- who appears to be the same man as in the previous two beheading videos -- tells Britain the alliance with the US will "accelerate your destruction" and will drag the British people into "another bloody and unwinnable war."
In the video, IS militants have announced their next target as another British aid worker Alan Hening.
As was the case with the previous two videos of Foley and Sotloff, the executioner introduces Hening at the end of the video.
Haines's brother Mike paid tribute to a "good brother...who was recently murdered in cold blood."
"He was, in the right mood, the life and soul of the party and on other times the most stubborn irritating pain in the ass," he said in a statement.
"He was and is loved by all his family and will be missed terribly."
Scottish-born Haines, 44, was taken hostage in Syria in March 2013 and was threatened in a video released this month depicting the beheading by an IS militant of the US journalist Steven Sotloff.
IS released a video claiming the execution of fellow US journalist James Foley on August 19.
Former head of the British Army Richard Dannatt on Sunday piled pressure on Cameron to let the country's military join a planned assault against IS, announced by Obama this week.
"What we absolutely need to do is not be cowed in any way by yet another foul murder of a hostage," he told Sky News.
"We can support them (the US) to confront, attack and defeat the Islamic State jihadi fighters ... and make sure this cancer is removed from the region before it spreads more widely."
Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
Kerry drums up local support
Under pressure himself to tackle the problem,  Obama on Wednesday set out a strategy which would include air strikes in Syria and expanded operations in Iraq.
But Cameron will be wary of playing into the hands of the captors by escalating tensions and is also recovering from last year's humiliation of failing to achieve parliamentary support for air strikes against Syria's President Bashar al-Assad.
As part of efforts to build up local support for action, US Secretary of State John Kerry on Saturday sought to bolster relations with Egypt during meetings with its leaders.
Egypt's formidable army is unlikely to take part in a military coalition against IS, but the country boasts the prestigious Sunni Muslim authority Al-Azhar, which Kerry said would fight back against the Islamic State's use of the religion.
Kerry takes his push to forge a broad coalition against Islamic State jihadists to France on Sunday , on the eve of an international conference in Paris on peace and security in Iraq.
The CIA put the number of IS fighters at 20,000 to 31,500 in Iraq and Syria, up to three times the previous estimate.
US aircraft have carried out more than 160 strikes in Iraq since early August, the US Central Command said Saturday.

50-fold hike in fines for traffic rule violations soonComments
Soon, motorists caught speeding, driving drunk or jumping red lights may not get away with a light fine and a few stern words from the traffic cop.
The punishment would get harsher as the gravity of the offence increases — a Rs. 3-lakh fine and not less than seven years in jail for causing the death of a child; Rs. 5 lakh in penalty and three months in jail for a manufacturing fault in a vehicle; a Rs. 1-lakh fine for driving an unregistered vehicle.
All these and more are part of the new draft Road Transport and Safety Bill, 2014 unveiled by the road transport ministry on Saturday. The ministry has proposed hiking penalties three-to-50-fold  and other stringent action that includes suspension or cancellation of driving licence.
In the draft bill, speeding invites a fine of Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 12,500 — up from the existing Rs. 400-1,000 — and suspension of licence for up to eight weeks depending on how much you have exceeded the speed limit. For instance, the steepest fine is for going 40kmph over the speed limit.
Driving under the influence comes with a fine of Rs. 15,000 (currently Rs. 3,000) and a jail term of up to a year. But a second offence will lead to permanent loss of licence and up to two years in jail. The penalty is especially harsh for school bus drivers — Rs. 50,000 in fine and a three-year jail sentence.
Along with the fines and jail terms, drivers below 25 years stand to lose their licence for three months.
The punishment for jumping a red light is Rs. 5,000-15,000 in fine and one-month licence suspension. Similarly, you pay Rs. 5,000 for not wearing a seat belt.
India has one of the highest road fatalities in the world with 137,576 deaths reported last year. In the same period, Delhi recorded 7,566 accidents that killed 1,820 people. The bill aims to bring down such fatalities by 200,000 in the first five years and increase GDP by 4%.
Apart from the fines and imprisonment, motorists will be awarded penalty points for every traffic violation. Collecting 12 penalty points means losing your driving licence for a year.
The draft includes several new features in keeping with the times — fines for manufacturing faults, for instance, come in the wake of incidents of cars catching fire and vehicle recalls by auto firms.
“The bill, after it is cleared by cabinet, will be tabled in Parliament during the winter session. The proposed changes were long due as the last time the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 was amended was in 2001, and since then many provisions related to offences and penalty have ceased to have any punitive effect,” said a ministry official.
Our new act gives emphasis on E-governance to bring in transparency in the transport sector
— Nitin Gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) September 13, 2014
A Highway Traffic Regulation and Protection Force has been proposed while a motor accident fund would be set up to provide compulsory insurance to all road users. A pan-India road accident emergency access telephone number to alert and access emergency services is also in the works.

Infrastructure damage in J&K floods could touch Rs 6k crPress Trust of India |  Srinagar Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 10:15 AM IST
'Infrastructure damage in J&K floods could touch Rs 6k cr'
The damage is very widespread as most government facilities have been hit by the floods, said a state official
Jammu and Kashmir has suffered massive damage to its public infrastructure due to the worst floods it has faced in more than a century and officials say that the state would need at least Rs 5,000 crore to rebuild the same.
Even a conservative estimate of the damage to public infrastructure like bridges, roads, hospitals and other government buildings puts the figure at between Rs 5,000 crore to Rs 6,000 crore, Secretary to the state government's Revenue, Relief and Rehabilitation Department, Vinod Kaul, told PTI.
Kaul said that in a presentation made to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh during his visit to the state last week, the estimated damage to public infrastructure was pegged at around Rs 1,000 crore.
However, at that time, Srinagar city was still unaffected by the floods.
The damage is very widespread in the summer capital of J&K as most government facilities here have been hit by the floods, he said.
While most parts of south Kashmir -- spread over the four districts of Anantnag, Kulgam, Shopian and Pulwama -- were hit by floods in the early days of September, over 60 per cent of Srinagar city was marooned by the rampaging Jhelum on September 7.
Five major hospitals in the city -- SMHS Hospital at Kaka Sarai, Lalla Ded Hospital at Wazirbagh, SKIMS Hospital at Bemina, Bone and Joint Hospital at Barzulla and GB Pant Hospital at Sonawar -- were hit by the floods as Jhelum river breached its embankments at several places.
While there has not been much damage yet to the buildings of these hospitals, equipment worth hundreds of crores of rupees has been damaged and might need complete replacement if the water level in the city does not recede quickly.
At least 50 small and big bridges have been damaged by the floods while long stretches of several important roads have been washed away.
The above reports are of the period prior to Srinagar getting hit by the floods.
"We are yet to analyse the damage caused in the last six or seven days," Kaul said.
 Advertisements

Video shows slaying of British aid workerBSE 26816.56(-244.48)
NSE 8042.00(-63.50)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114091400047
Pti stories
AP/ PTI |  Beirut Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 08:45 AM IST
Video shows slaying of British aid worker
David Haines is the third Westerner beheaded in recent weeks by the Islamic State group, which has seized vast swaths of territory in Syria and Iraq
Islamic State extremists released a video showing the beheading of British aid worker David Haines, who was abducted in Syria last year, and British Prime Minister David Cameron has condemned his slaying as "an act of pure evil."
Cameron confirmed Haines' death in a statement late yesterday after the British Foreign Office had said earlier that it was "working urgently to verify the video."
Haines is the third Westerner beheaded in recent weeks by the Islamic State group, which has seized vast swaths of territory in Syria and Iraq.
"This is a despicable and appalling murder of an innocent aid worker. It is an act of pure evil," Cameron said, adding that "my heart goes out to the family of David Haines who have shown extraordinary courage and fortitude throughout this ordeal."
"We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes," Cameron said.
Cameron returned to his residence at 10 Downing Street shortly after midnight and is expected to chair a meeting of the government's emergency response committee early today.
The video emerged a day after Haines' family issued a public plea late Friday urging his captors to contact them.
The Foreign Office said it was offering Haines' family "every support possible. They ask to be left alone at this time."
Islamic State militants recently beheaded two American journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff, and posted the videos online after the US began launching airstrikes and humanitarian missions in August to aid waning Iraqi and Kurdish security forces in northern Iraq.
The Islamic State group has also put out videos showing the beheading of Kurdish and Lebanese soldiers and the mass shooting of dozens of captured Syrian soldiers.
At the end of the video showing the beheading of Sotloff, the Islamic State group threatened to kill Haines next and briefly showed him on camera.
 Advertisements

HDFC Bank to send debit card PINs via SMSHDFC Bank to send debit card PINs via SMS
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
As part of its ‘go-green’ initiative, HDFC Bank has started sending PIN, unique code number, for debit card holders through SMS instead of the practice of sending it by post.
It is not just environment friendly but also convenient and saves time of both customers and the bank, HDFC Bank Senior Vice President and business head (Cards Payment Products) Parag Rao said.
“With the launch of the Green PIN we offer our customers the flexibility to generate a new pin number at a time and location most convenient to them, while simultaneously giving them the opportunity to take a step to save our planet’s vital natural resources,” he said.
Green PIN is One Time Password sent to the customer’s mobile number registered with bank. Using the OTP, customer can set debit card PIN at the bank’s ATM, Rao said. Customers will get OTP within 48 hours of applying for it.
HDFC Bank has nearly 1.75 crore debit card holders and about 16.5 lakh cards on an average is issued annually by the bank.
This facility is for all states except for Jammu and Kashmir due to restrictions on bulk SMS delivery for the state, Rao said.
The green PIN is one of many ‘go green’ initiatives of HDFC Bank, he said.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

MFs equity folio count expands by over 1 lakh in AugMFs’ equity folio count expands by over 1 lakh in Aug
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
Equity mutual funds witnessed an addition of a staggering over one lakh investor accounts or folios in August, helped mainly by a sharp rise in stock market.
This also marks the third consecutive monthly rise in investor accounts.
Folios are numbers designated to individual investor accounts, though one investor can have multiple folios.
According to the Securities and Exchange Board of India data on total investor accounts with 45 fund houses, the number of equity folios rose to 2,94,41,948 at the end of August from 2,93,13,290 in the preceding month, a gain of 1,28,658.
In June, the number of equity folios stood at 2.92 crore.
The additions came at a time when the market was scaling new highs.
Since May this year, the industry has added over 2 lakh folios in equity funds. In May, the number of equity mutual fund (MF) folios stood at 2.92 crore, while it was 2.96 crore at April-end.
April saw the first rise in more than four years. Prior to that, the equity MF sector had seen a continuous decline of folios since March 2009, after the market crashed due to the global financial crisis in late 2008. Since March 2009, it has seen a decline of 1.5 crore folios.
The investor base reached its peak of 4.11 crore in March 2009, while it was 3.77 crore in March 2008.
On the rise in the folios last month, analysts said the robust market performance over the past few months renewed investor faith in the stock markets.
Besides, the industry clocked more than Rs 5,200 crore net inflows in equity funds in August, which helped the sector grow its folio count.
The moderate addition in equity folios coincided with a gain in BSE’s benchmark Sensex by around three per cent last month.
Data shows the industry has gained over 1.08 lakh folios across all scheme categories in August this year. The folio count has increased to 3,9,22,8176 last month from 3,91,19,588 in July.
However, the debt category saw a moderate drop of over 23,500 in investor accounts due to the revision in taxation of mutual funds in this segment. The total investor count in debt funds declined to 71,08,349 last month from 71,31,876 in July.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

FIIs pour in Rs 17 000 cr in 2 weeks of SeptFIIs pour in Rs 17,000 cr in 2 weeks of Sept
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
Continuing to bet on the Government’s reforms agenda, overseas investors have pumped in a whopping Rs 17,000 crore in the Indian capital market since the beginning of this month.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 6,665 crore ($1.1 billion) from September 1 to 12, while they infused a net amount of Rs 10,432 crore ($1.72 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 17,098 crore ($2.8 billion), as per the latest official data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore (USD 33 billion) into the country’s securities market. This includes a net investment of Rs 85,000 crore in equities and Rs 1.12 lakh crore into debt market.
FIIs, the main driver of the equity market, have helped push up the benchmark BSE Sensex by 1.58 per cent so far this month and is now moving above 27,000 level.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $204 billion, or Rs 9.88 lakh crore, in nearly 22 year period.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and about $44 billion in debt markets.
From June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator SEBI to create a new investor category called foreign portfolio investors.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Toyota looks to step up operations in North-EastHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Toyota looks to step up operations in North-East
PTI
Tweet
Guwahati, Sept 14:  
Japanese car giant Toyota plans to increase operations in India’s North Eastern region, where its sales have grown at double the national average of 3 per cent annually.
The company, which is present in India through a joint venture with Kirloskar group, is looking to set up an area office in the North-East considering its rising importance.
“The North-East market is currently growing by 6 per cent in our representative segment against a national growth of 3 per cent. It is expected that in the second half of the year, the North-East market will show much healthier growth,” Toyota Kirloskar Motor (TKM) Senior Vice-President and Director (Sales and Marketing), N Raja, told PTI.
The North-East market contributes 20 per cent of the total eastern market, therefore making it very significant region for TKM, he added.
Last month, TKM sold 11,215 units in India, down 6.6 per cent as compared to 12,007 units in August 2013.
With rising sales in the eight States of the North-East, the auto maker plans to strengthen its presence in the region.
“We do intend to establish an Area Office in Guwahati at the right time in future,” Raja said without giving any timeline for having the establishment.
Currently, the entire North-East market is being addressed out of the East Regional Office in Kolkata.
The company, however, has exclusive sales, service and customer relations personnel in the region.
When asked if the company planned to invest in the region for building capacity or other activities, Raja said: “...we will study the market and decide accordingly.”
Talking about sales, Raja said petrol variants of TKM models contribute to around 45 per cent of sales on an average, while diesel ones contribute to about 55 per cent.
“Innova, Etios, Liva, Cross and Fortuner have seen a very good response in the North-East region. We also have seen growing demand for premium vehicles such as the Camry and Land Cruiser,” he added.
Comparatively a new entrant in the region, TKM is selling approximately 150 cars each month in the North-East, with Assam contributing the highest at an average of 110 units a month.
Talking about its future roadmap, Raja said: “We are in the process of establishing and stabilising our network in North-East. The customers are now getting the touch and feel of world-class quality of Toyota vehicles and at the same time, the exposure to international sales and service infrastructure.”
TKM has six dealerships in the region at Guwahati, Nagaon, Silchar and Dibrugarh in Assam, Dimapur in Nagaland, and Shillong in Meghalaya.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Top 5 Sensex cos lose Rs 37k cr from market capThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Infrastructure damage in J-K floods could touch Rs 6000 crore: officialComments
Jammu and Kashmir has suffered massive damage to its public infrastructure due to the worst floods it has faced in more than a century and officials say that the state would need at least Rs. 5,000 crore to rebuild the same.
Even a conservative estimate of the damage to public infrastructure like bridges, roads, hospitals and other government buildings puts the figure at between Rs. 5,000 crore to Rs. 6,000 crore, Secretary to the state government's Revenue, Relief and Rehabilitation Department, Vinod Kaul, told PTI.
Kaul said that in a presentation made to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh during his visit to the state last week, the estimated damage to public infrastructure was pegged at around Rs. 1,000 crore.
However, at that time, Srinagar city was still unaffected by the floods.
The damage is very widespread in the summer capital of J&K as most government facilities here have been hit by the floods, he said.
Also read: Jammu and Kashmir floods in 50 pics
While most parts of south Kashmir -- spread over the four districts of Anantnag, Kulgam, Shopian and Pulwama -- were hit by floods in the early days of September, over 60 per cent of Srinagar city was marooned by the rampaging Jhelum on September 7.
Five major hospitals in the city -- SMHS Hospital at Kaka Sarai, Lalla Ded Hospital at Wazirbagh, SKIMS Hospital at Bemina, Bone and Joint Hospital at Barzulla and GB Pant Hospital at Sonawar -- were hit by the floods as Jhelum river breached its embankments at several places.
While there has not been much damage yet to the buildings of these hospitals, equipment worth hundreds of crores of rupees has been damaged and might need complete replacement if the water level in the city does not recede quickly.
At least 50 small and big bridges have been damaged by the floods while long stretches of several important roads have been washed away.
The above reports are of the period prior to Srinagar getting hit by the floods.
"We are yet to analyse the damage caused in the last six or seven days," Kaul said.

Delhi hospital sends relief to Jammu and Kashmir#sir ganga ram hospital #relief #director general of health services #manpower #jammu and kashmir floods
New Delhi: Sir Ganga Ram Hospital in Delhi has sent emergency relief supplies to flood-ravaged regions of Jammu and Kashmir to help it overcome the acute shortage of medicines and blankets.
"The director general of health services, Srinagar apprised the hospital management (Sir Ganga Ram) that most of the hospitals in the Valley have become non-functional except Ahmed hospital," Sir Ganga Ram Hospital said in a statement.
"He (director) also told that there is acute shortage of medicines, blankets and eatables in the Valley for patients," it said.
Sir Ganga Ram Hospital in Delhi has sent emergency relief supplies to Kashmir to help it overcome the shortage of medicines and blankets.
According to the requirement mentioned, the hospital has dispatched the first lot of blankets, bedsheets, injections, I.V. fluids, disposable syringes, inhalers, tablets, adhesive plaster and other items.
Besides this, the consultants and employees of the hospital have decided to contribute one day's salary for the relief efforts. If required, the hospital will also provide further relief and manpower, it said.

Over Rs 5 000 crore loss to J&K economy due to floods: Assocham#jammu and kashmir #floods #jammu and kashmir floods #assocham #economy
New Delhi: Devastating floods in Jammu and Kashmir have caused an immediate loss of Rs 5,400-5,700 crore to the state's economy, with heavy damages to trade, hotels, restaurants, horticulture and handicraft, according to initial estimates of industry body Assocham.
Jammu and Kashmir has been hit by the worst floods in over a century, throwing basic infrastructure like power, railways and communication in the state completely out of gear.
The initial estimated loss to hotels, trade, agriculture - horticulture, roads and bridges in the Jammu and Kashmir regions itself is Rs 2,630 crore. Besides, high cost infrastructure like Railways, power and communication in the hilly terrains would have suffered a loss of about Rs 2,700-3,000 crore, the industry body said.
The initial estimated loss to hotels, trade, agriculture - horticulture, roads and bridges in the Jammu and Kashmir regions itself is Rs 2,630 crore.
"These are only initial estimates of the loss. The real loss to the Jammu and Kashmir economy will be much higher since the impact of such calamities is long-drawn and it takes long time before the physical infrastructure is restored. The biggest worry is the shattering of confidence among the tourists and it will take long time and effort to win back the tourists to the state," said Assocham Secretary General DS Rawat.
Rawat cited the example of Uttarakhand which also witnessed unprecedented floods in 2013, saying it was yet to recover from the shocks.
"J&K's economy stood at Rs 45,399 crore in 2013-14. The sectoral composition of state GDP indicates that agri & allied activities account for 20 per cent in the state GDP, industry and mining contribute to about 23.5 per cent and the services sector made up the remaining 56.5 per cent. Trade, hotels and restaurant services registered a turnover of close to Rs 3,800 crore during 2013-2014. The tourism industry sources of J&K state roughly distribute the tourists among Jammu, Kashmir and Ladakh region in the ratio of 40:40:20," according to Assocham.
"The September-November season tourist inflow both from India and abroad is severely affected as is being witnessed by large scale cancellations. While cancellations for airlines, hotels are 100 per cent upto October 15, those who had booked for winters are watching the situation," feedback from the industry chamber's travel constituents indicated.

Banco Esprito Santo rescue team quitsSeptember 13, 2014 6:03 pm
Banco Espírito Santo rescue team heading Novo Banco quits
By Peter Wise in Lisbon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/24b56a24-3b67-11e4-84b4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Net FDI inflows on track to top USD 30 billion this fiscal: NomuraApple Inc sees record demand for iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus
Apple Inc said it had received record pre-orders for its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models...

Net FDI inflows on track to top $30 bn: NomuraET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Foreign direct investment inflows to India are expected to gain further momentum and net FDI inflows to the country could cross USD 30 billion mark this fiscal year driven by improved investor sentiment, a Nomura report says.
According to the Japanese brokerage firm, net FDI inflows is on track to top USD 30 billion and this would reduce India's external sector vulnerability.
Net FDI into India rose sharply to USD 11.5 billion in the first four months of FY15 (April-July) from USD 8.4 billion over the same period in FY14, the report said.
"Based on the current run rate, we estimate that net FDI inflows could rise above USD 30 billion in FY15 (amounting to 1.4 per cent of GDP)," Nomura said in a research note.
Citing the various factors that are likely to boost FDI inflows, Nomura said: "investor sentiment has improved, domestic confidence has revived, growth is on a recovery path and the government is focused on improving the ease of doing business."
Sectorwise, telecom , pharma and financial and business services were the largest recipients over the first three months of this fiscal year.
"In our view, the large inflow in July could be partly due to fund-raising in the e-commerce sector," it added.
According to official data, FDI flows to India surged by about 34 per cent to USD 1.92 billion in June.
During April-June in this fiscal, the foreign inflows recorded a growth of 34 per cent. FDI was at USD 7.23 billion in April-June, 2014-15 compared to USD 5.39 billion in April- June 2013-14, as per the data by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion.
In 2013-14, FDI inflows in India were USD 24.29 billion against USD 22.42 billion in 2012-13.
The government is taking more steps to boost FDI in the country. It has raised the foreign investment limit to 49 per cent in defence manufacturing and relaxed the policy in construction sector. The government has also proposed to increase the FDI cap in insurance to 49 per cent.

Cos rejecting job applicants on social medi...CareerBuilder India
(Social media has emerged…)
NEW DELHI: Social media has emerged as a major background-check tool for employers and nearly 68 per cent of them decide against hiring a person after finding negative details about the candidates, a survey has found.
According to a survey by job site CareerBuilder India , as many as 59 per cent employers are currently using social media to research on job candidates, while another 33 per cent are planning to access the platform soon.
Interestingly, the survey said that 68 per cent employers who research job candidates on social media have found 'content' that caused them not to hire the individual.
The findings of the survey are based on responses by top 1,200 corporates in the country.
Moreover, about 75 per cent of employers were observed to be also using search engines such as Google to research potential job candidates, the survey has found.
The most common reasons for employers to reject a job aspirant were that the candidate lied about his qualifications (50 per cent), had poor communications skills (50 per cent), posted provocative or inappropriate photographs or information (47 per cent), shared confidential information of previous employer (42 per cent).
Other reasons were that the applicants had posted details about their drinking or drug habits (38 per cent), were linked to criminal behaviour (35 per cent) and had bad-mouthed their previous company or fellow employees (32 per cent).
"It's vital for job seekers to remember that much of what they post to the Internet - and equally importantly, what others post about them - can be found by prospective employers, and that can affect their chances of getting hired down the road," CareerBuilder Human Resources Vice President Rosemary Haefner said.
"Job seekers need to stay vigilant, and pay attention to privacy updates from all of their social networking accounts so they know what information is available for others to see," Haefner added.
Meanwhile, many employers surveyed said they are likely to hire the candidate if they find on social media platform that the individual's background supported their professional qualifications, their personality was clearly a good fit within the company culture, had great communication skills, is creative and has wide range of interests, among others.
FEATURED ARTICLES

General insurance wage talks tomorrow; many ready to join NPSPress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 11:20 AM IST
General insurance wage talks tomorrow, many ready to join NPS
Ahead of the second round of wage negotiations beginning tomorrow in New Delhi, state-owned general insurers have written to the government expressing the readiness of a section of their employees to join the new pension scheme which they had rejected twice in the past.  "We have written to the government on the NPS issue, and sought its approval," New India Assurance Chairman-cum Managing Director G Srinivasan, who is also the Chairman of the General Insurance (Public Sector) Association (GIPSA
Ahead of the second round of wage negotiations beginning tomorrow in New Delhi, state-owned general insurers have written to the government expressing the readiness of a section of their employees to join the new pension scheme which they had rejected twice in the past.
"We have written to the government on the NPS issue, and sought its approval," New India Assurance Chairman-cum Managing Director G Srinivasan, who is also the Chairman of the General Insurance (Public Sector) Association (GIPSA), which is holding the wage talks, told PTI.
The four public sector non-life insurers have around 70,000 employees, of which around 50,000 had already moved on to the New Pension Scheme (NPS).
Around 20,000 employees, working at the four state-owned general insurance firms, will be benefited in case the third option of pension is offered to them as they did not opt for it when the second pension scheme was offered to them falling in line with the banking industry in 2008, he said.
The Monday's wage negotiations will be the second round on the issue, as the first round had already taken place earlier during the year.
All the heads of the four state-owned general insurance companies are likely to attend the meeting which will be held by the GIPSA.
The unions are seeking a hefty 40% hike in net salary and if allowed it will benefit 70,000 employees.
"Majority employees of PSU general insurance firms had not opted for it when the option for pension was offered to them for two times in past as the interest rate on deposit was comparatively high with the banks those days," Bharatiya Veema Karamachari Sena (BVKS) general secretary Prasad Samant said.
"In fact, when the new pension option was offered to us for the second time, we were not given enough time to give our consent and hence a majority of us opted out and hence we want it now," BVKS working president Amrish Sinha said.
 Advertisements

TRW  Federal-Mogul deal will have no impact on our business: Rane groupautomobile
The proposed deal between two US auto parts majors TRW Automotive and Federal-Mogul is unlikely to have any impact on the business relationship of the former with the Chennai-based leading auto component house Rane Group.
A few days ago, TRW Automotive, a strong player in car safety products, announced that it would sell its engine valve business to Federal-Mogul for a sum of $385 million. TRW has a joint venture and an equity investment in Rane group firms.
Rane group said it had a pact with TRW for engine valves earlier, but not now. “We do not have a JV with TRW for engine valves. We only had a licence arrangement and that also expired several years ago. So, it will have no impact on Rane Engine Valves Ltd. (REVL) or Kar Mobiles Ltd. TRW holds about four per cent in REVL but it just a shareholding like any other shareholder,” Harish Lakshman, Director, Rane Holdings Ltd., holding company of the Rane Group, said.
However Rane Group and TRW have an ongoing 50:50 joint venture, Rane TRW Systems Ltd., for making steering systems, safety belts and airbags.
The JV sees emerging growth opportunities in the safety products such as car airbags. Car airbags were imported in the past in India. The JV has set up an airbag manufacturing near Chennai with a capacity to make about 3 lakh per annum with a hope that the demand for airbags may surge in India in the coming years.
“We have very good relationship with TRW. Safety systems like airbags will grow significantly in the future,” said Mr Lakshman, who is also the Managing Director of Rane TRW.
While airbag business has been identified as a significant part of JV, both the partners are now working to re-align the business focus of the JV in tune with the changing demand pattern in the market place.
They are evaluating potential future growth areas.

Instead of youth  VCs now catching startups at birthFearful of missing the bus, venture capitalists are now catching startups at birth
Madhav Chanchani, ET Bureau Sep 13, 2014, 11.04AM IST
Tags:
Abhijit Khasnis
(Venture capitalists are…)
BANGALORE: Venture capitalists in India are realising that it is better to be an early bird than a late latif when it comes to investing in startups, especially in hot sectors where valuations soar quickly. This is pushing them to take on riskier but smaller bets in earlystage funding rounds of startups as they are apprehensive of missing the bus if they enter later.
Take the case of Manjunath Talwar and Abhijit Khasnis, former Yahoo executives and co-founders of recruitment startup Mynoticeperiod. com, who were close to finalising their first round of funding in July. But instead of closing the round from only a large group of angels, a VC firm approached them with similar terms. Typically, VCs invest in a series-A or B round, not a seed funding round for an eight-month-old startup. The duo decided to keep only select few angel investors in the over-Rs 2 crore funding led by IDG Ventures India that was announced last week.
"VCs have a longer term outlook and deeper pockets to participate in future rounds. It also helped bring in angel investors more quickly, as it makes them comfortable," said 38-year-old Talwar.
The deal highlights the rising interest of VCs in relatively riskier seed deals. IDG Ventures has set up a seed programme, where it will look to make six-seven investments of up to Rs 3 crore in the next 12-18 months. And IDG Ventures is not alone. VC firms such as SAIF Partners and Matrix Partners India have also been actively investing in seed stage over the past 12-18 months. Other VC firms like Helion Ventures, Mayfield and Lightspeed are also looking at such deals.
IDG Ventures' first seed investment was mobile ad retargeting platform Silver-Push in April. "This is a well-defined strategy for us. We will make investment in the initial cycle of our new fund as seed stage investments may take time to mature," said Venkatesh Peddi, vice-president at IDG Ventures. Bejul Somaia, MD at Lightspeed Venture Partners India which has closed three seed deals in the past nine months, said there is increased activity around Internet and mobile. "Another reason is that valuations tend to get high for later stage rounds," said Somaia.
Mayfield, which recently led a seed investment in video interview platform Talview, is also actively eyeing more deals at the stage. The firm recently hired Sweta Aggarwal as venture advisor from Indian Angel Network (IAN) to work on earlystage deals.
 
"Younger entrepreneurs are building companies to sell as compared with family-funded businesses which are built for legacy. They are building companies and products that are smarter, better and cheaper," said Mayfield Managing Director Nikhil Khattau.
Other VCs such as Helion Venture Partners are also looking at the space much more actively.
"We evaluate approximately 80-100 companies each year under serious consideration, which we call priority companies. Earlier 10 per cent of that was from seed, but now that has changed to at least 30-40 per cent of this deal flow," said Ritesh Banglani, partner at Helion, which has $600 million (Rs 3,600 crore) under management.
Experts feel that startups, especially in consumer Internet and mobile, are scaling up much faster and there is increasing competition for deals as well. "A lot of the companies are moving very fast from seed stage to series-A/B and the idea is to identify and get in early in those companies," said Peddi of IDG Ventures.
While earlier participation in seed deals was limited due to management bandwidth at VC firms, entrepreneurs come with better pedigree in company building. Also, mentoring is widely available.
SAIF Partners and Sequoia are roping in angels as mentors while others such as IDG Ventures and Lightspeed are taking board seats and becoming more actively involved with a relatively smaller seed portfolio.
This has meant that VCs now compete directly with angels for certain deals.
"The boundary between an angel investor and venture capital firm is shrinking. At IAN we are doing $1 million (Rs 6 crore) cheques, and angels are also sometimes losing out to VCs in deals," said Sanjay Mehta, a Mumbai-based investor who has backed 23 startups, including online lingerie store PrettySecrets.
But even as more VCs get active in the space, entrepreneurs should be aware of "signalling risk" where startups' ability to raise series-A gets impaired if existing VC decides not to participate in the future round.
Lightspeed's Somaia said while some investors can look at seed investments as an option to participate in series A round, for a startup it can be hurtful. "We have an open dialogue with the entrepreneur that to fund in series A, these will be the expectations that you need to meet," he said.
Helion's Banglani said it's a risk that entrepreneurs need to take, "but benefits of raising seed from an institutional investor outweigh the risks".
Also, entrepreneurs need to be cautious of the capital they take at the seed stage. An angel investor, on condition of anonymity, said while VCs may offer more cash and relatively better valuations, startups should carefully consider large dilutions that may happen with these rounds.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IESA and TiE to collaborate to support startups for a connected worldYou are here: Home > Collections
IESA and TiE to collaborate to support startups developing products for a connected world
Krithika Krishnamurthy, ET Bureau Sep 13, 2014, 02.19AM IST
Tags:
entreprenuers
(The internet-of-things…)
BANGALORE: To keep the momentum going in the Internet-of-Things space, the Bangalore chapter of The Indus Entreprenuers (TiE) and electronics trade body IESA have come together to mentor startups in addition to building critical frameworks in the field.
The internet-of-things domain, where all devices are connected and talk to one another, is a confluence of hardware , software and other new technologies like 3D printing. And for Indian entrepreneurs interested in the space, large pieces of the puzzle, like manufacturing , and communication standards are still missing.
"This will not be a MoU just on paper. In six months, you will see a lot of results,"said M N Vidyashankar, president of India Electronics & Semiconductor Association.
The trade body said it would leverage its network of 230 member companies to mentor startups, help with design, and provide them with go-to market strategy.
India's nascent IoT scene is slowly becoming organized. A few months ago, the IoTBlr chapter, which was essentially a group of enthusiasts, collaborated with TiE to form a special interest group.
Now, the involvement of IESA takes the IoT story from an idea to a prototype stage, quite literally.
"The industry is fragmented and lots of problems exist. We are trying to solve one at a time," said Arvind Tiwary, who heads TiE's IoT group.
The two entities said they would work towards bringing protocols allowing diverse devices to talk to one another, provide testing facilities to ensure that the products are robust, among other things.
TiE said it has already identified 3-5 startups, and would work closely with them to get investors.
"We are looking to support 30-50 startups and generate some success stories along the way," said Naganand Doraswamy, president, TiE-Bangalore who added that the focus areas will be energy management, public health, and logistics.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Online travel firm MakeMyTrip launches $15 million fund for startupsOnline travel firm MakeMyTrip launches $15 million fund for startups
Harsimran Julka, ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Tags:
Cisco Systems Intel Google
(MakeMyTrip follows footsteps…)
NEW DELHI: MakeMyTrip, the Gurgaon-based online travel firm, has established a $15-million (Rs 90-crore) innovation fund to invest in startups working on travel-related technology.
With this move, the Nasdaqlisted MakeMyTrip follows the footsteps of a handful of digital companies in India such as InfoEdge, One97, Times Internet and Smile Group, which invest in startups related to strategic businesses.
"The MakeMyTrip board in its last meeting has given a goahead to create a fund of $15 million to invest in young ventures in the travel technology space. The fund will be created out of 10 per cent of cash assets on our balance sheet," said Rajesh Magow, co-founder and chief executive (India) at MakeMyTrip.
The fund, which plans to make investments globally, will have an investment committee comprising MakeMy-Trip's three co-founders — Magow, Deep Kalra and Keyur Joshi — besides three other directors.
"We will look at investing in Series A kind of investments in startups. Areas such as mobility, holidays, taxi aggregation and niche travel are some areas we are excited about," said Magow, who is also an independent director on the board of Flipkart, India's largest online retailer. Series A, or early-stage, investments typically range from Rs 4-10 crore in India.
Entrepreneurs in the travel space welcome such a fund. "An investment fund just for travel domain will encourage entrepreneurs trying to build niche companies in this sector," said Deepak Wadhwa , CEO of WeAreHolidays , which sells online packages worth $1 million a month. "If such a fund had existed two years ago, it would have made our life easier," said Wadhwa, an ex-MakeMy-Trip employee who recently raised investments from Matrix Partners for his startup.
Travel bookings in India are expected to gross $28 billion by the end of 2015, about 40 per cent of which are done online.
Globally, companies such as Cisco Systems, Intel , Google and Microsoft have all established separate venture funds out of their balance sheets, to invest in young ventures, which operate in an area strategic to the interests of these companies. MakeMyTrip plans to replenish the fund from its cash assets whenever the need arises. The MakeMy-Trip Innovation Fund will not invest in large deals.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Conditions at Tata Steel Plant Blamed for Dengue Cases in OdishaYou are here: Home Corporates
Conditions at Tata Steel Plant Blamed for Hundreds of Dengue Cases in Odisha
Reuters | Updated On: September 13, 2014 12:20 (IST)
J&K Floods: LIC Eases Claim Settlement Rules
Bhubaneswar: Stagnant water pools and unsanitary conditions in a plant being constructed by Tata Steel Ltd in Odisha led to a dengue fever outbreak which infected more than 280 workers, killing one of them, a government official said on Friday.
Tata Steel, a unit of India's Tata conglomerate, is building a six-million-tonne-capacity plant in Jajpur district that is due to be completed by 2015.
Jajpur district's chief health official said the environment within the 1,700-acre building site was unclean, creating a breeding ground for mosquitoes which spread the virus.
"One death and 284 cases are linked to the Tata plant," Debendra Kumar Jena told the Thomson Reuters Foundation, adding that the outbreak began in July.
Dengue is common in India and cases generally peak in October, a peak time for mosquitoes to breed after the end of the monsoon rains.
The virus, which occurs mainly in the tropics, causes symptoms such as fever, severe headache, joint and muscular pains, vomiting and rashes.
Tata Steel said in a statement it had dispatched 19 teams to clean up the site and raise awareness among employees about how to protect themselves from dengue, malaria and other mosquito-borne diseases.
"Dengue is a problem at this time of the year. There are 40,000 people working on the Kalinga Nagar site. I am sorry to hear some people have contracted dengue. We are doing all that required from our side," T.V. Narendran, managing director of Tata Steel India, told local television.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Firefighters Believe SoCal Blaze Began in Backyardfirefighters believe socal blaze began in backyard
RBI may issue final norms on small  payments banks in 2-3 monthsRBI may issue final norms on small, payments banks in 2-3 months
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
The Reserve Bank is likely to issue final guidelines on small and payments banks within two-three months, paving the way for corporates to enter these two segments.
The final guidelines on small and payments banks are expected in the next two-three months, sources said.
Draft guidelines for small and payments banks were issued by the RBI in July and comments were invited till August 28.
It is examining the suggestions received and is in the process of finalising the norms for such banks, sources said.
The final norms will allow micro finance institutions, telecom players, non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) and public sector companies eligible to apply for bank licences once RBI invites applications for the same.
The proposed small banks will provide a whole suite of basic banking products such as deposits and supply of credit, but in a limited area of operation.
On the other hand, payments banks will offer a limited range of products such as acceptance of demand deposits and remittances of funds. They will have a widespread network of access points particularly in remote areas, either through their own branch network or through Business Correspondents (BCs) or through networks provided by others.
“Both payments banks and small banks are ‘niche’ or ‘differentiated’ banks, with the common objective of furthering financial inclusion,” the RBI had said while issuing the draft guidelines for licensing these banks.
Small banks can collect deposits and disburse small-ticket loans to farmers and small and medium businesses, the unorganised sector through high technology, low-cost operations, according to the draft norms.
Payment banks will cater to marginalised sections of society, including migrant labourers, for collecting deposits and remitting funds. They would, however, not be allowed to indulge in lending operations.
Such banks can be set up with a minimum capital of Rs 100 crore as against Rs 500 crore required for normal commercial banks, according to the draft norms.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Employees generate ideas worth $500 mn  says HCL TechEmployees generate ideas worth $500 mn, says HCL Tech
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
India’s fourth largest IT firm HCL Technologies is now focussing on “ideapreneurship” to encourage employees to come up with innovative solutions to customers’ business challenges.
Under the initiative, the Noida-based firm has generated over 32,000 innovative ideas since 2008 to deliver approximately $500 million of value to customers.
“It is a platform where our employees can share, collaborate and shape ideas in a structured manner to deliver value to our customers. It is at the heart of grassroots’ ideas led revolution we are experiencing,” HCL Technologies Chief Human Resources Officer Prithvi Shergill told PTI.
This culture is a key enabler of the company’s strategy, he added.
“In a growth-constrained, post-recession world where many traditional sources of advantage are not as relevant, the best investment to succeed is the power of ideas,” he said.
In 2005, HCL Technologies had introduced a new management model — Employees First, Customers Second (EFCS) — aimed at making managers as accountable to employees as employees were to their bosses and transfer responsibility for change and value creation to front-line employees.
HCL acknowledges that putting the Employee First and engaging and empowering remains vital in today’s environment, Shergill added.
“The ideas we see emerging could be something that helps solve a business problem, brings in a new way of doing business, or helps create competitive differentiation, it can be anything that adds value to the client,” he said.
Shergill added that by channelising the energies of 95,000 employees, innovation is happening across teams.
“By giving them the right tools, and creating the right environment, HCL is enabling employees to collaborate, communicate and create value freely across teams and across boundaries,” Shergill said.
He said the EFCS management model continues to attract the attention of academics (with Harvard Business School doing a case study) as well as analysts who continue to highlight the customer benefits emerging given the adoption of the tenets of this model.
“HCL is working with Cornell University to further enhance the yield of the ideas as they see this delivering to the promise they make to client of building ‘relationships beyond the contract’,” he said.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Nomura: Net FDI inflows on track to top $30 bn this fiscalNomura: Net FDI inflows on track to top $30 bn this fiscal
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
Foreign direct investment inflows to India are expected to gain further momentum and net FDI inflows to the country could cross the $30-billion mark this fiscal year driven by improved investor sentiment, a Nomura report says.
According to the Japanese brokerage firm, net FDI inflows are on track to top $30 billion and this would reduce India’s external sector vulnerability.
Net FDI into India rose sharply to $11.5 billion in the first four months of FY15 (April-July) from $8.4 billion over the same period in FY14, the report said.
“Based on the current run rate, we estimate that net FDI inflows could rise above $30 billion in FY15 (amounting to 1.4 per cent of GDP),” Nomura said in a research note.
Citing the various factors that are likely to boost FDI inflows, Nomura said: “Investor sentiment has improved, domestic confidence has revived, growth is on a recovery path and the Government is focused on improving the ease of doing business.”
Sector-wise, telecom, pharma and financial and business services were the largest recipients over the first three months of this fiscal year.
“In our view, the large inflow in July could be partly due to fund-raising in the e-commerce sector,” it added.
According to official data, FDI flows to India surged by about 34 per cent to $1.92 billion in June.
During April-June in this fiscal, foreign inflows recorded a growth of 34 per cent. FDI was at $7.23 billion in April-June 2014-15 compared to $5.39 billion in April-June 2013-14, according to data from the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion.
In 2013-14, FDI inflows in India were $24.29 billion against $22.42 billion in 2012-13.
The Government is taking more steps to boost FDI in the country. It has raised the foreign investment limit to 49 per cent in defence manufacturing and relaxed the policy in construction sector. The Government has also proposed to increase the FDI cap in insurance to 49 per cent.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Indian auto industry can touch $300 bn mark by 2026Press Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 11:00 AM IST
Indian auto industry can touch $300 bn mark by 2026
Revenues of the Indian auto industry can rise 5-fold to hit the $300 billion mark
Revenues of the Indian auto industry can rise 5-fold to hit the $300 billion mark, and volumes can log in over 3-fold increase to around 76 million units by 2026, according to a report.
As per the Vision 2026, prepared by ICRA Management Consulting Services (IMaCS) as an input for the Automotive Mission Plan (AMP) 2026, passenger vehicle sales will grow to 13.4 million units per annum from 3.1 million in FY14.
It said commercial vehicle sales will rise to 3.9 million units from 0.7 million in FY14; of two-wheelers, to 55.5 million units from 16.9 million, and of three wheelers to 3 million units from 0.8 million units.
It is estimated that the Indian auto industry will grow to 75.8 million units by FY 2026 as compared to 21.5 million units in FY14.
"Vision 2026 will enable the Indian auto industry to contribute around 13% to GDP, generation of additional 100 million jobs and attract more than $80 billion in investments," it said.
According to it, vehicle export revenues are expected to touch $40 billion by 2026 from $8 billion in FY14, while the component exports are expected to rise to $74 billion over $10 billion in FY14.
As per the document, over the next 10 years there will be a shift in global trend with 75% of incremental demand expected to come from BRICS and emerging economies.
It also expects the proportions of A and B segments (compact cars) to rise sharply in the next decade. It further anticipates India to be among the top three automotive markets in the world.
The document also lists various factors like creation of infrastructure, human resources and incentivisation as the enablers to achieve the targets under the Vision 2026 plan.
Further, the implementation of GST, ban on overloading in commercial vehicles and urban planning are some of the factors which would help the Indian auto industry grow in the next 10 years, it added.
The AMP 2026 is under formulation but the economic slowdown in the last three years that resulted in a demand slump is expected to force the Indian auto industry to miss by up to 25% of the targets set in AMP 2016.
The auto industry had set an ambitious target under the AMP 2006-2016 to take its annual turnover to $145 billion with special emphasis on export of small cars, MUVs, two and three wheelers and auto components.
AMP 2006-2016, announced in 2006, had set a goal for India to become the "destination of choice in the world for the design and manufacture of automobiles and auto components with output reaching a level of $145 billion accounting for more than 10% of GDP and providing additional employment to 25 million people by 2016".
 Advertisements

Jammu and Kashmir floods: Infrastructure damage could touch worth Rs 6K croreSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Chandrababu Naidu writes to Narendra Modi  supports gas price poolingSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

EPFO for specialised corporate offices for l...You are here: Home > Collections
EPFO to set up specialised corporate offices for large firms
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 12.07PM IST
Tags:
EPFO
(Retirement fund body EPFO…)
NEW DELHI: Retirement fund body EPFO has decided to create paper less specialised corporate offices (SCO), which would provide prompt services to large firms and their employees.
The first such SCO will be set at Employees' Provident Fund Organisation's (EPFO) at Bandra office in Mumbai . The SCO at Bandra will be made operational from November 1.
"It has been decided to create a SCO. The SCO shall be created as a specialised offices by carving out from existing large offices to cater to large establishments. This aimed at creating exemplary offices with high efficiency levels and prompt delivery of benefits..the offices shall work on the concept of paperless office," an EPFO office order said.
According to the order, these SCOs will be located in the regional office premises. EPFO has over 120 field offices across the country.
The order stated that the civil structure of the SCOs shall be such that it creates a brand value. These SCOs would be run with a dedicated work force that would function at high levels of efficiency.
The purpose for creation of SCO is to provide exemplary and quick service to a large chunk of EPFO subscribers employed in few selected firms.
The firms to be covered by the SCOs would be selected by a team of officers consisting of Regional Provident Fund Commissioner-I, Regional PF Commissioner (F&A) and Regional Provident Fund Commissioner (Administration).
As an incentive, the SCO shall have special allocation of budget towards honorarium, hiring of adequate number of vehicles, stationary, computer peripherals, outsourcing of support staff, upkeep and maintenance of office and likes.
However as per the order, the recovery and compliance function for the establishment shall continue to remain with the EPFO office of which the SCO remains a part.
The order says that the regional provident fund commissioner of the region, however, may transfer compliance and recovery functions if the the intent of the creation of SCO is not served in want of such function.
EPFO has over five crore subscribers. It manges around Rs six lakh crore corpus and receives incremental deposits of over Rs 70,000 crore per annum.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Blackmoney: SIT empowers Enforcement Directorate to check huge forex violationsSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

World Bank keen to fund two new mega Metro projects  says Mumbai s MMRDABSE 26816.56(-244.48)
NSE 8042.00(-63.50)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114091400122
Pti stories
Press Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 11:10 AM IST
World Bank keen to fund two new mega Metro projects, says MMRDA
Charkop-Dahisar and Wadala-Teen Hath Naka are the proposed Metro projects
With the Japanese government taking a lead in funding the megapolis' many signature infrastructure projects, the World Bank has evinced interest in funding the proposed Charkop-Dahisar and Wadala-Teen Hath Naka Metro projects.
The Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has already committed to fund the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority's (MMRDA) two ambitious projects-- the just announced Rs 23,136-crore Colaba-Seepz Metro and the 22 km Rs 9,630-crore Mumbai Trans Harbour Link (MTHL), which still remains on paper.
"The MMRDA is undertaking large infrastructure projects which require huge investments. Recently, the JICA has committed to funding two major projects in the city and it has also shown interest in funding some more projects as well.
"At the same time, the World Bank has also expressed interest in funding two other proposed metro projects which we will be soon taking up," MMRDA additional metropolitan commissioner Sanjay Sethi told PTI here.
The World Bank had earlier funded two phases of Mumbai Urban Transport Projects implemented by the authority. While phase I involved Santacruz-Chembur and Jogeshwari-Vikhroli link roads, phase II was to strengthen the suburban railway networks and improving its operational efficiency.
The state government recently merged the stalled Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd Metro line with the proposed Dahisar-Charkop corridor by converting the entire line underground instead of the originally planned elevated line.
The proposed 40.2-km Dahisar-Bandra-Mankhurd Metro line is estimated to cost Rs 28,900 crore with all the 37 stations underground.
The cost of 32-km Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd corridor was originally pegged at Rs 7,660 crore, while the 7.8-km Charkop-Dahisar corridor was estimated to cost Rs 4,680 crore.
The state has also cleared a 30.8-km-long metro link connecting Wadala on the easter fringe to Teen Hath Naka on the northwestern fringe that will have 31 stations. The link will have 10 underground stations while the rest will be on elevated line.
 Advertisements

IPO Market Hots Up After Stellar Show by Snowman LogisticsYou are here: Home Market
IPO Market Hots Up After Stellar Show by Snowman Logistics
NDTV | Updated On: September 12, 2014 17:12 (IST)
Gold, Silver Rebound on Global Cues
The success of Snowman Logistics' public offer has brought back the focus on primary markets. A robust primary market helps companies to raise low-cost money but also gives an opportunity to investors to make good returns.
Investors were allotted shares of Snowman Logistics, an integrated logistics player, at Rs 47 apiece in the public offer and on its market debut, the stock rose to Rs 78, giving a phenomenal one-day return of 70 per cent. (Read more: Snowman Logistics Shares Soar 70% on Market Debut )
Last month, the issue was oversubscribed nearly 60 times and even the quota of retail investors got subscribed 41 times indicating that small investors have started coming back to stock markets.
And why not! India's bluechip indices - the Sensex and Nifty- have gained nearly 30 per cent year-to-date on the back robust foreign flows, which have totaled $14 billion so far in 2014. Gold prices are on the decline and as the economic growth rebounds, risk appetite will increase, helping stocks.
This is clearly visible in the primary markets, where interest seems to be coming back in a big way. Sharda Cropchem, which launched its initial public offering (IPO) earlier this month, got oversubscribed around 60 times by September 9, when the issue closed. In the retail segment, the IPO was subscribed 6 times. In April, amusement park operator Wonderla Holidays' IPO was oversubscribed 38 times.
September will be a big month for IPOs. Media firm Shemaroo Entertainment plans to raise about Rs 150 crore, while apparel retailer Monte Carlo Fashion's Rs 500-crore IPO is also likely to hit the market during the month. If these two IPOs manage to trigger investor appetite then September will probably be the best month for the IPO market since December 2012 in terms of the number of offerings. Companies like Lavasa Corporation and Adlabs Entertainment have also sought regulatory approval to launch their IPOs in the near future.
Even corporates have hit markets in a big way to raise capital. Indian companies have raised near Rs 50,000 crore in equity, predominately through QIPs and block trades, over the last few months. On an average, a little over Rs 6,000 crore has been mobilised every month through equity issuances in listed companies, according to analysts' estimates.
The government, too, wants to make the most of a bullish market. Earlier this week, it approved a share sale of over Rs 40,000 crore. (Read more: Cabinet Clears Stake Sale in ONGC, Coal India, NHPC )
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 17:12 (IST)

Lupin in Deal to Market US Firm Salix s Drugs in CanadaJ&K Floods: LIC Eases Claim Settlement Rules
Mumbai: Lupin Ltd, India's fourth-largest drug maker by sales, said it entered into an exclusive deal to market some of US firm Salix Pharmaceuticals Inc's products in Canada to expand its footprint in that region.
Salix will get an upfront payment from Lupin, and is entitled to additional payments contingent on meeting some sales milestones, the Mumbai-based company said in a statement.
Lupin, whose largest market is the United States, has the option to sell other gastroenterology products in Salix's pipeline after approval by Canadian regulators.
The deal includes Salix's Relistor injection for the treatment of opioid-induced constipation, and Zaxine for use in adults to help reduce risk of recurrence of overt hepatic encephalopathy - a disorder that causes worsening of brain function.
Lupin shares closed 3 per cent higher at Rs 1,359, while the Nifty ended up 0.24 per cent.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Music entrepreneurs make folk sexy; help artists earn livelihoodMusic entrepreneurs make folk sexy; Help artists earn recognition, livelihood
By Pankaj Molekhi , ET Bureau | 13 Sep, 2014, 04.27AM IST
0
Share More
Chattopadhyay & Bhatia are two passion-driven music entrepreneurs who are helping some hidden folk music talent in the country find livelihood. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
On a busy workday, Subroto Chattopadhyay's job profile will look like an MTV programme—following leads for folk music artists in the Punjab heartland, watch them perform and send them to a bigger audition before trained musicians, then take the best of the lot for a live performance at his office, The Peninsula Studios.
Divya Bhatia, director of Jodhpur RIFF (Rajasthan International Folk Festival), has an equally impressive schedule ahead of him, with this year's festival less than a month away. Chattopadhyay and Bhatia are two of a select list of passion-driven music entrepreneurs whose sole focus is on generating and promoting quality musical content and, more importantly, helping some hidden folk music talent in the country find livelihood. "You are not here to make money. We create and curate the content, money can wait," says Chattopadhyay, chairman and co-founder of Peninsula Studios that seeks to revive forgotten musical heritage of the Peninsula. "At present I can call it a not-for-loss venture."
While Peninsula Studios and Jodhpur RIFF haven't started generating a lot of money, their promoters and partners—corporate entities or music lovers—stand rock solid behind. The Peninsula Studios has partnered with Nokia Music Theatre for four seasons. Music channel MTV is scheduled to feature their ongoing Punjab effort as a three-episode serial for broadcast in October.
But, what is there for their sponsors? "This can be part of their CSR activity or a branding exercise. In case of Nokia, it works well because of their tagline 'connecting people'. But we are working to a point where folk is cool, folk is sexy," says Chattopadhyay, who has given the marketing rights of his studio to Universal Music , the world's largest music corporation.
Devraj Sanyal, South Asia managing director at Universal Music, is upbeat about its deal with the Peninsula Studios. "I can tell you with utmost confidence that this kind of structures emanate from great music first and everything else later," he says. "Coke Studio is a brilliant example as well. Apart from serving as a phenomenal branding opportunity it creates some incredible music and the programming that it has yield these past few years is top notch."
Times Music's COO Mandar Thakur wouldn't like to define these individuals as music entrepreneurs alone. "These individuals and enterprises are explorers of our traditions," says Mandar. "True, we have provided them with a larger platform and digital, logistical support, but they have generated timeless content." Times Music often sources content from smaller music studios from Himachal, West Bengal, Delhi and Mumbai.
Anil Chauhan of Himachal-based Jai Bala music, who has released several devotional folk albums with Times Music label, says he brought to fore more than 50 singers from Himachal and Punjab heartland. "Talent to hai par inko support ki jaroorat hai, bhaiyya ji (they have talent but require support)," says the humble collaborator.
Rajat Kakar, business head of Sony Digital Audio Disc Corporation home entertainment, seconds the view that such initiatives play a "key role in popularising the oft-forgotten music heritage" and are here to stay with their popularity on the rise. He says non-film music cannot overtake Bollywood or film music given the latter's large promotion budgets, "but the two will coexist alongside as youngsters take up more and more of non-film as an expression of their views". "And as smartphones put music in everybody's pocket they could be a game changer," Kakar adds. A recent study by global mobile operators industry body GSMA said India is the fourth largest smartphone market in the world with 111 million connections in the second quarter of 2014. That is a sizeable chunk.
Page 1 of 2

Scotland polls put  No  camp ahead as Salmond hits outYou are here: Home > Collections
Scotland polls put 'No' camp ahead as Salmond hits out
AFP Sep 13, 2014, 09.34AM IST
GLASGOW: Five days ahead of Scotland's independence referendum the race remained too close to call Saturday, with the misgivings of business leaders over the prospect of quitting the United Kingdom becoming louder.
Opinion polls on Friday gave campaigners for Scotland to stay in Britain a slight lead as the leaders of both camps trade increasingly bitter rhetoric.
Scotland's First Minister Alex Salmond, leader of the pro-independence movement, was on a whistlestop tour of four cities as he battles to win enough support to end the union between Scotland and England, which dates back to 1707.
"Scotland stands on the cusp of history," he wrote in an article for the Daily Record newspaper. "I am more confident than ever that the people of Scotland are going to say 'Yes,'" at Thursday's historic referendum.
A Guardian/ICM poll out Friday put the "Yes" campaign on 49 percent compared to 51 percent for the "No" camp when undecided voters were excluded.
The campaign to retain the union was forced to reboot this week after a Sunday Times/YouGov poll out on Sunday put the "Yes" camp narrowly ahead for the first time.
This prompted Britain's main party leaders including Prime Minister David Cameron to rush to Scotland to campaign and promise new devolved powers if Scots vote to stay in Britain.
But a YouGov poll published Friday in The Times put the "No" camp four points ahead on 52 percent once undecided voters were stripped out.
This was the first time the pollsters have recorded the pro-union side gaining ground since early August.
The new surveys came after a string of big businesses with Scottish interests made statements on their contingency plans in the event of independence.
Banking giant RBS was among those to say they could re-register their headquarters in England following an independence vote but insisted this would not cause major job losses.
Department store John Lewis and supermarket ASDA also warned Scottish shoppers that they could face higher prices post-independence.
But the "Yes" camp has reacted bullishly, insisting that warnings over the potential economic consequences of independence were "entirely speculative".
Salmond also claims that Cameron has prompted some industry leaders to weigh into the debate.
"The Prime Minister's fingerprints are all over the claims from one or two supermarket bosses," he told an event in Aberdeen.
But global investment giant Deutsche Bank on Friday weighed in on the side of "No", saying that independence "would go down in history as a political and economic mistake" as large as those that caused the Great Depression.
A vote for independence could have a major impact on Britain's position in international bodies such as the United Nations and European Union.
An independent Scotland would create Europe's newest state since the disintegration of Yugoslavia in the 1990s.
Acknowledging the gravity of the situation, finance minister George Osborne and Bank of England chief Mark Carney on Friday said they had cancelled plans to attend a G20 meeting in Australia because of the referendum.
YouGov's president Peter Kellner said people's fears over what independence might do to their bank accounts was increasing, particularly among women.
He added that the intervention this week of Labour's former British prime minister Gordon Brown, a Scot, had seemingly stemmed the flow of Labour voters to the independence cause.
Meanwhile, UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage urged a "No" vote during a speech in Glasgow on Friday.
The anti-EU politician, whose party has minimal support in Scotland, said the referendum was not actually about independence, but was instead for "signing up to become a province of the European Union", arguing that Scotland would have to join the Euro as the UK would not let it share the pound.
"You can't be an independent country if you are a member of the EU," he said. "It's not only a non-starter but also a total illusion."
Farage had been urged to stay away by fellow "No" campaigners amid fears he could harm their case.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Rai s unconscionable account: Is all fair in marketing ones bookAir India
(Vinod Rai’s blundering…)
Shooting a sitting duck might not be sporting but gets the job done. And Manmohan Singh does not even quack back. So what better way to sell your book than to take pot shots at the former prime minister, who presided over fast, inclusive growth, India's release from nuclear apartheid, 38 per cent fall in the maternal mortality rate, 28 per cent fall in the infant mortality rate, doubling of the nation's installed power generation capacity, the fastest decline in poverty in India's history and structural diversification of the economy that brought down the percentage of the workforce engaged in agriculture below 50 per cent? Vinod Rai has a clear focus on the bird's neck; so, to heck with the large picture.
Seeing the large picture was not a strong point in his accounting career either. His report said that the government should have raised the cost of foreign travel for all Indians by curtailing flights to and from India by foreign airlines so that Air India could make smaller losses. He thought it was for the government's accountant to decide if the goal of policy, when allocating spectrum, should be to spread telecom fast, so as to accelerate the pace of social and economic development , or to make money through auctions. The Supreme Court later said that maximisation of revenue cannot always be the goal. Nor did he take into account the huge revenue gain the government derived from faster economic growth and superior tax collection made possible by fast telecom spread riding on cheap telecom, when he came out with woolly-headed estimates of notional loss to the exchequer. In its recent coal judgment, the Supreme Court has trashed Rai's contention that the prime minister should have pressed for auctions to allocate coal mines in the teeth of opposition from the states.
But Rai's blundering did serve to rouse public anger against corruption — corruption there was, even if his loss-to-the-exchequer estimates were silly. So Rai will find a place in India's history. It's different matter that his picture would be pencilled in shades far more sober than the glorious riot of colours he splashes on to the canvas for himself.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scams in UPA werent the failure of Manmohan only: Vinod Rai2G scam
(Vinod Rai, in his book, calls…)
In his book, Not Just An Accountant, former Comptroller Auditor General Vinod Rai has called for strong actions to break the paradigm of nepotism and cronyism that has crept into India's governance over the past decade. It took Rai 10 months to get a water connection for his private residence in South Delhi after retirement, he told ET's Vikas Dhoot, pointing out how difficult it is for ordinary citizens to play straight without being harassed by the system. Edited exercpts:
Why have you written this book and what do you want readers to imbibe from it?
When I retired, I had no intention of writing this. But even after I retired (in May 2013), lots of innuendos were made about me and the office of the CAG that is totally apolitical, competent and robust. To call us untrained and incapable of performance audit was very unfair as we were doing a better job than the auditors of most countries. I wanted the young generation to know how government is being run and boost the morale of young CAG officers who are extremely proficient at their work. So I picked up five cases (oil and gas, Air India , 2G Scam , CWG Scam and the Coalgate case) where the failures were for different reasons such as lack of cohesion, missing leadership, mid-way rule changes.
You have been critical of the PM, but said that all responsibility doesn't lie on his door. Please explain.
A leader always has to take responsibility for actions under his watch. But the scams in UPA weren't the failure of PM only as he can't be overseeing every small thing. A lot depends on the information and analysis fed to him by the ministers and secretaries. But yes, the buck stops with the PM.
You have said that Congress MPs pressurised you over naming the PM in audit reports.
What I said was that Ashwini Kumar talked to me when a couple of other MPs were around. They were saying that please don't drag the PM into the Public Accounts Committee meetings (not the audit report). If the PM is writing to Raja and two letters are written on the same day, how can audit not take note of it. It is a fact that in a PAC meeting that I was absent, Congress MPs were so acerbic (about me) that other PAC members protested and the PAC head Murli Manohar Joshi had to complain to the speaker. They wanted CAG to be in the witness box. For the first time, the PAC was grilling the CAG.
You have made some sharp comments about the oil ministry favouring RIL that go beyond the CAG report...
An audit report is very structured and cannot have opinions. I have interpreted the production sharing contract (PSC) in my own way and analysed it indepth. It is a fact that the Director General of Hydrocarbons and Government of India have been bending over backwards for Reliance. The PSC may be a result of our inexperience in the past, but now the government must think about reviewing it. The CAG, the Ashok Chawla committee on natural resources' allocation as well as former PMEAC head C Rangarajan have recommended this.
How hopeful are you that the new government would correct the cronyism pervading governance?
It's far too early to say, but they have come to power on an avowed declaration of ending crony capitalism and corruption. Corruption can't be eliminated, but it can be curbed
FEATURED ARTICLES

Modis rise to Race Course spawns publishing opportunityYou are here: Home > Collections > Books
PM Narendra Modi’s rise from Vadnagar to 7, Race Course Road, spawns a huge publishing opportunity
Vasudha Venugopal, ET Bureau Sep 13, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
Accidental Prime Minister
(Bookshop at BJP office in…)
NEW DELHI: Three weeks ago in Mumbai, Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani released a picture book on Prime Minister Narendra Modi containing what were said to be rare pictures of the man, chronicling his journey from Vadnagar, a small village in Gujarat, to 7 Race Course in New Delhi.
Around the same time in New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley released a coffee table book on the prime minister titled, Being Modi. "Did you know that Modi was hiding in a basement of a house during the Emergency, suffering from jaundice? Or that his family still remembers the excellent sabudana khichdi he makes," co-author Nikita Parmar says.
The 25-year-old Delhi High Court lawyer travelled extensively throughout Gujarat last year to get to grips with Modi's personal story. "I have interviews of his old friends, close family members. People are bored of reading about his political life now, that is why I chose to find out more about his family and personal habits," she adds.
Modi's rise has spawned a huge publishing industry, with more than 80 books being released on him in different languages in the past few months alone. Most of them are in Hindi and Gujarati, and are usually released by a dignitary.
These are written by former journalists, lawyers, RSS workers and one by his bodyguard. Priced between Rs 45 and Rs 500, there are books of all kinds on the PM — comics, picture books and political biographies among others.
These include Durdrashta Narendra Modi, Ghar Ghar Modi, Bhavishya Ki Asha--Narendra Modi, Narendra Modi Ka Rajnitik Safar, Narendra Modi --Sangarsh Se Shikar Tak, Swarnim Gujarat Na Modi, Mahanayak Narendra Modi and Prernamurthy Narendra Modi. The titles in English are varied: Narendra Modi, Yes he Can, Modi -- Man of Developing India, Modi Demystified, Modi: Change We Can Believe In, This is Narendra Modi, Modimantra among others. Modi's biographies have also been translated into Chinese and French, and those written by the PM himself - Samajik Samarasta, Sakshibhaan, Aapatkal Mein Gujarat - are prominently displayed in bookstores.
Navbharat Sahitya Mandir, one of the largest Gujarati publishing houses in the country, has issued a series of books on Modi. It's now looking at "unheard stories of the PM" to tell people, said proprietor Ronak Shah .
Shah refers to Gujarati writer and translator Aditya Vasu, who has authored books such as Narendra Modi ki Jeevan Katha and Namovaani. Vasu, 78, used to be a trader of antique items in Gujarat until about 10 years ago, then started writing about Modi after the 2002 religious riots. His books have gone into a fourth reprint after a spurt in interest in them, Shah said.
"I thought he was being wronged," said Vasu. "That is why I chose to write about what Modi did during the Godhra accident and how much he supported the special investigation team that looked into the matter," said the writer, who is also busy with Gujarati translations of the Chicken Soup series.
The election results have given a fresh lease of life to Common Man Narendra Modi, said author Kishore Makwana , who first met Modi in 1983 at an RSS shakha near Ahmedabad. An RSS member and author, Makwana said he chose to write on Modi because he had seen the man from close quarters and wanted the world to know the simple, unknown aspects of the man. "Not many people know his love for Bengali music. He is so fluent in Marathi that he translates his Gujarati books into the language himself."
Makwana said what interested publishers was an old interview of Modi where he talks about his interests, especially his love for photography. "After he came back from a Kailash Mansorovar Yatra in 1989, there was an exhibition of his photos in Ahmedabad." Former bodyguard Prabir Mahanti's Modi aur Mein looks at his working style and his attitude towards others. Mahanti was an assistant commandant in the National Security Guard and part of Modi's security detail in 2006 and 2007.
Not all the books are doing too well though. The bookshop at the BJP office on Ashoka Road in Delhi has 180 books on Modi in different languages but the biggest seller is LK Advani's My Country, My Life.
"The Accidental Prime Minister (on Manmohan Singh by Sanjaya Baru) has done better than all these new Modi releases put together," said Anup Kumar of Faqir Chand and Sons , a Delhi-based bookseller and distributor. "We had to send back many of the copies as there was no demand." According to him, only three books on Modi - Narendra Modi: The Man, The Times by Nilanjan Mukhopadhyay, The Namo Story, A Political Life by Kingshuk Nag and Narendra Modi: A Political Biography by Andy Marino - have sold well.
RTI activist Vivek Garg , who has written two books on Modi, said copies of his works were even shipped to Islamabad as there was demand for them. "The books may not be selling like hot cakes but they are still moving. Given that Modiji is dynamic figure who will remain a topic of interest for many years now, we need books that explain how he will change India."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple Gets a Failing Grade for Canadian GeographyYou are here: Home Corporates
Apple Gets a Failing Grade for Canadian Geography
Reuters | Updated On: September 13, 2014 16:52 (IST)
J&K Floods: LIC Eases Claim Settlement Rules
Toronto: Geography has again stumped Apple Inc, with the technology company mixing up and relocating both Canada's largest city and its national capital on a map showing when different parts of the country can expect new iPhone deliveries.
Not only did Apple's Canadian website misplace Toronto and Ottawa, it incorrectly placed Edmonton west of Calgary, and missed the apostrophe in St. John's, screen grabs from local media showed. The offending map was quickly removed.
The error prompted a new round of light-hearted digs at the Apple, which has a history of getting lost with its maps.
"You would think they could've asked Siri for help with that," said Twitter user Jennifer Hoegg, referring to Apple's voice-recognition software.
The latest snafu echoes the launch of Apple Maps, which replaced Google Maps as the default mapping application in 2012 to a chorus of complaints over errors and omissions.
CEO Tim Cook quickly apologized for those problems at the time and took the unusual step of recommending rival services.
The Canadian mishap was unfortunate on the day the smartphone and computer company began taking pre-orders for its iPhone 6 models, which quickly outpaced supply, especially for the Plus version with a larger screen.
Customers might have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on the iPhone 6 Plus, while most versions of the smaller iPhone 6 should ship between 7 and 10 business days.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Brandon Stanton: The  human of the worldComments
Brandon Stanton talks about what sets his photo blog apart and about travelling to 11 countries in 50 days - he's already been to Iraq, Jordan, Israel, Congo, Uganda, Kenya, South Sudan and Ukraine - as part of the promotional effort for the UN's Millennium Development Goals.
Let's start with yesterday's event in Delhi.
I've been to a lot of different countries. Every time I've gone to a country, people have been posting emails saying, 'Hey, I wanna meet you!' but the moment I posted my first India picture, I got 500 emails in a few hours from people in India. I've got so many fans here and I am very appreciative that they follow the blog. I had this idea an hour before I announced it and I said it would be cool if there were some place where I could meet everybody. I asked around and they showed me this Central Park area so I took a picture with my iPhone and said, 'OK, everybody, I'm going to be here in three hours if you want to come and say 'Hi'. I said I was going to be there at 6 pm and showed up at 5 and a ton of people were already there. So I started speaking at 5.10. Because the crowd was getting so big, I wanted to start talking just to keep everybody in control. So I asked everybody to sit down.
Brandon Stanton famous for his photo blog, Humans of New York (HONY), during an interaction with his young followers in Connaught Place, Delhi. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
They sat down?
Yeah, it was pretty amazing. Hundreds of people and everybody sat down there quiet and I spoke for about an hour. Then it got to be about 6.10 and some police came over. I couldn't understand as they were speaking in Hindi. But they were very angrily speaking and everybody was shouting back. I was told later that they were like, "Who is he with?" and everybody shouted, "All of us". They were telling us we had to disperse so I took several steps back and took a photo of the crowd. Then the crowd, that up until then had been very calm, started running forward and I started running towards my car. My poor driver had no idea who I was. All he knew was I was going to the park and I come running back to the car with hundreds of people running behind me!
Petra, Jordan: “We were engaged for six months, but her parents made her marry a richer man.” “What’s the last thing you said to her?” “I told her: ‘I’ve done all that I can do. I wish you happiness in your life.’” (Courtesy: Brandon Stanton)
Like a rock star!
Oh, it was very! But it was also scary because my girlfriend's claustrophobic. Everybody was swarming the car, pushing and rocking it and beating on windows. I think everybody who was at the event was relatively controlled and calm. I think the people who were being rowdy were those who weren't at the event; they just assumed I was somebody! Then the cops came and started pushing people. It was insane. I was laughing the entire time. My girlfriend got very nervous.
'Humans of Delhi' go gaga over New York blogger Brandon Stanton
Where have you travelled in India?
I went to Jammu, Dharamsala and Amritsar and then came back to Delhi. I had about seven days in India. I looked at the big map of India and I thought I could spend 12 hours in several different places or I could just pick one region and do it well. I happened to be in New Delhi and I want to go up north and see the Himalayas and so I ended up doing the northern part of the country. Of all the places I've been, India is the one that's on the top of my list to return to.
Where are you going now?
Now, I'm going to Nepal and then Vietnam and then after that, it's still open. The whole trip has been very improvisational; we have a very loose itinerary. I never buy plane tickets out of a country until I'm in the country so I get on the ground, figure out what I need, where I'm going, how much time I need, and schedule as I go along. It's been very fluid the entire time.
And is there some back-end support?
The UN is helping in some countries more than others. The one thing that I really appreciate is that they are helping me when I need it but they are also giving me a lot of freedom, which I like because I try to show normalcy, just random people. I don't want to go to a country, for example, India, and just go to the slums and try to show poverty or the need for education. The UN is doing so much great work in all the countries of the world. They said, 'We just want you to go and do your normal thing.' The trip is sponsored by the Millennium Development goals and the purpose is to raise awareness for those. But our goal is not to go into any of these countries and show what they need or what's wrong with them but to just show as normal a representation of life as we can.
That's what makes it interesting; otherwise, it would have been preachy.
Exactly! And I've tried to avoid that from Day One. Everybody asks, 'What does Humans of New York mean?' and I always say that I try to avoid putting any kind of message in the work even if it is a positive or optimistic message. The moment you do that, you're looking for certain people and words that fit into the world view you are trying to show and it becomes preachy. My goal is not to try to say anything specific about this person or this country or the world in general or humanity in general, but rather to approach random people and listen to them and try to tell their story in as honest and genuine a way as I can.
Where did you grow up?
I grew up in Georgia which is a state in the south (of the US). Two interesting things about Humans of New York is that here I am, 30 years old and 10 million people are following the website; it's been on the bestseller list for 21 weeks… And I didn't start photographing until the age of 26 and I had never been to New York before the age of 26. I moved to New York and everything took off.
Jinja, Uganda: “I want to be a nurse.” (Courtesy: Brandon Stanton)
You started Humans of New York casually.
Right. I'm very careful to emphasise that Humans of New York just came (about).  It started with me going into the city every day for eight hours because I love taking photos. It wasn't like I had this plan to have this hugely popular photo blog. I love taking photos so I would go and photograph all day long, every day, thousands of pix a day even. Then I started noticing that I really like the pictures of people that I was taking and beyond that, I really liked where I'd stop somebody and I would take a portrait. Through this love of photography, I started gravitating towards the photography that I liked the most, which happened to be these very intimate portraits of strangers I was taking on the street and I thought that though I haven't been photographing very long, I've got something special here and I'm going to devote my life to it. So I moved to New York to stop strangers on the street and take portraits of them. I was doing that for several months without any success. Things took off when, one day, I included a little quote from the person, something they said to me, and the response was large. It resonated with people and I said there's really something to this. Since that day, the path and trajectory of Humans Of New York has been about telling deeper and deeper stories of strangers that I meet on the street. The two things that make HONY powerful is the intimacy of the stories combined with the anonymity of the stranger. Hardly ever are those two things brought together. HONY brings them together and I think that's one of the reasons it works.
You're a great conversationalist. I'm not sure I'd be able to go up to a stranger in the street and get him to tell me his dad and mum weren't married.
A college student followed me one day and afterwards he said, 'I used to think you were a photographer who interviewed people. Now I realise you're some body that goes around talking to people and then takes their photograph.' The entirety of the process revolves around making these conversations as genuinely conversational as possible. When I know I'm doing good work is when I forget that I'm interviewing somebody; I'm engrossed in what they are saying; I'm following my general curiosity and just talking to the person and that's a very certain energy. I've had reporters follow me and it's showed me the difference because I'll be talking to the person and be into the conversation and the reporter will come up behind me and say, 'Do you mind if I ask you a few questions? What is your name? What is your occupation?' The energy is so different. So that's the key: it's not about the words; it's not about the questions. It's about the energy at the exchange that you're having with somebody. The energy, as amorphous as it is, plays a huge role in the work.
People are at ease when they talk to you.
I try to get them at ease; I do everything that I can. That's the trick of HONY and the hard part and what has taken me so long to learn is it's not the photography that's hard; it's not the interviewing. What's hard is approaching a random stranger on the street and making them feel comfortable enough in a very short amount of time to reveal things to you that are really intimate and revealing of their lives.
How did you do at first?
I was horrible. The first 3,000 people I approached, I was awful. I was figuring it out. Because I've photographed 10,000 people, you've got to think I've approached 20,000. At first, I over explained: 'Oh, I'm doing this project; this is what I do…' Then I realised it's not about the explanation. If anything, explaining too much makes the person nervous. You really can't teach this because it's got to be earned; you've got to do it so many times that you are very comfortable with it. The worst thing you can do is be nervous because then you make the other person nervous. You have to be completely calm; you have to be very genuine; you have to put the other person at ease and that takes practice. You've got to do it so many times it doesn't scare you anymore; because that person is not going to be comfortable unless you are comfortable. It took a long time but now its second nature.
Has anybody ever told you something that has shocked you?
All the time. Think about the questions I'm asking: 'What's the most frightened you've ever been? What's the saddest moment of your life?' I mean I'm asking people to tell me the most shocking things that have ever happened to them. So by nature of the interview process the things that they tell me can be very shocking or tragic. Maybe tragic's a better word. A lot of tragedy in the world.
I liked the Sikh family that you did in Delhi. I'm wondering about the editing process. Did you have a long conversation with the gentleman and then come up with this gem?
Some conversations are very short; sometimes they are very long. Sometimes I use the first thing out of the person's mouth. Sometimes I'll be talking with them for 10 minutes... It all depends. The particular one that you're referencing, it was the answer to a simple question. He had a child with him so I just asked, 'What's your greatest dream for your child?' and he said, 'We'll let him dream for himself.' I thought that was poignant; I'd never heard that before. I know I have a caption that I'm going to use when somebody tells me something I've never heard before. It's very rarely a thought, a philosophy, when somebody says, 'Oh, I don't like cheese' or 'Oh, I think the government should be overthrown' because so many people share these thoughts. But what people don't share is stories. Everyone's got a unique story. Through my questioning I try to get down to the story. The way it works is I'll say, 'What's your greatest struggle right now?'
'Oh, I'm struggling to be more courageous.'
OK, that's a thought; that's something that a lot of people share. So what I'll do is I'll say, 'Well, tell me about a specific time you wished you'd been more courageous,'…then you're asking for a story! So it's always a process trying to get to a story.
(Left) Erbil, Iraq: “We just want to be together and not be afraid.” (Courtesy: Brandon Stanton) | (Right) New Delhi, India: “What’s your biggest dream for your child?” “We’ll let him dream for himself.” (Courtesy: Brandon Stanton)
But when people ask you personal questions are you open about it?
Oh, yeah. I've got to be, right? It's only fair.
So what do you think is the most important thing that's ever happened to you?
I tend to circle around the emotions because I feel so many of the stories in people's lives are coupled with a very strong emotion. The happiest moment in my life? That was easy: when I found out my book's the No 1 New York Times bestseller. Saddest moment of my life? When I was 19 and I flunked out of college and I was starting over, my grandparents let me live in their basement while I got a job and got back into college. I lived with my grandparents for two years so I got very close to them. My grandfather had really bad Alzheimer's and it was starting to progress very quickly and his personality was changing a lot but he was still kind of the same person. I was leaving for college for six months and I was pulling out of the driveway and waving bye to him knowing that when I saw him next he was going to be a completely different person. I'd say that was the saddest moment of my life.
What about your parents?
I'm sure it's all very exciting to them. When I first started they were, like, what are you doing? 
All the reports say you were a bonds trader.
Right and so I think they were more worried about me than anything. They just thought I avoiding getting a job, being reckless. I was doing it for a year full time without anyone paying attention. Here I am, stopping people on the streets taking pictures of them and I don't have anything to show for it. So, yeah, I don't think they were too proud of it at the time. Obviously now I'm sure they are quite tickled by it.
How many countries have you travelled through so far?
I went to Jerusalem -- Israel and Palestine -- but I haven't posted the pictures yet because that was a side trip outside of the UN trip. I've been to Iraq, Jordan, Israel, Congo, Uganda, Kenya, the Sudan, Ukraine and now, I'm in India. One of the beautiful things about this trip is that it's improvisational. I decided that I was going to Nepal a few days ago.
What do you do when you're not working… because this is work for you
I just hang out with my girlfriend and my dog Suzie. I don't like to go to cocktail parties or industry things. I talk to people all day long and when I'm outside of that sphere, I'm pretty introverted. I like to hang out with the same two or three friends that I've known since high school and my girlfriend and my dog.
How many people do you talk to in a day if you're out on the street?
Probably about 10 and I normally post about five photos a day. They are pretty deep conversations. The key is doing it every single day. Any given day, I'll only be out for two or three hours but I never take days off.

Fed policy  WPI inflation data to guide mkts this wk: ExpertsAman Chowdhury
(Trend in investment by overseas…)
NEW DELHI: Indian stock markets will take cues from the US Federal Reserve's monetary policy review and WPI inflation data release due this week, say experts.
Stocks on Monday will react to tepid IIP growth and lower retail inflation figures released after markets closed Friday. Inflation data based on wholesale price index (WPI) for August is expected to be released on Monday at around noon.
Trend in investment by overseas investors, movement of rupee against the dollar and crude oil price would continue to dictate trading in the stock market for the week.
Global markets will track US Federal Reserve's two-day meeting ending on Wednesday. Investors are keen on knowing the US interest rate trajectory as there are concerns that an early hike may lead to capital outflows from emerging markets.
Over the past week, the BSE Sensex gained 34.34 points to close at 27,061.04 and Nifty rose about 19 points to end at 8,105.50.
"This week is going to be an eventful one as market participants will be seen reacting to macro-economic data of IIP and CPI inflation in early trade on Monday, followed by WPI inflation data. Besides, they will be taking note of advance tax payment by listed corporates, which is also due to be released on September 15 and will provide clues about Q2 September corporate earnings.
"Additionally, they would also be eyeing the crucial US Federal Reserve's monetary policy review," said Jayant Manglik, President retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
Analysts said while global factors will be key, the local focus will also be on economic data as the RBI is set to review its monetary policy stance on September 30.
Continuing to bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have pumped in a whopping Rs 17,000 crore in the Indian capital market since the beginning of this month.
"It's raining money for Indian equities and the Indian markets have been the best performers among all emerging economies riding on FII inflows," said Aman Chowdhury , CEO and Co-Founder, Cians Analytics.
While the market mood is positive, a flare-up of tension in the Middle East could hit sentiments.
"Overall markets look positive and trade positions, market activity, derivatives positions, sentiments - all indicate towards a healthy market movement in this week. Sudden tension in US-Syria, Iraq crisis led to downgrade in global risk appetite.
"We may see steep movements in INR/dollar rates, gold prices and equities if the tensions continue to remain aggravated," said Rakesh Goyal , Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese President to meet PM Modi  pledges to invest $50 billion to modernise Indian railways#china #india #xi jinping #narendra modi #indian railway #jinping india visit #tracking the modi government
New Delhi/Beijing: China will pledge to invest billions of dollars in India's rail network during a visit by President Xi Jinping this week, bringing more than diplomatic nicety to the neighbours' first summit since Narendra Modi became prime minister in May.
The leaders of Asia's three biggest economies - China, India and Japan - have crisscrossed the region this month, lobbying for strategic influence, building defence ties, and seeking new business opportunities.
Beijing's bid to ramp up commercial ties in India comes despite a territorial dispute that has flared anew in recent years, raising concerns in New Delhi, where memories of a humiliating border war defeat in 1962 run deep.
Beijing is looking to invest another $50 billion in building India's ports, roads and a project to link rivers.
It follows a pledge by Japan to invest $35 billion in India over the next five years - including the introduction of bullet trains - and a drive to deepen security ties during talks earlier this month between Modi and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Tokyo.
India and China are expected to sign a pact that will open the way for Chinese participation in new rail tracks, automated signalling for faster trains and modern stations that India's British-built rail system desperately needs, having barely added 11,000 km of track in the 67 years since independence.
China, which added 14,000 km of track in the five years to 2011, is also pushing for a share of the lucrative high-speed train market in India, which it says would be cheaper than Japanese proposals.
"India has a strong, real desire to increase its cooperation with China and other countries to perfect and develop its rail system, and has concrete cooperation ideas," Assistant Chinese Foreign Minister Liu Jianchao told reporters ahead of Xi's trip.
"India is considering building high-speed railways, and China has a positive attitude towards this."
China's consul general in Mumbai, Liu Youfa, said last week that Chinese investment in the modernisation of India's railways could eventually touch $50 billion.
Beijing is looking to invest another $50 billion in building India's ports, roads and a project to link rivers, part of an infrastructure push that Modi has said is his top priority to crank up economic growth.
Chinese investment will also help narrow a trade deficit with India that hit $31 billion in 2013.
From economic parity in 1980, China's growth has outstripped India's fourfold. Beijing is now seeking to recycle some of its vast export surpluses into foreign investment in resources and infrastructure in South Asia to feed its industrial machine.
Distrust
New Delhi's ties with Beijing have long been held back by distrust, mostly over their contested border. India has reported a rise in incursions by Chinese troops in recent years across a military control line, prompting a drive to beef up defences.
India also views Chinese military collaboration with its arch-rival, Pakistan, as a security threat.
Beijing, for its part, is concerned about the activities of Tibetans led by the Dalai Lama who fled to India following a failed uprising in 1959.
Xi kicks off his visit in Ahmedabad, the commercial capital of Modi's home state, Gujarat, on Wednesday when the nationalist Indian leader will be marking his 64th birthday.
Xi is set to launch one of two industrial parks focused on building power equipment in the booming state, which topped India's growth rates when Modi was its chief minister. China will set up another park in the neighbouring state of Maharashtra that will be mainly involved in the autos sector.
The informal setting of the first meeting between Xi and Modi is expected to bring a personal touch, much like the friendly get-together of the new Indian leader and Abe in Kyoto before their formal summit in Tokyo.
"We hope that during this visit the Chinese and Indian relationship of the last 50-60 years would see a directional change," Trade Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said.
For all that, Modi's bonhomie with Abe and his plans to meet US President Barack Obama later this month point to a carefully balanced approach to relations with big powers.
"Modi is playing his cards very close to his chest, first by visiting Japan ahead of Xi coming to China, and also by planning a US visit later this year," said a Beijing-based diplomat who follows the China-India relationship.
Before he arrives in India, Xi will visit the Maldives, the Indian ocean island which India has long considered its area of influence.
He will also travel to Sri Lanka, where China is building a port less than 200 km from India's southern coast, part of a drive to build ports across the Indian Ocean that some have dubbed a strategic "String of Pearls".
Earlier this month, Abe visited Sri Lanka and Bangladesh.

Infrastructure damage in J-K floods could touch Rs 6KcroreAt least 50 small and big bridges have been damaged by the floods while long stretches of several important roads have been washed away. ( File photo )
PTI | Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 10:55 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 11:32 am
Jammu and Kashmir has suffered massive damage to its public infrastructure due to the worst floods it has faced in more than a century and officials say that the state would need at least Rs 5,000 crore to rebuild the same.
Even a conservative estimate of the damage to public infrastructure like bridges, roads, hospitals and other government buildings puts the figure at between Rs 5,000 crore to Rs 6,000 crore, Secretary to the state government’s Revenue, Relief and Rehabilitation Department, Vinod Kaul said.
Kaul said that in a presentation made to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh during his visit to the state last week, the estimated damage to public infrastructure was pegged at around Rs 1,000 crore. However, at that time, Srinagar city was still unaffected by the floods.
The damage is very widespread in the summer capital of J&K as most government facilities here have been hit by the floods, he said. While most parts of south Kashmir — spread over the four districts of Anantnag, Kulgam, Shopian and Pulwama — were hit by floods in the early days of September, over 60 per cent of Srinagar city was marooned by the rampaging Jhelum on September 7.
Five major hospitals in the city — SMHS Hospital at Kaka Sarai, Lalla Ded Hospital at Wazirbagh, SKIMS Hospital at Bemina, Bone and Joint Hospital at Barzulla and GB Pant Hospital at Sonawar — were hit by the floods as Jhelum river breached its embankments at several places.
 
While there has not been much damage yet to the buildings of these hospitals, equipment worth hundreds of crores of rupees has been damaged and might need complete replacement if the water level in the city does not recede quickly. At least 50 small and big bridges have been damaged by the floods while long stretches of several important roads have been washed away.
The above reports are of the period prior to Srinagar getting hit by the floods. “We are yet to analyse the damage caused in the last six or seven days,” Kaul said.

Delhi: Jumping a red light Get slapped with 15 000 fine under new proposed traffic lawComments
Soon, motorists caught speeding, driving drunk or jumping red lights may not get away with a light fine and a few stern words from the traffic cop.
The punishment would get harsher as the gravity of the offence increases — a Rs. 3-lakh fine and not less than seven years in jail for causing the death of a child; Rs. 5 lakh in penalty and three months in jail for a manufacturing fault in a vehicle; a Rs. 1-lakh fine for driving an unregistered vehicle.
All these and more are part of the new draft Road Transport and Safety Bill, 2014 unveiled by the road transport ministry on Saturday. The ministry has proposed hiking penalties three-to-50-fold  and other stringent action that includes suspension or cancellation of driving licence.
In the draft bill, speeding invites a fine of Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 12,500 — up from the existing Rs. 400-1,000 — and suspension of licence for up to eight weeks depending on how much you have exceeded the speed limit. For instance, the steepest fine is for going 40kmph over the speed limit.
Driving under the influence comes with a fine of Rs. 15,000 (currently Rs. 3,000) and a jail term of up to a year. But a second offence will lead to permanent loss of licence and up to two years in jail. The penalty is especially harsh for school bus drivers — Rs. 50,000 in fine and a three-year jail sentence.
Along with the fines and jail terms, drivers below 25 years stand to lose their licence for three months.
The punishment for jumping a red light is Rs. 5,000-15,000 in fine and one-month licence suspension. Similarly, you pay Rs. 5,000 for not wearing a seat belt.
India has one of the highest road fatalities in the world with 137,576 deaths reported last year. In the same period, Delhi recorded 7,566 accidents that killed 1,820 people. The bill aims to bring down such fatalities by 200,000 in the first five years and increase GDP by 4%.
Apart from the fines and imprisonment, motorists will be awarded penalty points for every traffic violation. Collecting 12 penalty points means losing your driving licence for a year.
The draft includes several new features in keeping with the times — fines for manufacturing faults, for instance, come in the wake of incidents of cars catching fire and vehicle recalls by auto firms.
“The bill, after it is cleared by cabinet, will be tabled in Parliament during the winter session. The proposed changes were long due as the last time the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 was amended was in 2001, and since then many provisions related to offences and penalty have ceased to have any punitive effect,” said a ministry official.
Our new act gives emphasis on E-governance to bring in transparency in the transport sector
— Nitin Gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) September 13, 2014
A Highway Traffic Regulation and Protection Force has been proposed while a motor accident fund would be set up to provide compulsory insurance to all road users. A pan-India road accident emergency access telephone number to alert and access emergency services is also in the works.

Heroines take centre stage as Bollywood grows upprint
Seema Goswami
After all the brouhaha that surrounded the making of Mary Kom , the movie – most of it centering around why the filmmakers couldn’t have got an ethnic Manipuri rather than the very north Indian Priyanka Chopra to play the lead role – I must confess that I was rather curious to see how the film turned out in the end.
So, for once, rather than wait for the DVD to come out, I actually ventured into a cinema hall to catch the movie, first day, first show.
And I wasn’t disappointed. Yes, it was over-the-top in parts, the usual Bollywood clichés were well in place, and some characters were played at the level of caricature.
In the film, Priyanka Chopra (above) didn’t just play Mary Kom; she was Mary Kom.
But what made the movie work was Priyanka Chopra. She didn’t just play Mary Kom; she was Mary Kom. And she achieved this not with prosthetics, make-up and mimicry, but by taking on the legendary boxer’s fighting spirit and making it her own.
 
Just a few scenes into the film, and you forget all about Chopra’s ethnicity. All you care about is her performance, remarkable in its range and nuance.
 
She brings Mary Kom alive on the big screen: her rebellion against her father who didn’t want her to box; her slow-burning love for Onler, her devoted husband; her stormy relationship with the boxing federation; her fiery determination to make a comeback after the birth of her twins; and more.
 
Such was Priyanka’s dominance that you didn’t even notice the lack of a leading man in the movie (her on-screen husband is not just supportive but strictly supporting-actor material). And that’s what stayed with me after the film had ended (with an evocative playing of Jana Gana Mana, which had the entire hall standing in teary silence): the fact that this was a woman’s story, told from a woman’s point of view, without any pandering to masculine sensibilities.
 
Does this mean that Bollywood has finally grown up and realised that you don’t always need an over-muscled man in the lead for a movie to do well at the box office?
 
Is Hindi cinema finally willing to give its heroines what they have always longed for: a meaty role to sink their teeth into, and a film to carry on their own shoulders?
 
 In Mardaani, Rani Mukerji plays an angry young cop with great élan
 
Well, it is early days yet, but the signs are rather encouraging. Last month saw the release of Rani Mukerji’s Mardaani , in which she plays an angry young cop who runs down a trafficking ring with a combination of detective work, brute force and a liberal use of swear words.
Yes, the kind of role that Amitabh Bachchan played in another lifetime; only this time it was a woman in the lead role.
 
And though the movie was not a superhit, garnering only modest success at the box office, Rani herself received good notices, proving that audiences are not entirely non-receptive to such women-centric films.
 
This is a change that has been a long time coming, but has become more and more evident over the last few years. Sridevi’s English Vinglish, released in 2012, was one of the first signs.
 
Sridevi’s English Vinglish, released in 2012
 
A small-budget, quirky movie about a middle-aged housewife who discovers herself anew as she signs up to learn English in New York when she arrives there to help organise her niece’s wedding, this became a surprise hit, on the basis of Sridevi’s sparkling performance (and a brilliant effort by writer-director Gauri Shinde).
 
The following year belonged to Kangana Ranaut’s Queen , in which she did a marvellous job of playing a west Delhi Punjabi kudi who is jilted at the mandap but decides to go off on the honeymoon of her dreams anyway, even if it is on her own.
 
Yes, there was a hero of sorts, the man who jilts her, but this was Kangana’s show all the way. And she pulled it off with both nonchalance and élan, proving that a heroine can power a movie at the box-office just as well as a hero.
Kangana Ranaut’s Queen are signs that Hindi cinema is finally willing to give its heroines their due
  
The pioneer of this trend, though, was undoubtedly Vidya Balan. She started off with Dirty Picture, playing a Silk Smitha-type character in one-size-too-tight clothes, and ooh-la-laaed her way to a superhit. She went on to make waves with Kahaani, in which she played a woman who may or may not be pregnant but is indubitably in search of her missing husband.
 
And though her latest outing as Bobby Jasoos, a wannabe detective who specialises in weird disguises, bombed at the box-office, Balan herself got rave reviews.
But while these breakout hits (peppered with the occasional flop) are all well and good, the proof of the pudding would be when big-budget blockbusters like Happy New Year depend not on a hero like Shah Rukh Khan but on a heroine like Deepika Padukone to draw in the crowds. Or when a superhero is not called Krishh or Ra.One but Radha or even Sita.
 
Come to think of it, both Priyanka and Deepika would fill out a superhero (or should that be superheroine?) outfit admirably. Super Shakti: Rakshasa Slayer, anyone?
 
From HT Brunch, September 14
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

IS video shows beheading of British hostage David HainesAfter beheading Foley, Sotloff and Haines, IS parades British aid worker Alan Hening
AFP
print
The Islamic State claimed the beheading of a British aid worker on Saturday, an act slammed as "pure evil" by Prime Minister David Cameron who vowed Britain would do all it could to catch the killers.
President Barack Obama offered US support for its "ally in grief", while Cameron faced growing calls to allow Britain's military to help in Washington's planned assault against the rampaging  jihadist group.
Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
The British premier will chair a meeting of the government's emergency Cobra committee early Sunday in response to the online video purportedly showing a masked IS militant killing hostage David Haines in retribution for the US and British campaign against the group.
Cameron called the attack "a despicable and appalling murder of an innocent aid worker" and "an act of pure evil."
"We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes," he said in a statement.
Two US journalists have been murdered in similar circumstances in recent weeks.
Obama slammed the latest attack as "barbaric" and said the US "stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve".
Britain has yet to join US air strikes against IS in Iraq, but has offered to arm Kurdish Peshmerga fighters battling against militants in the north of the country, a move cited in the latest video as a reason for revenge.
Read: Act of pure evil, says Cameron as UK hostage beheaded
Murdered 'in cold blood'
Britain's Foreign Office said it was "working as quickly as it could" to verify the two-minute-27-second clip, entitled "A Message to the Allies of America".
The video opens with a clip of Cameron describing the British strategy of working with the Iraqi government to help arm Kurdish fighters against "these brutal extremist militants," and to offer aid, diplomacy, and military help to pressure IS.
Haines then appears, dressed in an orange jumpsuit, and identifies himself before calmly explaining that he is paying the price for Cameron's policy.
The attacker -- who appears to be the same man as in the previous two beheading videos -- tells Britain the alliance with the US will "accelerate your destruction" and will drag the British people into "another bloody and unwinnable war."
In the video, IS militants have announced their next target as another British aid worker Alan Hening.
As was the case with the previous two videos of Foley and Sotloff, the executioner introduces Hening at the end of the video.
Haines's brother Mike paid tribute to a "good brother...who was recently murdered in cold blood."
"He was, in the right mood, the life and soul of the party and on other times the most stubborn irritating pain in the ass," he said in a statement.
"He was and is loved by all his family and will be missed terribly."
Scottish-born Haines, 44, was taken hostage in Syria in March 2013 and was threatened in a video released this month depicting the beheading by an IS militant of the US journalist Steven Sotloff.
IS released a video claiming the execution of fellow US journalist James Foley on August 19.
Former head of the British Army Richard Dannatt on Sunday piled pressure on Cameron to let the country's military join a planned assault against IS, announced by Obama this week.
"What we absolutely need to do is not be cowed in any way by yet another foul murder of a hostage," he told Sky News.
"We can support them (the US) to confront, attack and defeat the Islamic State jihadi fighters ... and make sure this cancer is removed from the region before it spreads more widely."
Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
Kerry drums up local support
Under pressure himself to tackle the problem,  Obama on Wednesday set out a strategy which would include air strikes in Syria and expanded operations in Iraq.
But Cameron will be wary of playing into the hands of the captors by escalating tensions and is also recovering from last year's humiliation of failing to achieve parliamentary support for air strikes against Syria's President Bashar al-Assad.
As part of efforts to build up local support for action, US Secretary of State John Kerry on Saturday sought to bolster relations with Egypt during meetings with its leaders.
Egypt's formidable army is unlikely to take part in a military coalition against IS, but the country boasts the prestigious Sunni Muslim authority Al-Azhar, which Kerry said would fight back against the Islamic State's use of the religion.
Kerry takes his push to forge a broad coalition against Islamic State jihadists to France on Sunday , on the eve of an international conference in Paris on peace and security in Iraq.
The CIA put the number of IS fighters at 20,000 to 31,500 in Iraq and Syria, up to three times the previous estimate.
US aircraft have carried out more than 160 strikes in Iraq since early August, the US Central Command said Saturday.

India-bound Malaysia Airlines flight return back after auto-pilot defectprint
An India-bound flight of Malaysia Airlines was forced to return due to an auto-pilot defect, landing safely in Kuala Lumpur on Sunday, said the carrier already hit by the twin tragedies this year.
Flight MH198 from Kuala Lumpur to Hyderabad departed at 10.20pm last night but the Boeing 737-800 turned back due to an auto-pilot defect and landed safely at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport at 2.01am on Sunday, it said in a statement.
"The defect did not have any impact on the safety of the aircraft or passengers, however, as a precautionary measure, the operating captain decided to turn back," the airline said.
It refuted reports on social media that the aircraft caught fire. Initial reports had said that the plane had to make an emergency landing due to "burning fuel".
The airline said that upon arrival, passengers and crew disembarked safely and were given accommodation at nearby hotels.
The flight has been rescheduled to operate as MH198D and will depart Kuala Lumpur at 12pm on Sunday.
The airline said it regretted the disruption to its guests' travel plans but reiterated that safety of its passengers was its priority.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 with 239 people aboard lost contact on March 8. No trace of any wreckage has been found so far.
Another flight MH17 was shot down by a missile over eastern Ukraine on July 17, killing all 289 people aboard.

J-K floods: Infrastructure damage in state could touch Rs 6000 croreComments
Jammu and Kashmir has suffered massive damage to its public infrastructure due to the worst floods it has faced in more than a century and officials say that the state would need at least Rs. 5,000 crore to rebuild the same.
Even a conservative estimate of the damage to public infrastructure like bridges, roads, hospitals and other government buildings puts the figure at between Rs. 5,000 crore to Rs. 6,000 crore, Secretary to the state government's Revenue, Relief and Rehabilitation Department, Vinod Kaul, told PTI.
Kaul said that in a presentation made to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh during his visit to the state last week, the estimated damage to public infrastructure was pegged at around Rs. 1,000 crore.
However, at that time, Srinagar city was still unaffected by the floods.
The damage is very widespread in the summer capital of J&K as most government facilities here have been hit by the floods, he said.
Also read: Jammu and Kashmir floods in 50 pics
While most parts of south Kashmir -- spread over the four districts of Anantnag, Kulgam, Shopian and Pulwama -- were hit by floods in the early days of September, over 60 per cent of Srinagar city was marooned by the rampaging Jhelum on September 7.
Five major hospitals in the city -- SMHS Hospital at Kaka Sarai, Lalla Ded Hospital at Wazirbagh, SKIMS Hospital at Bemina, Bone and Joint Hospital at Barzulla and GB Pant Hospital at Sonawar -- were hit by the floods as Jhelum river breached its embankments at several places.
While there has not been much damage yet to the buildings of these hospitals, equipment worth hundreds of crores of rupees has been damaged and might need complete replacement if the water level in the city does not recede quickly.
At least 50 small and big bridges have been damaged by the floods while long stretches of several important roads have been washed away.
The above reports are of the period prior to Srinagar getting hit by the floods.
"We are yet to analyse the damage caused in the last six or seven days," Kaul said.

Left-backed AISA sweeps JNUSU elections  wins all four posts#jawaharlal nehru university #jnusu elections #jnusu elections result #aisa #left
New Delhi: Left-backed All India Students Association (AISA) swept Jawaharlal Nehru University Students' Union (JNUSU) elections as won all 4 posts on Sunday. More than 54 per cent students exercised their franchise in the students' union polls of JNU, where women's safety and hostel facilities surfaced as the key issues.
While seven candidates from major students' organisations were in the fray for the coveted presidential post in the JNUSU, five candidates each for the posts of Vice-President, General Secretary and Joint Secretary were contesting the polls.
In a first, the Election Committee had introduced None of the Above (NOTA) option for the polling this time. However, many students felt that the option was toothless as the NOTA votes cannot call for a re-election.
In a first, the Election Committee had introduced None of the Above (NOTA) option for the polling this time.
Digital voting, which was also introduced for the first time was widely used by visually impaired students. The computers had an interactive HTML portal which recorded students' choices.
Women's safety, action against those accused in sexual assault and better hostel facilities are among the key issues raised by the candidates of various students' organisations. This came against the backdrop of two JNUSU office bearers stepping down from their posts following a sexual harassment complaint against them with the university's gender sensitisation wing last month.
Last year, AISA had swept JNUSU elections, winning all top four positions.

First of its kind online data base for dental care#dental care #online data base #oral health #global health agenda
Greater Noida: Information related to data on oral health can now be accessed on a first of its kind online data base for dental care, a release said on Saturday.
Launched by the FDI World Dental Federation, a leading international organisation representing the dental profession, 'Data Hub for Global Oral Health' would be a first of its kind online data-base for oral health and related information.
The launch took place at the FDI Annual World Dental Congress held.
Information related to data on oral health can now be accessed on a first of its kind online data base for dental care.
Sharing insights on the launch of the data hub, Li-Jian Jin, chair of the FDI Oral Health Data Task Team said, "The FDI Data Hub creates a network for monitoring and sharing global oral health data."
It sheds light on the crucial need for growing and enhancing the available network by continuously feeding it up-to-date collected data that aims to make oral health a priority on the global health agenda, he said.
In India, oral health is a critical but overlooked component of overall health and well-being among children and adults.
Problems such as dental caries, periodontitis and oral cancer are some serious concerns that are significantly diminishing the quality of life for people, especially those from low income groups or those who are uninsured.
Ashok Dhoble, honorary secretary general, Indian Dental Association said, "Having access to a reliable source of information that monitors trends and assesses progress of dental health indicators is key to improving oral health outcomes and for implementing national healthcare strategies and plans."

DMRC contracts: Centre to ask UK for details on Alstom bribesPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:51 am
The Centre will be approaching the UK government to get more details about allegations that the British subsidiary of French rail transport equipment maker Alstom paid bribes to the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) to win signalling contracts here.
The urban development ministry will soon request the external affairs ministry to write to the Indian High Commission in London to approach the British Serious Fraud Office (SFO) to get relevant details about the bribe allegations, a ministry official said.
Urban development minister M Venkaiah Naidu has asked urban development secretary Shankar Aggarwal to write to the foreign secretary in pursuit of this matter.
“The minister has ordered an inquiry into the bribery case. Once we get the necessary details from UK, we can set our house in order and fix responsibility. Presently we have sketchy details and that too through media reports,” the official said.
Britain’s SFO has alleged that Alstom paid around $8.5 million in bribes over a six-year period to win transport contracts in India, Poland and Tunisia. Alstom Network UK allegedly paid bribes to win infrastructure orders for Delhi Metro between 2000 and 2006.

Sebi censures BSE for lapses in Rs 6K-cr NMDC share salePrint
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:43 am
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) has censured the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) for its “conduct” during state-run National Mineral Development Corporation’s (NMDC) Rs 6,000-crore share sale in December 2012.
The censure follows the failure of the BSE in confirming the bids for 4.55 crore shares received from Citibank NA within the stipulated time of half an hour after post close session. The Sebi order also advised the bourse to conduct a detailed probe into confirmation of bids by Citibank NA.
In an order signed by Sebi whole-time member Prashant Saran, the regulator directed the BSE to engage one or more independent consultants to review the entire sequence of events, the process followed, checks in place and systems employed while accepting the offer-for-sale (OFS) bids by the BSE. “The consultant should bring out the shortcomings, if any, and suggest remedial measures within a period of three months. The BSE should then fix the responsibility internally, both in terms of processes and personnel, and take appropriate action,” the Sebi order said.
Sebi sought an explanation from the BSE for accepting bids for 4 crore shares after the cut-off time for trading. The rules governing such share sales say that stock exchanges have to reconcile all orders and payments in the half an hour after trading time – 3.30 pm to 4 pm – and no orders can be accepted after close of trading hours.
However, Sebi found that the confirmation of bids for NMDC’s 4.55 crore shares received from Citibank with available funds was clearly not concluded within the stipulated time of half an hour after post close session.
The BSE said that at 03:55 pm, prior to the expiry of the half an hour post close session, it had received a facsimile request from the one of its authorised clearing bank — Citibank — on behalf of the custodian, Citibank NA for updation of the collateral of Rs 905 crore in respect of the bids.
Due to the unexpected high volume of bids received immediately prior to the last half an hour before the close of OFS, the collateral deposit request of custodian, Citibank NA could not be uploaded on the exchange system in time, on account of an inadvertent human error. BSE stated that custodian Citibank NA was not in a position to confirm the bids prior to 04:15 pm – the extended time for confirmation of institutional trades jointly agreed upon between the exchanges and also intimated to Sebi.
“Data relating to the bid for 4.55 crore shares could not be communicated to Sebi at 5:57 pm. Citibank had legitimate expectation to participate in the NMDC OFS and the BSE had decided to accept their request. After updating the collateral received in the system, Citibank NA was allowed by the BSE to confirm the bid from the system at 6:22 pm to 6:31 pm,” the BSE said. It said the collateral deposit had been received prior to the respective cut-off time and at no time was the bid uncovered by margins. In view continued…

Now  you can shop without giving credit or debit card details!Now, you can shop without giving credit or debit card details!
Beena Parmar
Euronet offers digital code to make online purchases
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
Now, you can shop at online retail stores without revealing your Internet banking password and credit or debit card details while making purchases.
Electronic payment and transaction processing solutions provider Euronet will now provide bank customers with a digital code, which can enable them to make online purchases without disclosing their debit or credit card details or log in to the net banking.
“The customer can buy a digital code online or in the retail market across the counter and there is an SMS or the physical card, which acts as a store of value card or currency card which is then activated at the merchant bill,” said Himanshu Pujara, MD, Euronet Services India.
Similar to a gift card, customers can procure a digital code for a particular denomination amount from the bank’s Web site. This code will be sent as an SMS or email to you or the beneficiary. Currently, such a facility is available on mobile top ups and DTH recharges with close to a million transactions per day.
In value terms, for Euronet, top-ups average Rs 120 per day through banks and Rs 60 per transaction through DTH retailers and telecom companies.
However, this facility demands an upfront payment of the denomination you choose and is instantly debited from your bank account when you procure the code. This code is valid for a period of 3 to 6 months depending on the arrangement with the e-commerce firms such as Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon, etc.
In addition, the digital code is not inter-operable thereby limiting the usage of the digital code to just one e-commerce firm.
For this, Euronet is in the process of going live within six weeks with an e-commerce firm and a private sector bank for distribution on whose digital channel this will be available.
“Since India is growing, indicators suggest we are ready for this, but volumes need to be seen. Also, competition is huge so we are trying to work on the differentiation, margins, integration with e-commerce firms and attempting to tie-up with local brands too,” Pujara added.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Hawks reclaim lost ground in AmericaLast updated: September 12, 2014 9:34 pm
Hawks reclaim lost ground in America
By Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a93b58cc-3a8f-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

German cities face battle to keep youngSeptember 12, 2014 5:47 pm
Small German cities face battle to keep young
By Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/26551ff2-3999-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Railways plans glass dome coaches on some routesAraku Valley
(Tourists on Vishakhapatnam-Araku…)
New Delhi: The best way to reach Araku Valley in Andhra Pradesh is to take a train from Vishakhapatnam — and it's about to get better. Tourists on this route will be the first in the country to sit inside glass-domed coaches that will allow them to take in the spectacular views along the route.
The train that runs between Vishakhapatnam and Araku will initially have two coaches with windows and roofs made of special shatter-resistant glass to provide an all-round view of the valley to travellers during the four-hour, 130-km journey. Similar services are offered by train operators in Switzerland and the Canadian Rockies.
The picturesque Araku Valley, located at an elevation of about 3,000 feet in the Eastern Ghats , is rich in thick forests and is known for its coffee plantations. An initiative of the Ministry of Tourism, the glassdomed coaches will be available by the end of March 2015 and the project could be replicated on other scenic routes, including between Baramulla and Qazigund in Kashmir Valley.
"We have no doubt that in Kashmir there would be great demand due to the high tourist footfalls in the state. In Araku, we will assess the interest it generates," a senior government official said. The viability of the project will depend on the response of passengers, who will pay premium fares for such coaches.
The tourism ministry will pay Rs 4 crore to the Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation, a unit of the Indian Railways , to provide the domestically manufactured, air-conditioned coaches. In the pilot run, the fares for these coaches are likely to be 5 per cent higher than the normal AC coach ticket. "Product innovation is essential to promoting tourism. We have to create those wow factors to attract tourists and give them a reason to explore newer places in India," said Arjun Sharma, managing director of Le Passage to India, a travel company headquartered in New Delhi.
Andhra Pradesh ranks third in domestic tourism, having drawn more than 15 crore visitors in 2013, according to ministry data, and is next only to Tamil Nadu and Uttar Pradesh. The state's main attraction is the pilgrimage centre of Tirupati and lesser known parts such as the Araku Valley will need to be promoted to make initiatives such as the glass-domed train coaches successful.
FEATURED ARTICLES

L&T  Tatas & 9 others in fray for Colaba-Seepz Metro projectAfcons
(As many as 14 consortia put…)
MUMBAI: Ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly polls scheduled for October 15, Rs 23,136 crore Colaba-Seepz Metro project , which is the single largest infra investment in the megapolis to date, got off to a flying start with nine out of the 14 bidders clearing the eligibility criteria.
As many as 14 consortia put up their bids for proposals in the pre-bidding process, out of which nine cleared the eligibility criteria for the 32.5-km underground metro, according to the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority ( MMRDA ).
The nine consortia, which have qualified in the pre-bid process include Pallonji Mistry's Afcons Infrastructure- Kyivmetrobud; the Tatas-led Continental Engineering Corporation-ITD Cementation India-Tata Projects; Dogus-Soma and IL&FS Engineering & Construction-China Railway 25th Bureau Group.
J Kumar Infraprojects-China Railway 3 Engineering Group; L&T-Shanghai Tunnel Engineering; OSJC Moscow Metrostroy-Hindustan Construction Company; Pratibha Industries-Guandong Tuantian Engineering; and Unity Infraprojects-IVRCL-China Railway Tunnel Group are the remaining consortia.
Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation (MMRC), which is implementing the mega project, will now issue request for proposal and the process is expected to be completed by December after which the work is likely to commence from next year.
On August 26, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had laid the foundation stone of the project paving way for the commencement of construction work which is being implemented on EPC basis.
The MMRC had invited re-qualification bids last September. However, due to certain issues raised by bidders on the eligibility criteria, the MMRC re-invited the bids for detailed design and construction of underground stations and tunnels bids on January 31.
In July, MMRC had invited tenders for the civil and other development work at the metro car depot at Aarey Colony in Goregaon worth Rs 129.32 crore. MORE
The government has signed a loan agreement with Japanese funding agency JICA which will provide nearly 57 per cent of the total cost of the project or Rs 13,235 crore.
The Centre and the state will equally contribute the remaining 43 per cent equity for the project. Further, Rs 777 crore will also be borne by the Mumbai International Airport, since the metro will pass through the MIAL areas.
The Colaba-Seepz Metro will comprise 27 stations, out of which 26 will be underground and the one at the Aarey Colony, Goregaon, will be at the ground level.
The corridor is expected to carry 13.9 lakh commuters daily by 2021 and 17 lakh by 2031.
The 27 Metro stations are Cuffe Parade, Vidhan Bhavan, Churchgate, Hutatma Chowk, CST, Kalbadevi, Girgaon, Grant Road, Mumbai Central, Mahalaxmi, Science Museum, Acharya Atre Chowk, Worli, Siddhi Vinayak, Dadar, Shitaladevi Temple, Dharavi, BKC, Vidya Nagari, Santacruz, Domestic Airport, Sahar Road, International Airport, Marol Naka, MIDC, Seepz and Goregaon.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Special services soon to clear Deepavali rushSpecial services soon to clear Deepavali rush
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 03.04PM IST
Tags:
Deepavali
(Southern Railway will soon…)
CHENNAI: Southern Railway will soon announce special services to clear the rush for Deepavali, a senior official said today.
"We will be announcing the trains for (clearing) Deepavali rush and then further on for Christman and New Year," Southern Railway General Manager Rakesh Misra told reporters here.
He recalled that the Railways had operated specials during Onam too.
Every year, Southern Railway operates special services during the Pongal and Deepavali festival seasons in the state.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Honda Cars on track for third plant in GujaratHonda Cars initiates process for third plant in Gujarat
ET Bureau Sep 13, 2014, 05.26AM IST
Tags:
Gujarat
(Honda Cars India has initiated…)
NEW DELHI: India's third largest carmaker Honda Cars India is planning to set up its third manufacturing plant of the country in Gujarat , with the aim of making India a major export hub in future. The fully-owned subsidiary of Honda Motor Company of Japan has two manufacturing plants at Greater Noida in Uttar Pradesh and Tapukara in Rajasthan with a cumulative installed capacity of 2.4 lakh per annum.
Honda Cars India senior vice president (marketing & sales) Jnaneswar Sen announced the carmaker's plan to initiate the land acquisition in Gujarat.
"The land acquisition is at a very preliminary phase. The third plant is part of Honda's long-term commitment to the Indian market. We are yet to finalise the plans for the third plant and the entire process is at a very preliminary stage," he said on the sidelines of annual convention of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers' in Delhi on Friday.
The company also plans to add the second shift operations at its Tapukara plant from November to cope with the rising demand for its popular sedans such as the City and Amaze manufactured at this facility. It currently has a production capacity of 60,000 units on a single shift basis.
"We have a lot of scope to enhance our production at the Tapukara plant that is spread over 450 acres and is almost thrice the 150-acre Greater Noida plant," Sen added.
Honda is the fastest growing car company in India as sales jumped 48 per cent to hit 73,119 units in the first five months of the current fiscal. The company plans to introduce the next-generation premium hatchback Jazz next year and also debut the new Accord sedan to increase its play in the Indian market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Auto industry expects to pick up this festival seasonAuto industry expects to pick up sales momentum this festival season
Ketan Thakkar, ET Bureau Sep 13, 2014, 05.06AM IST
Tags:
Anant Gete
(RC Bhargava, chairman of…)
NEW DELHI: After a long period of gloom, the auto industry is looking for some big celebrations this festival season. Car sales, a major barometer of consumer sentiment, are expected to grow at healthy double-digit rates during the period, while in the two-wheeler segment, sales momentum is poised to pick up.
A stable rupee is easing input pressure and a late improvement in monsoon has rain deficit much narrower than feared. Petrol price is falling, while there are signs of a diesel price correction too. The mood of optimism was palpable at the annual convention of Society of Indian Automobile Manufactures , where government authorities also extended their full support to a sector with turnover equivalent to 7.1 per cent of India's gross domestic product. Heavy industries minister Anant Gete said the government has decided to extend excise duty relief to the automobile sector until March next year, instead of this December.
RC Bhargava, chairman of Maruti Suzuki, said he anticipates 25 per cent growth in its festival season sales, which make up 25-30 per cent of company annual numbers. "First-time car buyers are coming back and it's the first sign of market revival," Rakesh Srivastava , senior vice president for sales & marketing at Hyundai Motor India , told ET. "This year we anticipate growth to be 5-15 per cent higher due to low base and a slew of new launches."
High-profile launches like the Honda Mobilio, new Hyundai i20 and Tata Zest have got good response with healthy bookings. Honda Cars India, Ford India and Fiat India (which also makes cars for Tata) are hiring, and adding new shifts to produce more vehicles. "The second half will be much better, the monsoon has recovered, the impact (of rain deficit) has minimised and it will further boost rural buying, we expect," said YS Guleria, senior vice president for sales and marketing at Honda Motorcycle & Scooters.
However, growth in the car space seems to be polarised, with only the top three - Maruti, Hyundai and Honda - expanding in the double digits. Nikunj Sanghi, a dealer of Mahindra & Mahindra and Hero MotoCorp and former president of the Federation of Automotive Dealers Association , said he is optimistic but worried about discounts. "We have never seen harakiri (suicide) like this before, especially with the MNCs and even with some of the leading players like Maruti Suzuki and Hyundai," he said. "What is the message we are giving to the customers?" According to Nigel Harris , managing director of Ford India, the industry has yet to get into a takeoff mode though there are green shoots on the horizon.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hero MotoCorp eyes sales of six lakh unitsHero MotoCorp eyes sales of six lakh units
Ashutosh Shyam, ET Bureau Sep 13, 2014, 05.10AM IST
Tags:
Hero MotoCorp
(“We are looking at higher…)
NEW DELHI: Hero MotoCorp is upbeat as the festival season begins, as the world's number one two-wheeler maker by volume expects the typically strong period to be even better this year, as consumer sentiment improves with a turnaround in the economy.
"We are looking at higher sales volume during the festive season this year as compared with the last year," said vice-chairman and managing director Pawan Munjal .
Hero MotoCorp is targeting sales of 6,00,000 units in the 40 days of festival season peaking around Diwali next month. Munjal didn't give the yearearlier number while speaking on the sidelines of an event organised by Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers . And, to achieve the target, it has lined up a dozen launches, most of which though would be upgrades of existing models.
Munjal said the company is looking at a price correction very soon, though he didn't elaborate on that. According to Munjal, the company has absorbed a rise in raw material cost over the past 12-18 months, which has put pressure on its margins. Early next year, it plans to introduce two new scooters and one motorcycle. It is also working on a hybrid vehicle and an electric model showcased at this year's auto expo.
The maker of Splendour and Passion motorcycles is increasingly looking at overseas markets to expand volume as it targets to sell 12 million two-wheelers by 2020, or about double the number it achieved last fiscal year. It is expected to commission two overseas plants - in Colombia and Bangladesh - sometime in 2015-16. The management expects exports to account for 10 per cent of sales in the next five years, from about 3 per cent now.
Talks for a tie-up to enter Argentina are at an advanced stage, Munjal said, adding that the company is also testing the Brazilian market. "These products are being tested to run on ethanol," he said. Brazil, one of the top producers of ethanol, has been increasingly blending it with petrol to reduce the dependence of fossil fuel.
With the commissioning of its fourth manufacturing plant at Neemrana in Rajasthan this June, the company can produce as many as 7.65 million units. It is now focusing on building more capacity from its two new plants. "Our new plant based in Gujarat will start operating from the third quarter of the next financial year, while we have reached advanced stage of talks over the finalization of a new plant in south India," Munjal said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jammu and Kashmir CM Omar Abdullah announces relief packageYou are here: Home > Collections > Ministers
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah announces relief package
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 05.30PM IST
Tags:
Chief Minister
(Omar also announced a financial…)
SRINAGAR: Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah today announced a package of relief for those affected by the worst floods in a century including a Rs 200 crore assistance for Jammu region and the valley and Rs 3.5 lakh for the kin of those who lost their lives in the disaster.
Addressing a press conference at the airport, Omar also announced a financial assistance of Rs 75,000 as initial instalment for those who lost their homes and for rebuilding them.
The ex-gratia for the kin of the deceased will include Rs 2 lakh announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi earlier.
Free ration will be supplied to the affected for six months which includes 50 kgs of rice and authorities have been asked not to insist on documents, the Chief Minister said.
Announcing a slew of decisions taken by the state government, Omar said a team of six senior ministers led by Finance Minister Abdul Rahim Rather has been sent to apprise the Prime Minister of the situation in the state in the aftermath of the natural calamity.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Manmohan could have stopped 2G scam: Vinod Rai2G scam
(The thrust of ex-CAG Vinod…)
NEW DELHI: If former prime minister Manmohan Singh had reacted with greater alacrity to two letters sent by the then telecom minister A Raja in late 2007, the eventual decimation of the UPA government could have been averted along with the Rs 1.76 lakh crore 2G spectrum scam, former Comptroller and Auditor General of India Vinod Rai told ET.
Instead, Singh sent what Rai calls a template response to Raja's letters in November and December 2007. These letters outlined his plan of action for the issuance of 2G spectrum licences using the firstcome, first-served route. "I have received your letter regarding recent developments in the telecom sector," Singh wrote back on both occasions, the only difference being the date — November 21, 2007 and January 3, 2008.
"I have thought so much about this and asked several people but still don't know why such a routine response was sent to Raja. All the prime minister needed to do was ask the minister to bring the issue to the group of ministers on the subject and we could have stopped the scam in its tracks. It shows inadequate application of mind," Rai said.
In his book, Not Just An Accountant, released on Friday, Rai also highlights a remark made by Singh at the time the CAG was conducting a special audit of gas blocks allocated under the NELP, including the Krishna Godavari D-6 block operated by Reliance Industries Limited."Reliance is one of our largest, most respected and best-known companies with a global reach," Singh told Rai, adding that the ongoing audit shouldn't act as adampener on the private sector's enthusiasm to partner with the government.
Rai emphasised that the PM's remark on Reliance was not aimed at getting the auditor to go easy on the company."Singh genuinely believed that Reliance being an Indian company must be given some preferential treatment vis-a-vis foreign players.
The discussion was triggered when I told the PM that the production sharing contract must be reviewed as it is skewed in favour of the private players and not the government," the ex-CAG said. "Every time the operator (Reliance Industries Limited) made claims, it was acceded to by the management committee, director general of hydrocarbons or the ministry of petroleum and natural gas. Each time that it was acceded to, the action was detrimental to government interest," Rai concludes in the book.
This is just one of many intriguing interactions between Singh and Rai, who was blamed by Congress ministers for causing the policy paralysis in UPA-II.
In his no-holds-barred account, Rai has charged the UPA with actively fostering crony capitalism and taking no action to protect government interests across sectors -- oil, coal, spectrum, aviation and highways. "The buck stops with the PM, but this wasn't his failure alone.
The PM cannot be responsible for every small thing and depends on the information and analysis fed to him by secretaries and ministers," Rai said, adding that there were different reasons for each scam such as no cohesion between departments, missing leadership, rules being changed mid-way and lopsided contracts. All meetings between Singh and Rai were cordial and learning experiences, Rai has said in the book that he claimed he had no intention of writing when he retired in May 2013.
"After I retired, innuendos about my tenure and the CAG's office that is apolitical and competent, persisted. To call our younger officers untrained and incapable of performance audits was very unfair and I wanted to motivate the geNext who have lost their morale, within the CAG and in the country at large, to understand the flaws in our governance," he told ET.
The warmth between Singh and Rai evaporated on November 16, 2010 when the CAG completed 150 years. At the official function in Vigyan Bhawan that morning, Singh was visibly upset with Rai and voiced his disagreements with the CAG's conclusions in its report on 2G spectrum allocation.
The 2G scam report, that alleged a notional loss of Rs 1.76 lakh crore to the exchequer, had been presented to Parliament that day. Both Singh and then president Pratibha Patil regretted an invite for a reception at Rai's residence that evening.
Taking a big picture view on the issue that he believes is directly related to rising bad loans in public sector banks, Rai writes: "To some extent, such cronyism could have been overlooked, had the cronies actually delivered. Sadly, because they didn't, our infrastructure remains mired in controversy and burdened by financial difficulties."
"We have had examples of cronyism at its worst — with contracts being rigged, and 'cronies' being advised to bid at rates that ensure that their bids are winners. Once the bid is accepted, the saga of concessions starts," he writes.
Pulok Chatterji Note

Ahead of Maha polls  Congress & NCP iron out differencesAhmed Patel
(“Out of 9 seats that Congress…)
MUMBAI: Congress will part with nine extra seats to NCP for the Maharashtra assembly polls, top leaders told ET. Congress would contest 165 seats and NCP 123 seats, according to an agreement reached between top leaders of both parties.
"Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel and NCP leader Praful Patel would sit through the final round of discussion and announce the formula for Maharashtra assembly polls very soon," a top state leader of the NCP told ET. "We decided at a meeting held by Sharad Pawar on Monday that only two top leaders should now meet to finalise the list. The process is likely to be completed before the weekend," he added.
In 2009, Congress had contested 174 seats, while NCP fielded candidates in 114 constituencies out of a total 288. NCP wanted 144 seats this time, but Congress rejected the demand, following which there were four rounds of talks with NCP leaders to reach a mutually agreeable pact.
"Thought there has been some disagreement over seat sharing, it is certain that we will finally reach a seat-sharing pact. There was a demand from activists and party workers in most places that we should get 50% seats, which we put forth. We might be close to reaching an agreement now," Maharashtra's Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar said.
NCP feels that it still retains foothold in western Maharashtra and wants to get as many seats from the region. There are some disagreements over many seats in Konkan, where NCP has recently made inroads but Congress insists on more seats.
"Out of the nine seats that Congress would offer NCP from its quota, eight seats are where independents candidates have won in 2009 assembly polls," said an officebearer of the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee .
FEATURED ARTICLES

What is Love Jihad  asks Home Minister Rajnath SinghYou are here: Home > Collections > Government
What is Love Jihad? Home Minister Rajnath Singh ducks bouncers in maiden briefing
ET Bureau Sep 13, 2014, 12.10AM IST
Tags:
Home Minister
(The home minister declined…)
NEW DELHI: Rajnath Singh said the ministry of home affairs (MHA) had "got off to a terrific start" in the first 100 days of the Narendra Modi government, while ducking questions on so-called 'Love Jihad', Yogi Adityanath's arrest and forming a government in Delhi.
"In the home ministry, you don't hit fours and sixes," Singh said at his first press conference since taking over as home minister, employing a cricketing analogy. He said the home ministry's work was akin to Test cricket and not a 20-20 match.
"You have to establish an innings and play a long one... You may have to play two innings," said Singh, who was recently in the news over rumour-mongering regarding alleged influence-peddling by his son that the home minister had condemned.
Singh's successor as BJP president, Amit Shah, had told ET in an interview earlier this week that Love Jihad was more of a media creation but added that he saw nothing wrong in the BJP responding to "a grave social problem" in "genuine cases of injustice". The party is campaigning against the supposed trend of inter-religious marriage being used as a vehicle for conversion to Islam.
"What is this?" Singh asked, when posed a question on the issue. "First, you tell me its definition."
The home minister declined to be drawn over moves to arrest BJP hardline campaigner Yogi Adityanath over alleged anti-Muslim comments, saying "the law will take its course."
He was noncommittal on the issue of the BJP wanting to form the Delhi state government, as mentioned by Shah.
Singh said Delhi lieutenant governor (LG) Najeeb Jung had not sought the home ministry's advice regarding government formation. "The MHA's opinion has not been asked for. It is the LG's discretion," he said.
He offered a measured response to the question of who was Number 2 in the government and his relations with the Prime Minister.
"Modiji is our respected Prime Minister. I am a minister... and I am the home minister. My relations with Modi have been cordial, are cordial and will be cordial," Singh said.
When asked about government interference in inquiries by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Singh wondered whether the question pertained to the tenure of the previous government or the current one.
"In our government, no such thing is possible," Singh said. He also advised media to have "patience" when asked of any action plan to capture Dawood Ibrahim, said to be based in Pakistan and wanted in India for masterminding terrorist attacks and heading an organized crime syndicate.
He said the BJP-led government should be given credit for the bifurcation of Andhra Pradesh and the formation of Telangana state. The Andhra Pradesh Reorganisation Act was passed by during the tenure of the previous government while the new state came into being on the appointed date of June 2 by when the BJP had come to power.
Singh said the ministry was preparing comprehensive policies and an action plan for dealing with left-wing extremism, terrorism in Kashmir and insurgency in the North-East.
"There should be no crisis of credibility and difference between our words and deeds. Countrymen should not be scared as the government is ready for any security challenge. I am appealing to the Maoist ideologues to ask Maoists to shun the path of violence. We will talk to anyone who shuns violence," Singh said. On a question about whether elections in Jammu and Kashmir will be delayed following devastating floods there, Singh said any call on this would be taken by the Election Commission.
The government was also drawing up a plan to deal with the security vacuum that could be created by the withdrawal of NATO troops from Afghanistan next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Now  Kamal Nath says Manmohan Singh may have made a mistakeNow, Kamal Nath says Manmohan Singh may have made a mistake
ET Bureau Sep 13, 2014, 12.13AM IST
("He may have made a mistake.…)
NEW DELHI: Former Union minister Kamal Nath has acknowledged that he had warned then prime minister Manmohan Singh about some issues in the allocation of 2G licenses, as stated in former CAG Vinod Rai's book.
Nath said on Friday that he had cautioned Manmohan Singh and wrote to him about concerns about the manner in which the 2G licenses were being distributed by then telecom minister A Raja. Nath said he also felt had Singh responded by acting differently, things would have been different for UPA and Congress.
"I wrote to the prime minister and I spoke to him. I wrote to him saying that there are certain matters of concern and that a committee should be appointed. I do not remember exactly what I wrote, but I did write to him. I cautioned the prime minister. I suggested a committee because I was concerned from what I was hearing and learning. I was assimilating that things were getting derailed. I am sure that if he (Manmohan Singh) had acted differently, may be things would have been different."
Nath said he could not corroborate Rai's claim that Congress MPs Sandeep Dikshit, Ashwani Kumar and Sanjay Nirupam tried to influence the CAG report. "I do not know whether they (Congress MPs) did so or no. I think they need to respond to this, not me. I doubt they would have asked for reports to be fudged." Nath questioned the logic of Rai, "raking up old scams" in his book.
"This (alleged scams of UPA regime) is now a dead horse. It is a thing of the past. It is very easy to be smart and knowledgeable in retrospect," he said. AICC chose to tread carefully on Nath remarks by saying his statements should not be "distorted" to claim that he endorsed Rai's claims. "Please don't distort Nath's remarks. He has not endorsed any of the allegations or the conclusions that Vinod Rai has made against the UPA regime or against the former prime minister, AICC spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi said.
Nath's statement has come as the latest embarrassment for Congress, after Sheila Dikshit's. One view in the party is that he was only acknowledging the fact that he had written a letter to the PM. But others see in his statement a reflection of his anger for being overlooked for the post of Congress floor leader in the Lok Sabha. Some Congress leaders feel, "this kind of discordant voices could grow in the party due to its poor shape and due to the looming shadow of the Modi government."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mercedes-Benz E 350 CDI launchedPlease answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Get a Quote
Browse Companies
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z | 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
Browse Mutual Funds

2014 Skoda Yeti facelift launched at Rs 18.63 lakh2014 Skoda Yeti facelift launched at Rs 18.63 lakh
11 Sep, 2014
Source: indianautosblog.com
Skoda Auto India on September 10, 2014 launched the 2014 Skoda Yeti in Mumbai, Maharashtra. The Yeti facelift (only available in the top-end Elegance variant) is priced as follows -
2014 Skoda Yeti Facelift Prices:
2014 Skoda Yeti Facelift 4x2 - Rs 18.63 lakh
2014 Skoda Yeti Facelift 4x4 - Rs 20.14 lakh
Note: Prices are ex-Showroom, Maharashtra.

Property Investment: Favourite Cities of NRIsOil Hits 26-Month Low Under $97 on Weak China Data
New Delhi: Property developers are expecting a 35 per cent surge in real estate enquiries from NRIs (non-resident Indians) with Bangalore turning out to be a favourite, according to a survey by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (Assocham).
To tap the growing interest, which comes at a time when the global economy is stabilising and India is showing strong signs of revival, real estate companies here are pulling out all the stops by conducting property shows, exhibitions and opening overseas representative offices.
Developers are also expanding their existing distribution chains and entering into strategic partnerships to encourage investors from this cash-rich segment, the industry body said.
The survey was conducted among nearly 850 real estate developers in Delhi-NCR, Chandigarh, Mumbai, Kolkata, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Pune, Dehradun, Chennai etc.
Bangalore was the most favourite property investment destination for NRIs, followed by Ahmedabad, Pune, Chennai, Goa, Delhi and Dehradun, the survey showed.
The enquiries are primarily coming from NRIs residing in the UAE, the US, Singapore, Australia, the UK, Canada and South Africa.
This year, demand is more for the high-end property and commercial buildings, developers say.
"With the revival in global economy, especially in the United States and Europe, people are more optimistic and looking for property to invest in."
"Both small and big developers are focusing on the NRI base in the US, the UK and Asia Pacific region this year," Assocham Secretary General D S Rawat said.
As per the findings of the survey, Ahemdabad (32 per cent) continued to be the most stable market in terms of demand and absorption of both residential and commercial spaces.
NRIs consider Ahmedabad as a safe place to invest in, with lenient government regulations for property investments. Pune was at the third position (30.5 per cent), as per the survey, whereas Chennai (28 per cent) was at the 4th spot and Goa (23 per cent) at the 5th place.
In Delhi, there has been a 21 per cent rise in enquiries this year as opposed to last year  and a majority of them have been for the residential segment.
Catering to the growing demand in the high-end segment, Delhi has also emerged among the promising markets for real estate, the survey showed.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 22:32 (IST)

Royal prank radio station donates to India-born nurse Jacintha Saldanha s familySatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

L&T  Tata Among 9 in Fray for Colaba-Seepz Metro ProjectJ&K Floods: LIC Eases Claim Settlement Rules
Mumbai: Ahead of the Maharashtra Assembly polls scheduled for October 15, the Rs 23,136-crore Colaba-Seepz Metro project, which is the single largest infra investment in the megapolis to date, got off to a flying start with nine out of the 14 bidders clearing the eligibility criteria.
As many as 14 consortia put up their bids for proposals in the pre-bidding process, out of which nine cleared the eligibility criteria for the 32.5-km underground metro, according to the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA).
The nine consortia which have qualified in the pre-bid process include Pallonji Mistry's Afcons Infrastructure- Kyivmetrobud; the Tatas-led Continental Engineering Corporation-ITD Cementation India-Tata Projects; Dogus-Soma, and IL&FS Engineering & Construction-China Railway 25th Bureau Group.
J Kumar Infraprojects-China Railway 3 Engineering Group, L&T-Shanghai Tunnel Engineering, OSJC Moscow Metrostroy-Hindustan Construction Company, Pratibha Industries-Guandong Tuantian Engineering, and Unity Infraprojects-IVRCL-China Railway Tunnel Group are the remaining consortia.
The Mumbai Metro Rail Corporation (MMRC), which is implementing the mega project, will now issue request for proposal and the process is expected to be completed by December after which the work is likely to commence from next year.
On August 26, Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan had laid the foundation stone of the project paving way for the commencement of construction work which is being implemented on EPC (engineering, procurement and construction) basis.
The MMRC had invited re-qualification bids last September. However, due to certain issues raised by bidders on the eligibility criteria, the MMRC re-invited the bids for detailed design and construction of underground stations and tunnels bids on January 31.
In July, MMRC had invited tenders for civil and other development work at the metro car depot worth Rs 129.32 crore in Aarey Colony, Goregaon.
The government has signed a loan agreement with Japanese funding agency JICA which will provide nearly 57 per cent of the total cost of the project, or Rs 13,235 crore.
The Centre and the state will equally contribute the remaining 43 per cent equity for the project. Further, Rs 777 crore will also be borne by the Mumbai International Airport, since the metro will pass through the MIAL areas.
The Colaba-Seepz Metro will comprise 27 stations, out of which 26 will be underground and the one at the Aarey Colony, Goregaon, will be at the ground level.
The corridor is expected to carry 13.9 lakh commuters daily by 2021 and 17 lakh by 2031.
The 27 Metro stations are Cuffe Parade, Vidhan Bhavan, Churchgate, Hutatma Chowk, CST, Kalbadevi, Girgaon, Grant Road, Mumbai Central, Mahalaxmi, Science Museum, Acharya Atre Chowk, Worli, Siddhi Vinayak, Dadar, Shitaladevi Temple, Dharavi, BKC, Vidya Nagari, Santacruz, Domestic Airport, Sahar Road, International Airport, Marol Naka, MIDC, Seepz and Goregaon.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 23:03 (IST)

Eurozone leaders warn on fiscal rulesSeptember 12, 2014 6:34 pm
Eurozone leaders warn on fiscal rules
By Peter Spiegel in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b1520212-3a8b-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sushil Modi joins scam  letter war  against Nitish KumarSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

With all that jazz  Russia has a soft launch in CrimeaKoktebel (Crimea), September 14, 2014
Updated: September 14, 2014 02:49 IST
With all that jazz, Russia has a soft launch in Crimea
Smita Gupta
A musician at the Koktobel Jazz Party. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOPICS
Russia
Six months after the “reunification” of the picturesque Crimean peninsula with Russia, an annual jazz festival that started here in 2003 — when it was part of Ukraine — opened here on Friday evening to music that kept around a thousand aficionados glued to their spots on the sands till well after midnight. The audience was largely Russian, some locals but many who had flown in from Moscow and St. Petersburg.
The political subtext of holding the event in Crimea pulling in some — though not as many as the organisers would have wished — international jazz musicians was only too evident. “This is a significant event in the jazz world, not just Crimea,” Russian Culture Minister Vladimir Medinsky said, “so we are very pleased that in spite of political changes, the festival continues.”
Indeed, the Russian Culture Ministry’s support to the Koktebel Jazz Party — named thus to distinguish it from its predecessor, the Koktebel Jazz Festival — is part of its efforts to market Crimea as a tourist destination to rival destinations such as Turkey. It’s also part of celebrations for the Year of Culture in Crimea.
Mr. Medinsky listed other events on the calendar: a military historical festival that opened on Saturday near Sevastopol, to which he expected “thousands of visitors from different countries, lovers of history and culture”; the Moscow Circus and the Russian State Circus that are already touring the region; and a series of theatre events and museum exhibitions.
With western nations yet to accept the Crimean peninsula a part of Russia, the government is clearly making all efforts to put its stamp on the region that can only be accessed from there either by air or by sea. A priority project, therefore, is to build a six-kilometre long bridge between Russia’s Krasnodar territory and Crimea across the Kerch Straits.
Indeed, Dmitry Kiselev, Director General of Rossiya Segodnya, Jazz Party’s chief organiser, and the host of what is probably Russia’s most popular, if provocative, news talk show tells The Hindu: “Ukraine never saw the Crimea as part of its territory: it didn’t build roads or marinas; it made no investments here, it only built houses for the rich with high fences around them. There were no local water sources; they couldn’t organise electricity supply. Russia has already discovered water here and it is going to build a lot of infrastructure here.”
Mr. Kiselev, regarded by many as President Vladimir Putin’s “chief propagandist” — a description he brushes aside as a “stereotype” — says the Koktebel Jazz Party’s objective is to start a dialogue: “Jazz is about dialogue, and we want to have a dialogue with the world, make it understand that Crimea is Russian territory, the Crimean people are happy, and that we are open to cultural influences from abroad.”
As one of the Jazz Festival’s original founders when it first started here in 2003, Mr. Kiselev is in a unique position: his Ukrainian partners have taken the festival to Odessa this year, further along the Black Sea coast, but he says he would have welcomed their holding it here in Koktebel: “When I created this festival with them, I did it as a foreigner. There were no obstacles to their continuing to do so this time, too, but Ukraine has a new law that sees Crimea as “occupied territory”.
So there is a political message? “If some people want to feel it in their subconscious, they are free to do so,” Mr Kiselev says, adding, “if there is one, it is positive — that Russia is ready to develop Crimea.”

Uddhav airs CM ambitions: If people want  Ill lead stateUddhav, whose relation with BJP is under strain over seat-sharing for the assembly poll, also sought to assert the pre-eminence of Shiv Sena in Maharashtra politics. (Source: PTI photo)
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 13, 2014 3:52 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 4:16 am
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray Saturday expressed his desire to occupy the chief minister’s post in Maharashtra, which is going to polls on October 15.
Thackeray, who was participating in a programme in Mumbai hosted by a TV channel, said, “I don’t day-dream or hanker for power. But if I get an opportunity to head the state, I will not shy away from the responsibility.”
“In the Lok Sabha polls, the people of India wanted change. Narendra Modi emerged as an alternative face, which was acceptable to the people.
Similarly, in Maharashtra, the people are looking for a change. If people repose their confidence in me, I will surely lead the state,” the Shiv Sena president said while fielding questions from other participants in the programme. “After all, I am son of Bal Thackeray. I have always firmly stood for a cause and delivered results. I have never run away from any responsibilities,” he said.
On the seat-sharing negotiations with the ally BJP, Thackeray said, “There is nothing like big brother or small brother. We believe each alliance partner should be treated with dignity and given their due.”
Taking a dig at his rivals (read MNS chief Raj Thackeray), he said, “Even I live along the seashore. I have seen waves rolling. I am used to taking waves in my stride. I don’t run away from problems.”
The Sena and BJP, which entered into an alliance 25 years ago, had set a formula that whichever of the two parties won more seats in the Assembly polls would stake the claim for chief ministerial post.
Chavan to fight maiden Assembly election from Karad South, says Wife Pune
CM Prithviraj Chavan is set to contest the upcoming Assembly polls from Karad South constituency in Satara district, his wife Satvasheela Chavan told the The Sunday Express. The CM, a member of the Legislative Council who will be fighting Assembly polls for the first time, is said to have been looking for a safe seat. Satvasheela, who was in Pimpri on Saturday to conduct a workshop for women Congress workers, said she had already been campaigning in the constituency. Though Karad South is considered to be a safe seat, Chavan may have a problem at hand. For 20 years now, the seat has been represented by Vikaskaka Patil Undalkar of the Congress, who is reportedly not ready to drop out of the race.
 

Bypolls: Voting held for 3 Lok Sabha  33 Assembly seatsAn elderly woman shows her inked finger outside a polling station after voting in the bypolls in Nagaon district of Assam on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Express News Service | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:39 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 9:22 am
Moderate to high turnout on Saturday marked the byelections held in three Lok Sabha and 33 Assembly constituencies across several states in an exercise seen as yet another test of the Narendra Modi government’s popularity since assuming power in May. Polling was held peacefully across all states.
The three Lok Sabha bypolls are in Vadodara (Gujarat), Mainpuri (UP) and Medak (Telangana). Among the Assembly seats, nine in Gujarat, four in Rajasthan, two in West Bengal, five in Northeastern states and one each in Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh went to polls Saturday. Counting is scheduled for September 16.
Both of PM Modi former constituencies — Vadodara and Maninagar — registered comparatively low turnouts. The overall polling percentage was 50.
Maninagar Assembly seat, last represented by Modi as MLA, recorded the lowest polling at around 33.5 per cent while the Vadodara Lok Sabha seat saw about 43.5 per cent, compared to the 70 per cent in the LS polls in May.
In the Vadodara Lok Sabha and nine Assembly seats that went to bypolls, the average voter turnout was 50 per cent. The tribal Limkheda seat saw the highest voting at 64 per cent while Maninagar saw the lowest turnout.
More than 10,000 people residing in different flood-affected localities in Vadodara decided to boycott the election in protest against the apathy of the administration.
In UP, the byelections for 11 Assembly seats and one Lok Sabha seat witnessed a turnout of 53.18 per cent and 56.40 per cent respectively.
Urban seats of Lucknow East and Noida saw the lowest voter turnout at 34 and 32.50 per cent respectively. Thakurdwara Assembly segment of Moradabad district witnessed the maximum voter turnout with 69 per cent voters. Mainpuri Lok Sabha seat, which was vacated by SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav, saw a 56.40 per cent turnout.
In Chhattisgarh, the bypoll for the Antagarh Assembly seat in Maoist-hit Kanker district saw a drastic dip in polling percentage — from the 77 per cent recorded in the November 2013 polls to 49 per cent.
The byelection for the Manu (ST) Assembly seat in Tripura saw a record turnout. Joint Chief Electoral Officer Debasish Modak said: “Roughly 87 per cent voters exercised their franchise”.
Nearly 70 per cent polling was recorded in the byelection for three Assembly seats in Assam, to decide the fate of 25 contestants in Silchar, Lakhipur and Jamunamukh.
Over 65 per cent polling was reported in the bypoll for the Medak Lok Sabha seat in Telangana and the Nandigama (SC) Assembly seat in Andhra Pradesh, as polling came to a close at 6 pm.
A total of 66.30 per cent electorate cast their votes in bypolls to four Assembly seats in Rajasthan. Twenty-three candidates are in the fray for the Nasirabad (Ajmer), Weir (Bharatpur), Surajgarh (Jhunjhunu) and Kota South constituencies.
Voting in two Assembly constituencies that went to bypolls in West Bengal saw a slight dip in percentage. The turnout at Chowringhee was 47 per cent while Basirhat South recorded a turnout of 79.59 per cent. Overall turnout was 63 per cent.
(With inputs from Ahmedabad, Kolkata, Raipur, Lucknow & PTI)

Chelsea s Diego Costa grabs hat-trick  Manchester City draw at ArsenalSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Real Madrid beaten by Atletico Madrid  Neymar lifts BarcelonaSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Bihar: Minors beaten up  paraded bare-chested  tied to trees for talking togirlsPrint
Written by Santosh Singh | Patna | Posted: September 14, 2014 11:21 am
Four minors from an East Champaran village was allegedly beaten up, paraded bare-chested with their heads partly tonsured and tied to trees for talking to girls of another village. The incident took place under Pipra police stations where cases were lodged from both sides on Saturday.
The incident took place when minors, aged between 14 and 16 years, had reached Bakhari village from adjoining Hardiabagh village and were “seen talking some girls of Bakhari in a village orchard”. Some village elders caught hold of the boys and allegedly beat them up before partly tonsuring their heads and later parading them bare-chested in the village.
While the four boys kept pleading that they had visited Gramin bank at the village, Bakhari villagers were not convinced enough. The boys were allegedly tied to trees and were made to spend night in that position till Pipra police got to know about the incident on Saturday morning after family members of four boys complained about the boys not having returned homes on Friday night.
Pipra police station in-charge Shashibhushan Kumar said: “We rescued the boys and brought to the police station. There is prima facie evidence of torture. We found the boys’ heads were partially tonsured and marks of their having been tied to trees. But there are cases from both sides. We will talk to both sides to know the full story”. No arrest has been made so far.

Intex IT-5000 SUF GLO review: A bit too colourful  but the music isrightThe Intex IT-5000 SUF GLO costs Rs 4,300
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 14, 2014 11:14 am
While it has been becoming popular as one of India’s largest smartphone brands, it is hard to forget that Intex was primarily an accessory maker. Intex too keeps reminding us of the same with products that have a good value equation to the user. The company has recently launched the IT-5000 SUF GLO 5.1 speakers for PCs and I have been using them for a couple of weeks.
Design
The design is very stylish with the front of the speakers five speakers reminding you of Alienware computers. However, the front is all plastic and might put off some people. The woofer also reflects a similar design thinking and would fit right next to a gaming console. It has a jog dial with LEDs for volume control and a simple LED display to help you figure out the source. Under the job dial is an arc of buttons for other shifting source, switching on pro-logic and tuning the radio. But the biggest design feature of the entire system is the LED effects that dominate the woofer box. There are six combinations of lights which change as regular intervals, even when the speaker is not playing anything. There is a full function remove, which makes life easy.
Performance
The entire unit is very easy to set up, but make sure you keep the speakers a fair distance away from each other for maximum effect. The IT-5000 is one of those units that all possible source options for an average user. Intex has been doing this for long. I should know, for I have been using an IT-4850 for many years.
The FM is clear and soothing, though you will need to push up the volume to really enjoy the music. But that is more to do with the quality of broadcasts in India and not the speakers. The set comes it an wire antenna behind. It is also quite easy to scan between stations, though I would have loved to see channel options, at least on the remote.
You can also play directly by plugging in a USB or SD card on the top of the controller box. The audio quality here is definitely much better and it recognizes almost all file types. Another good thing here is that source automatically switches to USB when you plug in a pen drive.
Connected to the PC, the IT-5000 can become a full fledged audio system. You will need to switch on the Pro-Logic to get all the speakers to work, but the audio quality is pretty good.  It is for sure a bit heavy on the bass and there is no way to adjust it, but you can live with it. Placed right, it can also give a good surround sound feel while watching movies.
Negatives
The blinking lights on the speaker might be fun, but they can be irritating if you are trying watch a movie on the PC with continued…

India-bound Malaysia Airlines flight returns back after an auto-pilot defect; passengers and crewsafePrint
In this photo taken on Friday, Aug. 29, 2014, a Malaysia Airlines plane approaches to land at Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang in Malaysia. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Kuala Lumpur | Posted: September 14, 2014 10:55 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 11:57 am
An India-bound flight of Malaysia Airlines was forced to return due to an auto-pilot defect, landing safely here on Sunday, said the carrier already hit by the twin tragedies this year. Flight MH198 from Kuala Lumpur to Hyderabad departed at 10.20pm last night but the Boeing 737-800 turned back due to an auto-pilot defect and landed safely at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport at 2.01am today, it said in a statement.
“The defect did not have any impact on the safety of the aircraft or passengers, however, as a precautionary measure, the operating Captain decided to turn back,” the airline said. It refuted reports on social media that the aircraft caught fire. Initial reports had said that the plane had to make an emergency landing due to “burning fuel”.
The airline said that upon arrival, passengers and crew disembarked safely and were given accommodation at nearby hotels. The flight has been rescheduled to operate as MH198D and will depart Kuala Lumpur at 12pm on Sunday.
The airline said it regretted the disruption to its guests’ travel plans but reiterated that safety of its passengers was its priority. Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 with 239 people aboard lost contact on March 8. No trace of any wreckage has been found so far.
Another flight MH17 was shot down by a missile over eastern Ukraine on July 17, killing all 289 people aboard.

Australian Customs for closer ties with Indian customs agencyAustralian Customs for closer ties with Indian customs agency
KR Srivats
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
Australia and India have agreed to an annual cycle of joint working group to promote closer cooperation between the customs agencies of the two countries.
The joint working group mechanism will focus on sharing of technical expertise, people exchange and information exchange, the Chief Executive of Australian Customs and Border Protection, Mike Puzzello, said.
Plans are afoot to move from a transaction-by-transaction-based approach to information sharing to a more institutionalised arrangement, Puzzello told Business Line in an interview here.
Puzzello, who was in the apital for the inaugural meeting of the Joint Working Group, said both sides will work towards rapid dissemination of information if not real time information exchange.
Asked to comment on the current level of cooperation between the customs agencies of the two counties, he said it was good.
"It can be much better now that the Prime Ministers of both the countries have set very ambitious goals and targets to achieve."
Besides the bilateral talks with Central Board of Excise and Customs (CBEC) Chairperson, JM Shanthi Sundharam, Puzzello also met Director General of Narcotics Control Board and Indian Coast Guard.
In his meetings with Indian counterparts, Puzzello discussed regional security issues not just in Indian ocean but across the broader Asia Pacific region.
"Australia and India should think as to how their bilateral partnership can be used to drive regional leadership."
While India was the past Chair of Indian Ocean Regional Association, Australia is the current Chair.
"One of the consistent discussion points was how do we work together across the Indian ocean region to faciltate legitimate trade and travel and work against smuglers, criminals and terrorists," Puzzello said.
TRUSTED, TRIED OUT
Australia intends to investigate the Indian Authorised Economic Operators (AEO) programme put in place by customs authorities here.
This will help Australia in rolling out its Trusted, Tried Out Programme--equivalent of AEO--from, say July 1, 2016.
AEO programme is now the preferred model for customs collaboration around the world.
The biggest benefit is dramatic reduction in paperwork for companies and cutting down of red tape, Puzzello said.
He also said mutual recognition of each other's programme was also a distinct possibility in the coming years.

Survey: Economy to grow at 5.6% in FY15Survey: Economy to grow at 5.6% in FY’15
PTI
Tweet
While agricultural growth is expected to remain steady despite a weak monsoon, the industrial sector is expected to grow by 4.7 per cent in FY15, which is 1.6 percentage points more than the growth estimate in the previous survey in June.
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
The Indian economy will expand by 5.6 per cent during 2014-15 even as the Reserve Bank is not likely to cut interest rates this year, according to FICCI’s latest Economic Outlook Survey.
“The new Government, guided by the objective of restoring growth and governance, has given very positive policy signals in its first 100 days. We see the confidence amongst investors slowly returning and hope that going ahead the momentum on the implementation front will build up,” said the survey.
The economists who participated in the survey also felt that RBI will consider a cut in policy rates only in the first quarter next year, as household inflationary expectations remain high.
The central bank will wait and watch until there are definite signs of inflationary pressure abating, they said.
Retail inflation is expected at 7.8 per cent this fiscal, in sync with RBI’s indication earlier this year.
The minimum and maximum range for GDP growth in the current fiscal is indicated at 5.3 per cent and 6 per cent respectively, as against 5.3 per cent estimated in the previous round of the FICCI Survey.
This reflects a clear return in optimism and economic activity is expected to continue with this momentum in the second half of the current fiscal year as well, FICCI said.
While agricultural growth is expected to remain steady despite a weak monsoon, outlook for the industrial sector seems to have improved considerably. It is expected to grow by 4.7 per cent in FY15, which is 1.6 percentage points more than the growth estimate in the previous survey round in June.
The growth in the services sector is expected to remain pretty much at similar levels as was reported last time. The sector is likely to grow by 6.9 per cent in FY15.
The prognosis made by economists with regard to exports and current account deficit reflected no imminent risks. The CAD to GDP ratio for FY15 was projected at 1.9 per cent. They also felt that the macro-economic fundamentals are gradually strengthening and the overall health of the economy is set to improve going ahead.
The economists also identified priority areas for the Government: developing world-class infrastructure; provision of uninterrupted power supply; resolving labour issues; reducing cost and duration of land acquisition; minimising procedural hassles and fast-tracking approvals and development of innovation hubs with world class amenities including lab and testing facilities.
Besides, the economists said, Government should enhance credit to small and medium enterprises; simplify taxation policies to bring down the time and cost involved in filing returns; and introduce Goods & Services Tax at the earliest.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Consumer durable cos expect festive sales to ring in  Acche DinPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 11:15 AM IST
Consumer durable cos expect festive sales to ring in 'Acche Din'
Discounts, cash back and extended warranty schemes are also being employed to boost festive demand
Consumer durable makers like Sony, LG, Panasonic and Whirlpool are expecting up to 35% growth in the upcoming festive season and are pulling out all stops as the sector eyes a rebound from a prolonged slump.
To attract buyers, durable makers are offering freebies like hard disk drive, DVD players, carrying case and accessories. Discounts, cash back and extended warranty schemes are also being employed to boost festive demand.
Sony, which is expecting sales of Rs 5,100 crore during the August to November period, has earmarked Rs 250 crore for its marketing budget push sales.
"Coupled with the boost in the customer sentiment, we are expecting to close the festive season with sales of Rs 5,100 crore with a growth of 25% over corresponding period last year," Sony India, Head Sales, Sunil Nayyar told PTI.
South Korean maker LG is expecting 35% jump in sales during the festive sales due to positive sentiments.
"We are witnessing boost in consumers' confidence on hope of an economic recovery. Consumer sentiment is picking up and we are very upbeat," said LG India, VP Sales, Sanjeev Agarwal.
Industry officials also feel that the new government has ushered in a sense of greater stability in consumers.
Panasonic India, Managing Director, Manish Sharma said: "We believe that the new government has resulted in a higher consumer confidence and stable rupee, which will definitely lead to an upsurge in sales this season".
Panasonic, which is expecting 25% growth in sales as compared to the same period last year, is spending Rs 85 crore for the marketing initiatives and has run special campaign during the festive season on its Viera range of TV, microwaves, refrigerators and washing Machines.
However, Whirlpool of India Vice-President Corporate Affairs and strategy Asia South Shantanu Dasgupta says there is optimism in consumer sentiment but it would not be as good as 2009 and 2010, when industry had posted 30-40 per cent growth.
"We see a certain sense of optimism in consumer sentiment. The reality, however, is that cost of living has gone up, food inflation is high, and interest rates have not come down," he said.
Whirlpool of India is expecting 20% growth in volumes during September to November and would spend Rs 12 crore on media campaigns.
"We will be launching a television campaign specially created for Diwali. We will also support the promotion in print, radio and digital," Dasgupta said.
Companies are also adding new products in their line up before the onset of the festive period and offering interesting mix of promotional offers on their flagship products.
 Advertisements

Asus aims to be among top 5 smartphone players next yearPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 11:10 AM IST
Asus aims to be among top 5 smartphone players next year
Betting on the success of its Zenfone series of smartphones, Taiwanese tech major Asus is targeting to be among the top five players in the smartphone space in India by the end of 2015
Betting on the success of its Zenfone series of smartphones, Taiwanese tech major Asus is targeting to be among the top five players in the smartphone space in India by the end of 2015.
"By the end of next year, our target is to be among the top 5. The response for the Zenfone series have been very good. We have sold over 1 lakh units so far," Asus India Regional Head (South Asia and Country Manager) Peter Chang told PTI.
The company has four smartphones under the Zenfone series.
"The current range is good enough to compete with other players. In the price range we cover, from Rs 5,999 to Rs 16,999, we have smartphones from 4-6 inches. So, we think we cover 60% of the market, which is good enough as first step," Chang said.
The company entered the smartphone market in July as it thought that just being in the computer market would have some constraints, he said.
"The thinking to enter the smartphone segment was there for a while. Since two-three years back, we started to see that if you only stay in computer market, you have some constraints, specially now when people are using different kinds of devices... We cannot stay only in laptop, we have to also enter the other devices," Chang added.
Apart from smartphones, the company sells tablets and PCs under Fonepad series.
The Indian smartphone market is witnessing strong competition between local and international players, all vying to grab a share of the multi-billion dollar market.
According to IDC, smartphone sales in India grew almost 3-fold to over 44 million in 2013.
In the first quarter of 2014, 17.59 million smartphones were shipped in India, compared to 6.14 million in the same period of 2013.
 Advertisements

India business growing but on watch mode  says TCSPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 10:50 PM IST
TCS cautious on India despite business growth
The company that registered revenues of over $3.6 bn in April-June 2014 quarter, saw its India business grow at 5%
Despite rising revenue from India, information technology (IT) services major Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) remains cautious on the country.
The Mumbai-based firm, which registered revenue of $3.6 billion in the April-June quarter, saw its India business grow five per cent.
“We had a growth in India last quarter and this quarter. However, we want to keep it on a watch mode because we are still waiting for more broad-based confidence to come back,” Chief Financial Officer Rajesh Gopinathan told analysts.
He added that the company was witnessing some momentum but it was “early days yet” to call it a big turnaround.“However, it will grow and we expect it to grow better than average this quarter,” he said.
According to their annual report for 2013-14, India accounted for 6.7 per cent of the company’s revenue (Rs 5,488 crore) compared to Rs 4,890 crore (7.8 per cent) of the total revenues in financial year 2013.
North America, which is the company’s largest market, accounted for 53.03 per cent, followed by the UK (17.4 per cent), Europe (11.2 per cent) and Asia Pacific (7.2 per cent).
Asked if the growth in India is coming from couple of clients or is more broad-based, Gopinathan said growth is coming across both government as well as private sector.
"Is it broad based? Technically, yes. But, does it give us confidence on it? Not yet," he added.
TCS is scheduled to announce financial results for the July-September quarter on October 16, 2014.
 Advertisements

Gaza children return to school afterwarTwo Palestinian girls play in a classroom of a U.N. school in Gaza City. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Gaza City | Posted: September 14, 2014 12:00 pm
Some half million Gaza children are making a delayed return to school after a devastating 50-day war with Israel that killed more than 2,100 Palestinians and damaged hundreds of school buildings.
Gaza Education Ministry official Ziad Thabet says Sunday’s opening _ delayed two weeks _ involves 230,000 1st to 12th graders attending public schools, 200,000 going to United Nations-run schools and tens of thousands enrolled in private institutions.
Thabet says that unlike in previous years the first week of instruction in government schools will be given over to providing psychological counseling and recreational activities to help the children transition to learning.
He says 26 Gaza schools were destroyed during the war, and another 232 sustained damage.
The war between Israel and the Hamas militant group ruling Gaza ended on August 26.

MQM chief Altaf Hussain steps down  then withdrawsresignationPTI | Karachi | Posted: September 14, 2014 11:55 am
 
Pakistan’s Mutthaida Qaumi Movement (MQM) chief Altaf Hussain, on Sunday, announced to resign as party head but in a dramatic move withdrew his decision hours later.
“I have decided to leave the party today because I don’t have the strength and courage to bear any more disappointments and betrayals,” said 60-year-old Hussain, who is living in self-exile in London since 1991.
“The central committee is now free to choose anyone they want to head the party,” he said early Sunday morning. Soon after his announcement, hundreds of party supporters gathered at the MQM headquarters in Karachi and in other parts of the Sindh province shouting slogans in favour of Hussain and urging him to change his decision.
The central committee, which has been the target of criticism in recent weeks by Hussain, held an emergency meeting with senior leaders saying they would convince him to reverse his decision.
“No one but Altaf Hussain can lead this party. I know we have made mistakes but we ask for his forgiveness,” MNA and senior leader Dr Farooq Sattar said. Hours later, Hussian withdrew his resignation, saying it was last time to accept the demand of workers.
In a telephonic address to his supporters outside MQM headquarters, Hussain said: “Once again, I’m agreeing to my supporters’ wishes.” Last year, he had announced his resignation, only to withdraw his decision after a few hours, on the insistence of party workers.
The MQM, which is the single largest party in Karachi and also the most influential with the power to shut down the city in minutes, was formed in 1984-85 by Hussain when he was a student leader in the Karachi University.
Hussain and a loyal band of followers had formed the Mohajir Qaumi Movement and won widespread support from the Urdu speaking population which migrated to Pakistan from India during 1947 partition. Hussain was also unhappy with the accusations made by the
Paramilitary Rangers about his party workers being involved in sectarian violence and killings in Karachi and termed it a conspiracy against the MQM.
His charismatic and immense power over the Urdu speaking population in Karachi and Sindh was evident earlier this year when he was arrested by the British Metropolitan police in London in a money laundering case. Just an hour after his arrest was announced Karachi came
to a standstill and remained shut for three days before the MQM appealed to the people to resume normal business and work.

Non-repatriable NRI investments may get dome...Arvind Mayaram
(The Committee to be headed…)
NEW DELHI: In order to encourage more overseas investments into India, the government has set up a committee to look into the possibility of treating non- repatriable NRI funds as domestic investment.
"The Committee will look into streamlining the process for NRI investments into India in the light of the Mayaram panel report on rationalising the FDI/FII definition," an official told PTI.
The Committee to be headed by Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram will include representatives from the ministries of industry, law and external affairs.
Among other things, it will also look at strengthening the reporting system of such investments by the non-resident Indians.
In June, the Mayaram panel had suggested the definitions for foreign direct investment (FDI) and foreign institutional investors (FIIs), but had suggested that the issue related to NRI investment should be looked into separately.
The official said the government now wants to channelise the funds of NRIs, who now have set up large businesses abroad, by treating non-repatriable investments by NRIs as domestic investment.
NRI is defined as a person who is residing outside India, but has Indian citizenship.
"NRIs may prefer investing through corporate entities now," the official said, adding that the option would be looked into.
The government had earlier allowed a vehicle called Overseas Corporate Bodies for NRI investments, but it was later derecognised in late 2003 because of various reasons.
"With suitable safeguards and checks, this can be revived in a different form and NRI investments enhanced," the Mayaram committee had suggested.
Among other things, the Mayaram panel had suggested that foreign investment of over 10 per cent in a listed company be treated as FDI. For unlisted company, all foreign investment should be treated as FDI.
The recommendations aim at removing ambiguities over clear demarcation between FDI and FII .
FEATURED ARTICLES

Australia contributing planes for anti-IScampaignFILE - In this Monday, Aug. 11, 2014 file photo, a U.S. military plane lands on the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush, in the Persian Gulf. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Canberra | Posted: September 14, 2014 1:07 pm
Australia is preparing to contribute 600 troops and up to 10 military aircraft to the increasingly aggressive campaign against the Islamic State extremists in Syria and Iraq, Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Sunday.
Abbott said Australia was responding to a formal request from the United States for specific contributions to the international coalition.
President Barack Obama announced the more aggressive military campaign last week. Scores of U.S. airstrikes have been launched at select targets in Iraq, and U.S. planes and drones will be gathering intelligence on targets before launching airstrikes in Syria.
FILE – In this Sunday, Aug. 10, 2014, file photo, a fighter jet coming from Iraq lands on the flight deck of the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush, in the Persian Gulf. (Source: AP)
Australia will prepare up to eight F/A18 combat aircraft, an E-7A Wedgetail Early Warning and Control aircraft and a KC-30A Tanker and Transport aircraft to be deployed to the United Arab Emirates, a statement from Abbott’s office said.
The 400 air force personnel and 200 others in the contingent could be deployed this week, Abbott told reporters in Darwin.
The statement said special operations personnel who could assist Iraq’s security forces were being prepared also, but combat troops were not being deployed.

Airbus to maintain Vistara fleetYou are here: Home > Collections > Airbus
Airbus to maintain Vistara fleet; AirWorks may bag MRO deal
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 12.49PM IST
Tags:
Airbus
(The full service carrier,…)
MUMBAI: The Tata-Singapore Airlines venture Vistara has outsourced its engineering support services to original equipment maker Airbus and is also negotiating with homegrown AirWorks for maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) of its fleet, sources close to the development said today.
The full service carrier, which was earlier expected to take wings by the middle of next month, may now take a couple of months to launch its operations due to pending technical regulatory approvals.
"Vistara, which will have an all-Airbus fleet to begin with, has outsourced day-to-day maintenance of its fleet to the European aviation major Airbus," sources told PTI here.
However, when contacted, both Vistara and AirWorks spokespersons declined to comment on the development.
An announcement to this effect is likely to be announced soon, sources said.
Last month, Vistara Chief Executive Phee Teik Yeoh had said that he plans to have a fleet of five aircraft by the end of the year.
The Delhi-based airline has already decided to lease 20 Airbus A320s, including seven A320 Neos which have the latest technology.
The airline is also in discussions with AirWorks for awarding the contract for maintenance, repair and overhaul of its aircraft.
Vistara, which is the third full service carrier in the country after national carrier Air India and Jet Airways, would operate from its base Delhi and connect Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Goa, Chandigarh, Srinagar, Jammu and Patna in the first year, as per the plan submitted to the regulator DGCA while applying for the air operator's permit in April this year.
It plans to operate 87 flights in the first year, with five leased Airbus A320s, and then scale it up to 301 flights by the fourth year
FEATURED ARTICLES

Now  a robot that can keep eye on home via TwitterPrint
With basic capabilities, the bot would cost around Rs 5,000 to 6,000
Written by Krishna Vamsi | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 11:47 am | Updated: September 12, 2014 12:02 pm
Ever heard of a social robot? Well, Kolkata-based IT company Edifixio India Pvt ltd. has won the Oracle IoT Developer Challenge with their winning entry Bot-So, a social robot that can be deployed for remote home surveillance by sending it commands via Twitter. Debraj Dutta, one of the robot developers, shares how he went about developing the robot using the open source Rasberry Pi platform.
Where did you get the idea of making a social robot?
Devices connecting to Internet was our main objective. We thought of connecting the humans with the IoT devices and the most homogenous platform which we thought was the social media. There was massive transformation over a decade and social communication came on Whatsapp, Facebook and Twitter; and it is cheaper and popular as well. We gave a shot.
Why Twitter?
Twitter is a great platform. It has this connectionless service where you don’t always need to stay online and also there would be notifications in case of any private messages. It has that online flavor. And we can share pictures and links to videos also.
 
Does the bot (Bot-So) have voice capabilities and real-time command driven features?  
There is a limited voice capability. It has a sound card which allows you can put up a small speaker or a headphone and program few prerecorded messages (Text-to-Speech) through some language processing tool. But I assure it can be extended using more functionality.
Secondly, you can include capabilities of what Apple provides through Siri. It needs an analysis of semantics and many other cost driven features but then again, we limited our bot to using open source.
Why was Raspberry PI used?
We wanted everything to be open source, even the hardware. You can buy Raspberry PI which includes a complete documentation of the usage. You can incorporate it anywhere and use. And it is cheap as well.
Does it have Wifi or Ethernet connection?
It has both WiFi and Ethernet. As the technology is IoT, it would be pointless to use neither of these. Other than that there could be a possibility of call back options through GSM data cards, but for now we haven’t configured any of these.
What is the power source for the bot?
USB power source. It doesn’t have a battery though. So, in case of continuous power requirement, you can connect the bot to a UPS source as the power consumption is very low. I suggest that you connect even the router to the UPS for a consistent usage.
I found that in the video the hand was waved a couple of times for the bot sensors to pickup.
When it comes to sensor. We just used a 30 m and 120 radius sensor for the purpose of demonstration of communication between the sensors and the Internet. As such there is no hardware limitation as I already told you that it is just a prototype we worked on. You could use high power sensors and better resolution cams as you budget permits.
Can there be an option to stream the video by the bot to get a real-time surveillance experience?
For that we have to deploy a video streaming system. We already have a 40 second video upload which the bot provides a Goggle plus link. But when used for industrial purpose, you can always customise to make it better equipped by getting a video streaming service maybe.
How did you get about with the entire plan?
We were interested in IoT, which is the new buzz word, then we heard about the Oracle IoT challenge. We started begin by tinkering an initial setup here and there, but we hadn’t had a concrete idea of what to be made. Our job requires working with Java, social media and data mining, so we easily relied on the already acquired skill set to leverage our project.
(L-R) Avinaba, Tapas (With-Bot-So), Siddhantha, Debraj
What was the cost incurred?
You can get the bot done with these basic capabilities of temperature sensing, pictures and video coverage and intrusion sensing  in just about  Rs 5000 or Rs 6000. Then you can customise depending on the  necessity for both domestic and industrial usage.
Bot-So has both WiFi and Ethernet. As the technology is IoT, it would be pointless to use neither of these.

Now  take a luxury cruise from Patna to VaranasiNow, take a luxury cruise from Patna to Varanasi
1/9
Cruise from Patna to Varanasi
12 Sep, 2014
Tweet
Economictimes.com
The Ministry of Shipping, particularly Inland Waterways Authority of India (IWAI) and Ministry of Tourism, are promoting the first luxury river cruise from Patna to Varanasi on the Ganga River.
We take a tour of the cruise and what it offers:
Image by Assam Bengal Navigation

Gold Extends Losses for 3rd Day on Subdued Demand; Global CuesYou are here: Home Commodities
Gold Extends Losses for 3rd Day on Subdued Demand; Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 13, 2014 15:52 (IST)
Gail Makes Gas Available From Alternate Sources to Gujarat Industries
New Delhi:
Falling for the third day in a row, gold prices shed another Rs 45 to Rs 27,370 per 10 gram in the national capital on Saturday on easing demand from jewellers and retailers amid a weakening global trend.
Silver followed suit and declined by Rs 50 to Rs 41,250 per kg on lack of buying support from industrial units and coin makers.
Bullion merchants said slackened demand from jewellers and retailers in view of ongoing "Sharads", considered to be inauspicious 15-day period by some for new purchases, weighed on gold and silver prices.
They said a weakening global trend, where gold fell to 8- month low, also dampened the sentiment.
Gold in New York, which normally set price trend on the domestic front, shed 0.6 per cent to $1,231.50 an ounce, after touching $1,228.10, the lowest since January 10.
Silver dropped to $18.45, the lowest since June 2013.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell by Rs 45 each to Rs 27,370 and Rs 27,170 per 10 gram respectively. It had lost Rs 385 in last two days.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 24,400 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
In line with a general weak trend, silver ready traded lower by Rs 50 to Rs 41,250 per kg, while weekly-based delivery recovered by Rs 100 to Rs 41,300 per kg on speculators buying. The white metal had lost Rs 870 in the previous two sessions.
Silver coins, however, continued to be asked at the previous level of Rs 71,000 for buying and Rs 72,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: September 13, 2014 15:51 (IST)

Hindustan Aeronautics LimitedSep 12, 2014 at 08:40 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Steinberg India Emerging Opportunities Fund Limited bought 5,75,000 shares of Hindustan Media Ventures.
PM arrives home after concluding successful Japan visit
Sep 03, 2014 at 15:35 | Source: PTI
During the visit, his first bilateral outside the subcontinent since becoming Prime Minister in May, Modi invited Japanese investments while hard-selling India as a conducive destination for business particularly for the manufacturing sector.
How did first quarter earnings look? 'Good but not great'
Aug 18, 2014 at 16:55 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
As the earnings season winds up and most of Indias notable corporates have posted their quarterly results updates, net profits were slightly ahead of estimates, according to projections by brokerage firm Kotak, but there was limited evidence of a meaningful upgrades to earnings.
HUL splits home, personal care; appoints new heads
Aug 11, 2014 at 19:19 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Samir Singh has been appointed as Executive Director  Personal Care, while Priya Nair will become Executive Director  Home Care.
HUL hits record high, jumps 4%; analysts bullish
Aug 06, 2014 at 13:53 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Most analysts also feel that April-June was a very good quarter but valuations limit upside potential. The FMCG firm impressed the street with its April-June quarter earnings, with net profit growing 3.7 percent year-on-year at Rs 1,056.9 crore driven by strong revenue and operating performance
Hindustan Unilever's Q1 results on July 28, 2014
Jul 18, 2014 at 20:31 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hindustan Unilever baord meeting will be held on July 28, 2014, to take on record the unaudited financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 along with the limited review report of the auditors for the corresponding period.
Hindustan Zinc's Q1 results on July 21, 2014
Jul 11, 2014 at 12:27 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hindustan Zinc Ltd has informed BSE that unaudited financial results with limited review for the 1st Quarter and Three Months ended June 30, 2014 will be considered in the Board Meeting scheduled to be held on July 21, 2014.
Over 200 stocks hit 52-week high on BSE
May 13, 2014 at 21:08 | Source: PTI
"Sentiments also remained up-beat on report that FIIs are continuously investing in our markets, adding to the positivity," said Jayant Manglik, President Retail Distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
See limited downside in oil & gas stocks: Anup Bagchi
May 08, 2014 at 11:10 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Anup Bagchi, MD & CEO of ICICI Securities feels that there is limited downside in oil 7 gas stocks.
Hindustan Motors in process to handover Chennai car plant
Mar 31, 2014 at 20:44 | Source: PTI
In supersession of January 5, 2014 Working Arrangement Agreement, the company had handed over possession of the car plant at nearby Adigathur to Hindustan Motor Finance  Corporation Limited, the company said in a BSE filing.
Sep 12, 2014 at 08:40 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Steinberg India Emerging Opportunities Fund Limited bought 5,75,000 shares of Hindustan Media Ventures.
PM arrives home after concluding successful Japan visit
Sep 03, 2014 at 15:35 | Source: PTI
During the visit, his first bilateral outside the subcontinent since becoming Prime Minister in May, Modi invited Japanese investments while hard-selling India as a conducive destination for business particularly for the manufacturing sector.
How did first quarter earnings look? 'Good but not great'
Aug 18, 2014 at 16:55 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
As the earnings season winds up and most of Indias notable corporates have posted their quarterly results updates, net profits were slightly ahead of estimates, according to projections by brokerage firm Kotak, but there was limited evidence of a meaningful upgrades to earnings.
HUL splits home, personal care; appoints new heads
Aug 11, 2014 at 19:19 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Samir Singh has been appointed as Executive Director  Personal Care, while Priya Nair will become Executive Director  Home Care.
HUL hits record high, jumps 4%; analysts bullish
Aug 06, 2014 at 13:53 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Most analysts also feel that April-June was a very good quarter but valuations limit upside potential. The FMCG firm impressed the street with its April-June quarter earnings, with net profit growing 3.7 percent year-on-year at Rs 1,056.9 crore driven by strong revenue and operating performance
Hindustan Unilever's Q1 results on July 28, 2014
Jul 18, 2014 at 20:31 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hindustan Unilever baord meeting will be held on July 28, 2014, to take on record the unaudited financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2014 along with the limited review report of the auditors for the corresponding period.
Hindustan Zinc's Q1 results on July 21, 2014
Jul 11, 2014 at 12:27 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Hindustan Zinc Ltd has informed BSE that unaudited financial results with limited review for the 1st Quarter and Three Months ended June 30, 2014 will be considered in the Board Meeting scheduled to be held on July 21, 2014.
Over 200 stocks hit 52-week high on BSE
May 13, 2014 at 21:08 | Source: PTI
"Sentiments also remained up-beat on report that FIIs are continuously investing in our markets, adding to the positivity," said Jayant Manglik, President Retail Distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
See limited downside in oil & gas stocks: Anup Bagchi
May 08, 2014 at 11:10 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Anup Bagchi, MD & CEO of ICICI Securities feels that there is limited downside in oil 7 gas stocks.
Hindustan Motors in process to handover Chennai car plant
Mar 31, 2014 at 20:44 | Source: PTI
In supersession of January 5, 2014 Working Arrangement Agreement, the company had handed over possession of the car plant at nearby Adigathur to Hindustan Motor Finance  Corporation Limited, the company said in a BSE filing.
Videos »

Cash may no longer be kingMayank Mishra |  New Delhi Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 11:18 PM IST
Cash may no longer be king
Debit card use at POS terminals increasing at rapid clip, transactions at ATMs declining
Consumers seem to be cashing out of automated teller machines (ATMs) and logging in at point-of-sale (POS) terminals more frequently. Even as the network expands, the average number of transactions at ATMs is on a downward slope. The use of debit cards at POS terminals, by contrast, is growing at a rapid pace. While in terms of value of transactions, ATMs still enjoy a huge lead, the fact that people have started using their debit cards for more than just withdrawing money suggests the idea of cashless transactions is gaining momentum.
A Business Standard analysis of Reserve Bank of India data for the past three years reveals the average number of monthly transactions at an ATM has fallen 26 per cent from 4,693 in May 2012 to 3,454 in the month this year. During the same period, the average number of transactions at POS terminals increased from under 48 a month to nearly 55 now, an increase of nearly 15 per cent.
"Faster growth in online and electronic payments is happening across the country," said Jairam Sridharan, head of consumer lending and payments at Axis Bank.
On an absolute basis, however, the number of transactions at ATMs and POS terminals is still rising. Between May 2013 and May this year, the number of debit card transactions at ATMs grew nearly 19 per cent and at POS terminals by 25 per cent.
Growth in transactions at ATMs has happened on the back of a huge network expansion, from 98,074 ATMs in May 2012 to 164,491 now. The RBI data are available till May this year. In the same period, the number of POS terminals, too, jumped from 671,834 to over a million now. From May 2012, the net addition in the number of debit cards has climbed 115 million to over 400 million.
The shift in consumer behaviour is encouraging news for banks as the real push for using debit cards at POS terminals came only in 2013. "Banks apprehended cannibalisation if they pushed the use of debit cards at POS terminals. We were of the view that our other product, the credit card, would suffer if we gave consumers a choice and our income would fall, too. But our apprehensions turned out to be wrong and we decided to push the idea vigorously from 2013," said a senior executive of another leading private bank. He wished not to be named as he is not authorised to speak to the media. Against an estimated 400 million debit cards, there are only about 19 million credit cards in use.
What has helped the switch perhaps is the RBI-mandated two-tier security system that has significantly mitigated the risk of fraudulent transaction at POS terminals. All banks made the switch to the new system from December 1, 2013. Some banks, however, put the system in place much earlier. "Customers are required to key in their PIN numbers at POS terminals. This has made transactions at POS terminals almost risk-free," said a senior executive with a leading public-sector bank.
Bankers say a cashless transaction is more efficient and transparent. It is easy to track, too. And a gradual shift to the cashless form brings down the cost of banking, as setting up and running an ATM is a costly affair. POS terminals, on the other hand, come with very little initial investment and the running cost is negligible.
"We see significant growth in our transaction volumes online and at POS. While there is certainly a shift away from cash, the proportion of consumption expenditure in the form of cash is still very large and, hence, there is a lot more potential for growth in electronic payments," said Sridharan. Installation of a POS terminal would cost Rs 4,000-5,000 while setting up an ATM required an initial investment of nearly Rs 10 lakh, said an executive with a public-sector bank. Then, there are recurring expenses like paying for guards, salaries and rent in the case of ATMs. Running a POS terminal is almost free.
"There are some factors that are driving this change. Urban consumers, even in Tier-II and -III cities, are getting hooked to internet banking.
That has taken the burden off ATMs. And most of the ATM network expansion in the past two years has taken place in rural areas, where customers are yet to overcome their initial apprehension of transacting outside of branches. This is why the average transaction at ATMs is falling," said the private-bank executive quoted earlier. And freebies like reward points, cashback and prizes for spending associated with debit-card transaction at POS terminals were driving people towards cashless transactions, he added.
While private banks took the lead, public-sector banks, too, are actively promoting use of debit cards outside of ATMs. A recent State Bank of India advertisement for its debit card says "Cash kyun, mujhe bhool gaye kya? (Why cash, have you forgotten me?)".
Bankers say while new ATMs will continue to be added to the network, the pace of expansion is going to slow down. And ATMs will likely become mini-branches offering many more financial and other services.
 Advertisements

Online service helps users learn and share their STD-statusSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Regulate your body s iron content to switch on cellular functionsSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

President travels on state visit to Vietnam on Sunday#president #vietnam #state visit #pranab mukherjee
New Delhi: President Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday leaves for a four-day state visit to Vietnam during which he will hold talks with the top leadership of that country and also visit sites of cultural and historical significance.
Mukherjee will meet his Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang, general secretary of the Vietnamese Communist Party, Nguyen Phu Trong, Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung and the chairman of the National Assembly Nguyen Sinh Hung in capital Hanoi.
He will also travel to Ho Chi Minh City.
Pranab Mukherjee leaves for a four-day state visit to Vietnam during which he will hold talks with the top leadership of that country.
Mukherjee will be received with full protocol ceremonies. A number of agreements are expected to be inked during the visit.
"This visit is taking place following the successful Year of Friendship in 2012, the 40th anniversary of our diplomatic relations with Vietnam and also the fifth anniversary of our strategic partnership with them, the ASEAN-India Commemorative Summit in 2012, and also the visit of the general secretary of the Vietnam Communist Party which happened in 2013.
So, it will provide an opportunity to review our relations and also deepen our strategic partnership," Secretary (East) in the external affairs ministry Anil Wadhwa said at a briefing.
Vice President Hamid Ansari visited Vietnam in 2013, while External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj was in Hanoi in August to lay the groundwork for the president's visit.
General Secretary Nguyen Phu Trong was in India in 2013.
India and Vietnam elevated their ties to a strategic partnership in 2007.

Evolution of cellphones: From  brick  mobiles to touchscreen smartphonesToday, practically everyone has moved on to precise, beautiful and fast touchscreen phones. Who knows what the next major evolution in cellphones will be.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
It's been a while — but do you remember the time when the cellphone didn't exist? For some, it was a more uncluttered time. It was in the early '80s that the first mobile phone came about. Previous 'wireless communication systems' were too bulky to be called mobile — although many did exist for military and civilian use.
The first generation of cellphones did nothing except calls — and that too for about 30 minutes; it was all that the battery in those days allowed. The next few generations were fondly called 'bricks'— not just for their appearance but also because they could come in handy as a blunt weapon if needed.
Between the '80s and '90s, devices kept evolving and getting more popular. In India, the first commercial cellphone and service launch was in July 1995 — so we were quite a few years behind at the time. It was a partnership between the Modi Group and Australian telecom operator Telstra that brought the first cellular network to India.
The Turning Point
The turning point in India for the cellphone would be some time in 1998. That was around the time when networks really expanded, cellphones became increasingly popular, and the call rates became a little less ludicrous. The time before that could be called BC (Before Cellphones), and the period post-1998 AD (After Dependence).
Because anyone who started using a phone in 1998 or later remains a user to this day. Pre-1998, only the richest people owned one and most of them hardly used it. Some, deterred by local call rates that went as high as Rs 60 per minute, kept them away in drawers. There was no second-hand market for cellphones in those days.
The year 1998 was also when Nokia launched the indestructible and utterly desirable 5110. Almost everyone had one or wanted one. It was also this writer's first phone and the year that marked the beginning of his love affair with cellphones.
The Nokia 5110 was ultra-durable, had user interchangeable covers, a stubby antenna, great battery life, crystal-clear call quality, a clear LCD screen and it popularised the game that we all know as 'Snake'. Importantly, this was the time when local call rates from a mobile phone were in the region of Rs 12 to Rs 18 per minute. Incoming calls were still not free at this point.
The Nokia 5110 was and is one of the most beautiful pieces of handheld technology ever created. It was fairly slim, lightweight, felt good in the hand, had stellar build quality and was a great first step into the world of mobile telephony. It powered on in precisely five seconds (unheard of today, in the age of smartphones) and had a standby time of a few days. The mono LCD was clear and legible under any lighting conditions.
Page 1 of 2

Employees generate ideas worth USD 500 mn  says HCL TechnologiesSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

The best of IFA 2014print
Techilicious columnist Rajiv Makhni
I’ve recently been trying on a new device on my wrist. The Mio ALPHA, which is the world’s first wrist-based heartbeat sensor that can record your heart rate even in the middle of the most active workout without, well, missing a beat.
The other advantage is that it can monitor your heartbeat all through the day too, and, thus, is a great way to analyse your body rhythms when you are stressed, relaxed and especially when you are extremely excited. I kept the Mio on analyse mode all through IFA-Berlin, the world’s largest electronics fair.
My heartbeat averaged ‘super excited’ almost all through. But, even without a Mio, let me get your heart pumping with the best of IFA 2014.
Samsung
Note 4 and Note Edge:
The Note 4 is the typical evolution Samsung throws in with a better screen and fantastic new things you can do with the stylus, including using it as a mouse, and also for multi-selection.
But the Note Edge is truly cutting edge. One side of the screen curves in and you can use that space literally as an independent screen. It can update stocks, display weather information, give notifications when the phone is idle, show extra app icons and a whole lot more. There are rumours that it won’t make it to India, but that would be a grave mistake as this one will sell like hot cakes here.
Gear S Smartwatch:
Samsung gets it almost right with the smartwatch this time. This is a watch independent of a phone, looks good and has great functionality. The interface is smooth, the large screen is very usable even to type, and the straps and add-ons are brilliant. 
Gear VR:
Collaborating with Oculus, this VR headgear uses the Note 4 phone as its main system (thus is untethered and has no ugly wires), has touch and tap controls on the side and gives you an experience like you had a 175-inch screen all around you.
  
LG
G Watch R:
It’s the first time that I wore a smartwatch that looked more real than a real watch and yet had all the functionality I want from a device that goes on my wrist.
Reality check: The G Watch R looks much more real than a real watch.
G3 Stylus:
The G3 from LG continues to set most Top Five Smartphone charts on fire. And the add-on of the Stylus phone in the family makes it even better. Finally LG has a sub-brand of winning smartphones.
Sony
QX30 Lens:
Sony started off the whole idea of independent lenses for phones and tablets that were almost as good as professional lenses. QX30 is the latest addition to that range. You can pair it with a smartphone via Wi-Fi and use the 30x optical zoom that provides the 35mm equivalent of a 24-720mm zoom, plus it can shoot Full HD 60p videos too.
Z3 Compact Tablet:
Sony has the market cornered for two things. Tablets that are waterproof and dustproof, and tablets that keep setting records for being super thin. The Z3 compact tablets, measuring at 6.4mm, were being dunked in and out of water to show its water-resistant properties. Did I mention you can shave with it too?
Xperia Z3 and the Z3 Compact Phone:
The new Z3 has everything needed to move on to the next level, but somehow the Z3 Compact steals a march over its bigger brethren. 
Smart Eye Glass:
Google Glass has competition and it’s called Smart Eye. The concept is the same but this one is just a tad less nerdy to look at. It gives you a screen just off axis to your peripheral vision and can give you directions and maps, recognise faces and even guide you with step-by-step recipes when you are cooking! 
Tennis Analyser:
Tennis players, rejoice! Tech will now make you better at the sport. Take off the handle cap of your racquet, insert this Sony cap and off you go to play. This can take a video of your game, analyse your swing, sweet spot hitting, speed of your racquet head, point of contact and all your problems. My analysis was spot on – ‘Give Up’.
Toshiba, Panasonic, Lenovo, Microsoft-Nokia, Alcatel, Philips and a whole lot of other brands including hidden gems from many companies, will be featured in part 2 of this column. But that will be next to next week. The very next one is a no-holds-barred in-depth analysis on Apple and its new iPhones. See you then!
This is part 1 of a two-part series. Watch out for part 2 in this space.
 
Rajiv Makhni is managing editor, Technology, NDTV, and the anchor of Gadget Guru, Cell Guru and Newsnet 3
From HT Brunch, September 14
Follow us on twitter.com/HTBrunch

IS beheads British hostage David Haines  Cameron calls it an act of  pure evilAfter beheading Foley, Sotloff and Haines, IS parades British aid worker Alan Hening
AFP
print
The Islamic State claimed the beheading of a British aid worker on Saturday, an act slammed as "pure evil" by Prime Minister David Cameron who vowed Britain would do all it could to catch the killers.
President Barack Obama offered US support for its "ally in grief", while Cameron faced growing calls to allow Britain's military to help in Washington's planned assault against the rampaging  jihadist group.
Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
The British premier will chair a meeting of the government's emergency Cobra committee early Sunday in response to the online video purportedly showing a masked IS militant killing hostage David Haines in retribution for the US and British campaign against the group.
Cameron called the attack "a despicable and appalling murder of an innocent aid worker" and "an act of pure evil."
"We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes," he said in a statement.
Two US journalists have been murdered in similar circumstances in recent weeks.
Obama slammed the latest attack as "barbaric" and said the US "stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve".
Britain has yet to join US air strikes against IS in Iraq, but has offered to arm Kurdish Peshmerga fighters battling against militants in the north of the country, a move cited in the latest video as a reason for revenge.
Read: Act of pure evil, says Cameron as UK hostage beheaded
Murdered 'in cold blood'
Britain's Foreign Office said it was "working as quickly as it could" to verify the two-minute-27-second clip, entitled "A Message to the Allies of America".
The video opens with a clip of Cameron describing the British strategy of working with the Iraqi government to help arm Kurdish fighters against "these brutal extremist militants," and to offer aid, diplomacy, and military help to pressure IS.
Haines then appears, dressed in an orange jumpsuit, and identifies himself before calmly explaining that he is paying the price for Cameron's policy.
The attacker -- who appears to be the same man as in the previous two beheading videos -- tells Britain the alliance with the US will "accelerate your destruction" and will drag the British people into "another bloody and unwinnable war."
In the video, IS militants have announced their next target as another British aid worker Alan Hening.
As was the case with the previous two videos of Foley and Sotloff, the executioner introduces Hening at the end of the video.
Haines's brother Mike paid tribute to a "good brother...who was recently murdered in cold blood."
"He was, in the right mood, the life and soul of the party and on other times the most stubborn irritating pain in the ass," he said in a statement.
"He was and is loved by all his family and will be missed terribly."
Scottish-born Haines, 44, was taken hostage in Syria in March 2013 and was threatened in a video released this month depicting the beheading by an IS militant of the US journalist Steven Sotloff.
IS released a video claiming the execution of fellow US journalist James Foley on August 19.
Former head of the British Army Richard Dannatt on Sunday piled pressure on Cameron to let the country's military join a planned assault against IS, announced by Obama this week.
"What we absolutely need to do is not be cowed in any way by yet another foul murder of a hostage," he told Sky News.
"We can support them (the US) to confront, attack and defeat the Islamic State jihadi fighters ... and make sure this cancer is removed from the region before it spreads more widely."
Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
Kerry drums up local support
Under pressure himself to tackle the problem,  Obama on Wednesday set out a strategy which would include air strikes in Syria and expanded operations in Iraq.
But Cameron will be wary of playing into the hands of the captors by escalating tensions and is also recovering from last year's humiliation of failing to achieve parliamentary support for air strikes against Syria's President Bashar al-Assad.
As part of efforts to build up local support for action, US Secretary of State John Kerry on Saturday sought to bolster relations with Egypt during meetings with its leaders.
Egypt's formidable army is unlikely to take part in a military coalition against IS, but the country boasts the prestigious Sunni Muslim authority Al-Azhar, which Kerry said would fight back against the Islamic State's use of the religion.
Kerry takes his push to forge a broad coalition against Islamic State jihadists to France on Sunday , on the eve of an international conference in Paris on peace and security in Iraq.
The CIA put the number of IS fighters at 20,000 to 31,500 in Iraq and Syria, up to three times the previous estimate.
US aircraft have carried out more than 160 strikes in Iraq since early August, the US Central Command said Saturday.

Fearing of epidemic  J-K wants govt to send 300 medics to flood-hit stateComments
Amid fears of an epidemic breaking out due to floods in Jammu and Kashmir, the state government is gearing up to contain the damage and wants the Centre to speedily send medicines as well as at least 300 paramedic staff.
The department of health services is making arrangements on a war-footing, issuing advisories, deploying doctors and paramedics across the Valley besides dispatching drugs and medicines.
Read: J-K floods: Infrastructure damage in state could touch Rs. 6000 crore
The outbreak of epidemic is feared because of filth that has accumulated across the Valley besides the death of animals and their carcasses floating around in the flood waters. "We are sensitising people about do's and don'ts," Saleem-ur Rehman, Director, Health Services, told PTI here while pointing to the apprehension about an epidemic breaking out.
He said doctors and paramedic staff are being rushed across the Valley to sensitise people as well as take precautionary measures. "Our doctors and paramedics are hard pressed...We need a lot of people. We are drawing doctors and paramedic staff from places which were not affected by the floods," he said. Rehman said the Central government has been "generous" and has sent 30 doctors who have been deployed in various districts of Kashmir. He wants at least 300 paramedic staff from the Centre, saying it would be of great help. Drugs and medicines are coming into Kashmir in good flow but the Centre should be little more generous in speedily sending more of such supplies, he said.
  1.50 lakh people still marooned: J-K floods in 50 pics
He said departments allied with health issues like Public Health Engineering (PHE) and municipalities need to get active immediately to prevent an epidemic. Chief Minister Omar Abdullah had said yesterday that Kashmir has a history that lives are not lost in floods but in the aftermath of floods. "Our focus is on provision of medicines and water-purifying medicines like chlorine and lakhs of chlorine tablets have been distributed. We have asked municipalities to activate the sanitation system. Our primary concern is rescue and provision of food, prevention of diseases and epidemics is our priority," he had said.
Talking about the advisories being issued, Rehman, himself a doctor, said people need to use only boiled water and not use vegetables which have been even touched by flood water. About the steps being taken by his department, the Director said optimal use is being made of hospitals and camps are being set up to sensitise people and undertake chlorination of water. Vaccination is also being undertaken for measles, particularly of children aged 6 months to five years, even if they have been vaccinated earlier. Flood triggered by heavy rain in Jammu and Kashmir have claimed around 200 lives so far and left thousands homeless. It has also caused extensive damage to road, rail and telecommunication infrastructure in the state.

J&K: Will ensure flood victims do not suffer further in winter  says government#jammu and kashmir floods #winter #national disaster response force #relief camps
Srinagar: All necessary steps will be taken to ensure that the flood-affected people in Jammu and Kashmir do not suffer further miseries during winter which is going to set in less than two months, the state government has said.
"We are aware of the approaching winter. We will take all the steps to ensure that the people affected by floods do not suffer any further," Secretary to state government's Revenue, Relief and Rehabilitation department Vinod Kaul said.
Although December 21 every year traditionally marks the onset of winter, the night temperature in most parts of the Kashmir Valley have fallen below freezing point as early as first week of November over the past several years now.
"We will take steps to ensure that the people affected by floods do not suffer any further," Secretary to state government's Revenue.
Kaul said the rehabilitation of the flood-affected persons was a three-staged process with rescue and relief of people from flooded areas being the top priority.
"We are rescuing people and providing them relief like ration, bottled drinking water, medicines and vaccines," he said.
The official said the second phase will involve providing shelter like tents and blankets and other material to ensure that the victims are able to sustain.
He said at present over 130 relief camps are operational in the state where the state government with the help of local volunteers, Army, National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and Indian Air Force (IAF) is providing the material for the displaced people.
"It is a joint effort. No organisation can work in isolation and each organ of the system is functioning at optimum to provide succour to the victims," Kaul said, adding, the efforts put in by the local volunteers were nothing short of heroic.
Kaul, however, admitted that permanent rehabilitation of the flood victims will be an uphill task that will need a massive effort.
Given the extreme weather conditions in various parts of the state, permanent rehabilitation of the victims will need to be expedited, he said.

Mobile user base in India rises 0.4 pct in JulyMobile user base in India rises 0.4 pct in July
Wed Sep 10 2014, 16:35 hrs
India's mobile phone customer base rose 0.42 percent, or a net 3.8 million, in July to 918.72 million, data released by the sector regulator showed on Wednesday. (Thinkstock)
Read Full Report
The number of telephone subscribers in India increased from 942.95 million at the end of June, 2014 to 946.40 million at the end of July, 2014, thereby showing a monthly growth of 0.37%. (TRAI report)
Private operators hold 90.05% of the wireless subscriber market share where as BSNL and MTNL, the two PSU operators hold only 9.95% market share. (TRAI report)
By comparison, China, the world's biggest mobile phone market, reported a 0.28 percent monthly increase in the number of mobile subscribers to about 1.27 billion as of end-July. (Thinkstock)
Mobile connections per 100 people, known as tele-density, was 73.78 as of July. Mobile tele-density in urban areas was 140.96,  compared with 43.90 in rural areas. (Thinkstock)
In July, 2.86 million mobile subscribers opted to change their service providers through mobile number portability. Mobile number portability is currently allowed only within a service zone. India is divided into 22 telecommunications service zones. (Thinkstock)
Total broadband connections were 70.81 million at end-July. There were 55.77 million broadband users through mobile phones and dongles, while 15.04 million were using broadband through wirelines. Internet connections with a minimum download speed of 512 Kbps are considered as broadband in India. The number of fixed-phone line subscribers fell to 27.68 million at end-July from 28.03 million at the end of June. Including fixed-phone lines, India had 946.40 million phone users as of July 31, or a total tele-density of 76. (Thinkstock)
Reader´s Comments

Jammu and Kashmir floods: Air India  Indigo  others told to cap Srinagar-Delhi airfaresSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Amazon to join rush for Silicon RoundaboutSeptember 12, 2014 2:36 am
Amazon to join rush for Silicon Roundabout
By Murad Ahmed, European Technology Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85d4dfc2-39c5-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sebi bars SMS scam masterminds for 5 yearsSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Brent crude oil falls below $98 a barrel as weak demand  strong dollar weighThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Aveva falls after contracts delay warningLast updated: September 12, 2014 6:18 pm
Aveva falls after contracts delay warning
By Michael Kavanagh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f52c3214-3a86-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russian authorities raid Ikea officeSeptember 12, 2014 7:54 pm
Russian authorities raid Ikea office
By Richard Milne, Nordic Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/669df59e-3aa1-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Veteran untainted by banking crisisLast updated: September 12, 2014 11:02 pm
Veteran untainted by banking crisis
By Martin Arnold
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a7ee748c-3a89-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Alibaba books to close earlyAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

May to relax UK transit visa regimeSeptember 12, 2014 6:04 pm
Theresa May to relax UK transit visa regime
By John Aglionby and Peggy Hollinger
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2f190c8e-3a6b-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China August Factory Output Growth Near Six-year LowChina Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
Beijing:
China's factory output grew at the lowest pace in nearly six years in August while growth in retail sales and investment also cooled, adding to signs of fragility in the economy that may prod Beijing into fresh policy measures to prevent a sharper slowdown.
Industrial output rose 6.9 per cent in August from a year earlier - the lowest reading since December 2008 when the economy was buffeted by the global financial crisis, compared with expectations for an 8.8 per cent expansion and slowing from 9.0 per cent in July.
Retail sales climbed 11.9 per cent, lagging forecasts of 12.1 per cent and slowing from 12.2 per cent in July, the National Bureau of Statistics said.
Fixed-asset investment, an important driver of economic activity, grew 16.5 per cent in the first eight months from the same period last year, lower than forecasts, it said.
Economists polled by Reuters had forecast 16.9 per cent growth in fixed-asset investment, slowing from 17.0 per cent in Jan-July.
China's economy got off to a weak start this year as first-quarter growth cooled to an 18-month low of 7.4 per cent. A raft of stimulus measures pushed that up slightly to 7.5 per cent in the second quarter, but recent data have suggested the economy is again losing momentum and policymakers may have to do more to offset the growing drag from the cooling housing market.
Property investment data released on Saturday showed further declines in sales and new construction along with a drop in mortgages, while growth in housing-related goods such as home appliances, furniture and building materials such as steel and cement all slowed.
Data showed on Friday that credit levels in China appeared to improve in August after an alarming drop in July, but remained below average.
That followed trade data that showed China's exports were buoyant but import growth unexpectedly fell for the second consecutive month in August, posting its worst performance in over a year.
Most analysts expect the government to unveil more steps in coming months in order to meet its 7.5 per cent economic growth target for the year, but the room for policy loosening is seen as limited after past stimulus programmes left many local governments saddled with piles of debt.
Premier Li Keqiang said on Monday that China cannot rely on loose credit to lift its economy, and reassured a business forum that Beijing would continue to roll out modest "targeted" measures as policymakers look to avert a sharper slowdown.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sparkling Neymar double fires FC Barcelona past Athletic BilbaoSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Cameron condemns UK mans beheadingLast updated: September 14, 2014 10:19 am
Isis militants say UK aid worker beheaded
By Erika Solomon, Borzou Daragahi and agencies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f1c7eac2-3bb8-11e4-84b4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FIIs pour in Rs 17k cr in two weeks of SeptPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 10:40 AM IST
FIIs pour in Rs 17k cr in two weeks of Sept
Analysts anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government
Continuing to bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have pumped in a whopping Rs 17,000 crore in the Indian capital market since the beginning of this month.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 6,665 crore ($1.1 billion) from September 1 to 12, while they infused a net amount of Rs 10,432 crore ($1.72 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 17,098 crore ($2.8 billion), as per the latest official data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market. This includes a net investment of Rs 85,000 crore in equities and Rs 1.12 lakh crore into debt market.
FIIs, the main driver of the equity market, have helped push up the benchmark BSE Sensex by 1.58% so far this month and is now moving above 27,000 level.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $204 billion, or Rs 9.88 lakh crore, in nearly 22 year period.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about USD 160 billion investments into equities and about USD 44 billion in debt markets.
From June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.
 Advertisements

Independence of judiciary is non-negotiable  says CJI R M LodhaPrint
R M Lodha made these observations while speaking on independent judiciary and corruption in judiciary at the Rule of Law Convention. (Source: Express archives)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 13, 2014 11:54 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 11:17 am
Although he chose not to comment on the government’s new law that proposes to scrap the collegium system for judges’ appointment, Chief Justice of India R M Lodha on Saturday said that judiciary’s “inherent strength” was capable of warding off attempts to tinker with its independence.
“I don’t intend to discuss about the Bills passed by Parliament but will speak about something dearest to me — independence of  judiciary . Justice Lodha said the people acknowledged that the judiciary was such an organ of the democracy whose institutional independence cannot be compromised with.
“I am sure and more than confident that independence of judiciary will be maintained at any cost by anyone and everyone to whom the judiciary is dear. It is the independence of the judiciary that leads to confidence in the mind of public that it will come to their aid and rescue if any wrong is committed by executive,” said the CJI.
Justice Lodha, who was speaking at a conclave organised by the Bar Association of India on the ‘Rule of Law’, said he was certain that a “strong rule of law” warranted an independent judiciary.
The CJI also spoke on corruption in the judiciary, and described it as the “worst form of ailment in the thriving democracy”. “As economy and industry grow, corruption also grows. With the growing corruption, it is very important that the judiciary is corruption-free.
It entails impunity if there is any amount of corruption in judiciary,” he said.
Justice Lodha  said the people should not do anything that encourages corruption in judiciary. “There are people who play all sorts of tricks on judges and are prepared to tempt judges and please those who man judiciary. We have to ensure that corruption is eradicated in all forms in judiciary,” he said. The CJI appealed to the lawyers to help guarantee purity in administration of justice system.
Also speaking at the function, Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi praised the CJI for elevating two lawyers to the Bench as Supreme Court judges. Justices Rohinton F Nariman and U U Lalit — noted lawyers — were recently appointed as judges.
“I am grateful to the CJI for two appointments from the Bar to the Bench. This singular act is one of the most significant acts in the past 10-15 years and I hope that future CJIs will keep this tradition alive. This singular act by the CJI is closest to my heart,” said Rohatgi.
Notably, the two appointments, for which the government’s top law officer was thanking the CJI, were made by the collegium that is sought to be replaced by a new system of appointing judges wherein the executive is likely to have a better say.
Senior advocate Anil B Divan, K N Bhat, and BAI office bearers advocates Priya Hingorani and Prashant Kumar also spoke on the occasion, continued…
I can say with confidence that no effort will succeed in taking away the independence of judiciary

Margins will improve as capacity utilisation goes upYou are here: Home > Collections > Mumbai
Margins will definitely improve as capacity utilisation goes up: Ravi Kannan, Snowman Logistics
ET Now Sep 12, 2014, 05.43PM IST
ET Now caught up with Gopinath Pillai, Chairman, Snowman Logistics Ltd and Ravi Kannan, CEO & Director, Snowman Logistics Ltd, for their business outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: Tell us a little bit more about Snowman and which segment do you think will be your growth drivers?
Gopinath Pillai: Snowman, basically, is one of the leading players in the control temperature segment of the logistics industry. Its main growth drivers are confectionary, food (mainly seafood), poultry and other meat items, high value vegetables and some industrial products like pharmaceuticals.
ET Now: What is your current margin profile and if you could give us a break up of the revenue profile?
Ravi Kannan: Today, we work at the blended margin at around 25%, wherein the warehousing generates almost 40% of the margin and the balance comes from the distribution. In our business, the more you scale it up, the more the margins are going to increase, because we have a fixed cost in terms of infrastructure, which will not going to change for us. So, the margins will definitely improve as capacity utilisation goes up. So I think our margins will increase as well as the utilisation.
ET Now: Do you see improvement in margins, especially post the expansion near Mumbai?
Gopinath Pillai: The margins have been growing gradually. There is some problem with EBITDA because of the interest element because we have borrowed money for expanding, but once we have the IPO funds, it will normalise. Then the margins would be even better.
ET Now: You do not have much presence in North and Central India. Any expansion plans there?
Gopinath Pillai: Yes, we are looking at sites. The process is rather slow, because we need to evaluate and need to be either in the area of consumption or in the area of manufacturing. Usually, the consumption area is not long term, because consumption patterns change. If you are next to the manufacturer, that is a longer term. So you have got to take various factors into account, but we definitely will be expanding. However, it is difficult for me to tell you now where or by how much.
ET Now: Can you tell us more about what sort of clients you are dealing with right now or is it dominated largely by FMCG players?
Ravi Kannan: We have also moved out of food as well as we tap pharmaceuticals and industrial products, like we have industrial products like Fuji Filam and Michelin tyres. Also in the pharmaceutical segments, we have a company called Ranbaxy and GSK.
  ET Now: What is your current capacity utilisation and do you see it improving post completion of your Mumbai expansion?
Ravi Kannan: Expansion is on the right track and we are hoping to open the Mumbai warehouse as well on time. Once the Mumbai warehouse comes in, our margins will definitely go up because Mumbai is one of the key locations for us, since it has got the consumption and is a sourcing point.
ET Now: What is your current capacity utilisation?
Gopinath Pillai: The current utilisation is about 82%, but before we started the expansion, we used to reach as high as 100%. Once the expansion is settled in a more normal fashion, our utilisation will go up to 90-95%.
ET Now: Any government incentives that your business gets and that really could impact your business?
Ravi Kannan: As far as the government is concerned, for the last three years, they have announced quite a few plans for us. Basically, we get excise benefits on the imported items. Second, on the depreciation part, we get 35AD benefits and third, going forward, the government will look at the other benefits of encouraging people like us to put up a warehouse in India.
As far as the GST is concerned, we expect the volumes to go up from our customers. Today, moving up products from one state to another takes some time, but GST becomes seamless, it will help us a lot in increasing our volumes.
ET Now: Fuel and electricity costs have been rising in India. Will this impact your margins and profitability going forward?
Ravi Kannan: Today, we have a very clear metrics with the customers. There is power shortage in some locations. So what we do is beyond a certain 30-day working cycle, if there is a power shortage beyond X amount hours, we pass through this to the customers. We do not see the pressure coming on us. In a similar way on the fuel like as well, we pass on this to the customers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India-bound Malaysia Airlines flight return back after defectSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Kudumbashree: Kerala s Rs 2 262cr savings grp finances members  enterprises(How did she do it? Bindu became…)
In 2007, Bindu Pallichal, a homemaker from the Pravachambalam village near Thiruvananthapuram, decided to turn entrepreneur.
She began to experiment with ayurvedic oils and cosmetics because she knew Sanskrit (the oldest known ayurvedic texts were written in the ancient language). Problem was Sanskrit was her only capital or asset to speak of. There was no money to invest or land to build a manufacturing unit.
Today, Bindu's unit makes 21 ayurvedic food and cosmetic products, its mainstay an ingredient that claims to enhance memory. Her turnover stands at Rs 7 lakh, no mean achievement in a state where an entrepreneur is as rare as a teetotaller. Bindu has also bagged several awards at the state and national levels as a woman entrepreneur.
How did she do it? Bindu became a member of Kudumbashree, an all-women collective of members selected from poor households. The microenterprises of members like Bindu, who have been streamlined into neighbourhood groups (NHGs), are sustained by microfinance. The 2.59 lakh NHGs facilitate thrift mobilization — also known as small savings — and provide customized credit to its members, according to Manjula Bharathy, CEO, Organisation and Social Development of Kudumbashree.
Small savings of a few individuals may not amount to much. But what about 41 lakh women? That's the number of Kudumbashree members in Kerala. Taken together, their savings add up to Rs 2,262 crore. No company with operations based in Kerala has a turnover to match this money. Their sheer number allows Kudumbashree members to access linkage banking — loans extended to self-help groups (SHGs), or 'ayalkoottams', by cooperative and nationalized banks under the aegis of government-run Nabard — insurance schemes, grants, interest subsidies and the like.
In many ways, the success of Kudumbashree should not surprise. In Kerala, politics smothers the lonely pursuits of individuals. A collective effort is a different story. Trade unions are mighty because they have the numbers. Total literacy mission and the widely lauded People's Planning Programme are all people's efforts. The state, put simply, is a shining example of places that tap the vast power of people's collectives to resolve vexing problems in society. The Kudumbashree Mission, at the heart of which is 'group formation and collectivization' of women to fight poverty and achieve economic empowerment, is the latest in a series of such efforts.
To understand the impact of Kudumbashree, one simply has to look at its scope. The 41-lakh members in the movement translate into nearly 50% of the households in the state. In other words, half the state's population makes a living out of this programme. Kudumbashree's success gains even more shine because of one constant problem in Kerala. The men usually spend a big part of their income on vices such as liquor, cigarettes, drugs and gambling.
The family gets little. Ergo, the money earned by a woman becomes critical. Kudumbashree today runs about 35,000 microenterprises in fields as diverse as food processing and handicraft and cosmetics. These units are managed by women from poor families with no formal training, remember.
  Building a Future
Initially, the Kudumbashree movement restricted itself to a few areas in farming and agri-business such as rice and vegetable cultivation and making curry powder, pickles, rice powder and so on. Members have since ventured into fields such as construction, driving, cafes, brand development — long seen as the preserve of men in Kerala. "Thanks to our huge fund, our senior officials can even think of promoting a bank," said Sindhu K, a Kudumbashree member in Alangode, a village in Malappuram district that borders Thrissur.
Alangode, for example, is today a model for community farming and agri-based product development for the rest of the state thanks to the work by Kudumbashree workers like Sindhu. The Alangode Kudumbashree Community Development Society (CDS) — Sindhu is its vice-president — has many members cultivating paddy. Their produce was once sold through the state-owned Kerala Civil Supplies Corporation (Supplyco). But Supplyco withdrew from procurement because of financial problems. The women of Alangode were taken aback only briefly. They began selling their rice directly under the Kudumbashree brand name.
The area under paddy cultivation by Kudumbashree in the state stands at 157,926 acres. The women are raring to increase the area under cultivation. Besides Kudumbashree rice, the group also makes and sells rice flakes and organic vegetables. Success stories like these are legion. Beena Paul, a 40-plus leader of a 38-member team, including engineers and supervisors, has undertaken the construction of 87 singlestorey houses for tribals in Edakkattuvayal panchayat in Ernakulam district, "This is our first project.

LIC investment in equity mkt to cross Rs 55 000cr in FY 15LIC investment in equity market to cross Rs 55,000 crore in FY'15
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 11.46AM IST
Tags:
CIL
(In the current fiscal, LIC has…)
NEW DELHI: Country's largest insurer LIC has lined up over Rs 55,000 crore for investment in the equity market in the current fiscal, a part of which will be used for picking up stakes in PSUs during the disinvestment process.
"We will invest a total of Rs 55,000 crore or even more in the equity market in the current fiscal," LIC Chairman SK Roy told PTI.
Asked how much LIC has been earmarked for the upcoming disinvestment, Roy said that Rs 55,000 crore "covers all" type of investments.
LIC had picked up stocks worth Rs 51,000 crore last fiscal and investments were made across sectors.
The public sector insurer has been a key investor in the disinvestment programme of the government.
The government recently gave go ahead to disinvestment of its part stakes in ONGC , CIL and NHPC , which together may earn Rs 43,000 crore to the exchequer. It is also planning to sell 5 per cent stake in SAIL and 10 per cent each in RINL and HAL in the current fiscal.
Roy also informed LIC investment in the bond market may touch Rs 2.5 lakh crore in the fiscal ending March 2015.
In the current fiscal, the life insurer has raised its stakes in many public sector banks including United Bank of India, Central Bank of India and Bank of Maharashtra by picking up preferential shares.
Some more banks would make preferential allotment to LIC during course of the year.
During the first quarter ended June, 2014-15 fiscal, LIC earned a total premium of Rs 14,016 crore, lower than Rs 14,295 crore in the year-ago period.
LIC with 75 per cent market share collected Rs 41,441 crore from individual premiums and Rs 48,682 crore in group premiums, aggregating to a total of Rs 90,124 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India business growing but on watch mode: TCSIT services
(Despite rising revenues…)
NEW DELHI: Despite rising revenues from India, IT services major Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) remains cautious on the country saying it is waiting for "more broad-based confidence" to come back.
The Mumbai-based firm, which registered revenues of over USD 3.6 billion in the April-June 2014 quarter, saw its India business grow at five per cent.
"Last quarter also, we had a growth in India and this quarter also, we expect to have growth in India; however, we want to still keep it on a watch mode because we are still waiting for more broad-based confidence to come back," TCS Chief Financial Officer Rajesh Gopinathan told analysts.
He added that though the company is witnessing some amount of momentum but it is "early days yet" to call it a big turnaround.
"However, it will grow and we expect it to grow better than average this quarter also," he said.
According to TCS' Annual Report for FY2013-14, India accounted for 6.71 per cent of the company's revenue (Rs 5,487.8 crore) compared to Rs 4,890.26 crore (7.76 per cent) of the total revenues in fiscal 2013.
North America, which is the company's largest market, accounted for 53.03 per cent, followed by the UK (17.42 per cent), Europe (11.22 per cent) and Asia Pacific (7.22 per cent).
Asked if the growth in India is coming from couple of clients or is more broad-based, Gopinathan said growth is coming across both government as well as private sector.
"Is it broad based? Technically, yes. But, does it give us confidence on it? Not yet," he added.
TCS is scheduled to announce financial results for the July-September quarter on October 16, 2014.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Tata Steels Gopalpur ferro chrome unit to start operations by MarchHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Tata Steel’s Gopalpur ferro chrome unit to start operations by March
PTI
Tweet
Bhubaneswar, Sept 14:  
The first unit of the 55,000-tonne per annum ferro chrome plant being set up by Tata Steel at Gopalpur in Odisha’s Ganjam district is all set to start operations by March 2015.
The steel major has already got in-principle approvals from the designated authorities to set up an industrial park at the same location, company officials said.
Spread over 2,970 acres of land, the industrial park includes a multi-product SEZ spread over 2,570 acres and an anchor project by Tata Steel over 400 acres.
Anchor investments of Rs 800 crore proposed to be made by Tata Steel at the Gopalpur Industrial Park include the ferro chrome plant, which is under construction after all statutory clearances, said Arun Misra, Vice-President, Gopalpur Project of Tata Steel.
The plant is expected to be commissioned by March 2015, with an employment opportunity for about 400 persons both directly and indirectly, he said.
“With the Gopalpur project being a top priority for the company, we are currently setting up a 55,000 TPA ferro chrome plant. We have recently filed documents seeking environment clearance for establishing another ferro chrome plant at the site,” Mishra said.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Maharashtra looking at JICA funding for Bandra-Versova sea linkMaharashtra looking at JICA funding for Bandra-Versova sea link
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 14:  
State-run road development corporation MSRDC is looking at funding from Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) for the ambitious Rs 5,975-crore Bandra-Versova sea link project.
“JICA has been funding major infrastructure projects in the country at lower interest rates. To give pace to our ambitious 9.3-km Bandra-Versova sea link project, we will seek funding from this Japanese institution,” Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) Joint Managing Director, SM Ramchandani, told PTI here over the weekend.
The Japanese lender has funded key projects like the multi-billion dollar Delhi-Mumbai Industrial Corridor (DMIC) and the upcoming Rs 23,136-crore 32.5 km Colaba-Seepz Metro project in the megapolis, and has also expressed readiness to fund the proposed Mumbai TransHarbour Link (MTHL).
The Bandra-Versova sea link is proposed to be developed on a public private partnership model and will be a tolled project. It will have approaches at Carter Road and Juhu, besides the terminal points at Bandra and Versova.
Ramchandani said if the project gets JICA funding, the concession period for toll collection could also come down to that extent. The corporation has also sought viability gap funding from the Centre, which may be up to 20 per cent of the project cost.
“If we get financial assistance from the Centre as well as JICA, the concession period for toll collection can come down till that extent. We have written to the Centre in this regard,” he said.
The corporation is currently evaluating the pre-qualification bids submitted by two consortia led by IRB Infrastructure and L&T.
“Six players had shown interest but only two submitted their bids. We are scrutinising the bids and if they qualify, only then we will invite financial bids. But if only one of them qualifies at this stage, we will have to do re-bidding to make the process competitive,” he said.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

LIC s investment in equities to top Rs 55 000 cr in FY15LIC's investment in equities to top Rs 55,000 cr in FY15
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
The country’s largest insurer LIC has lined up over Rs 55,000 crore for investment in the equity market in the current fiscal, a part of which will be used for picking up stakes in PSUs during the disinvestment process.
“We will invest a total of Rs 55,000 crore or even more in the equity market in the current fiscal,” LIC Chairman, SK Roy, told PTI.
Asked how much LIC has earmarked for the upcoming disinvestment, Roy said that Rs 55,000 crore “covers all” type of investments.
LIC had picked up stocks worth Rs 51,000 crore last fiscal and investments were made across sectors.
The public sector insurer has been a key investor in the disinvestment programme of the government.
The government recently gave the go ahead to disinvestment of its part stakes in ONGC, CIL and NHPC, which together may earn Rs 43,000 crore to the exchequer. It is also planning to sell 5 per cent stake in SAIL and 10 per cent each in RINL and HAL in the current fiscal.
Roy also informed LIC investment in the bond market may touch Rs 2.5 lakh crore in the fiscal ending March 2015.
In the current fiscal, the life insurer has raised its stakes in many public sector banks including United Bank of India, Central Bank of India and Bank of Maharashtra by picking up preferential shares.
Some more banks would make preferential allotment to LIC during course of the year.
During the first quarter ended June 2014-15 fiscal, LIC earned a total premium of Rs 14,016 crore, lower than Rs 14,295 crore in the year-ago period.
LIC with 75 per cent market share collected Rs 41,441 crore from individual premiums and Rs 48,682 crore in group premiums, aggregating a total of Rs 90,124 crore.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Non-repatriable NRI funds may get domestic investment tagNon-repatriable NRI funds may get domestic investment tag
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
In order to encourage more overseas investments into India, the Government has set up a committee to look into the possibility of treating non-repatriable NRI funds as domestic investment.
“The Committee will look into streamlining the process for NRI investments into India in the light of the Mayaram panel report on rationalising the FDI/FII definition,” an official told PTI.
The Committee to be headed by Finance Secretary Arvind Mayaram will include representatives from the ministries of industry, law and external affairs.
Among other things, it will also look at strengthening the reporting system of such investments by the non—resident Indians.
In June, the Mayaram panel had suggested the definitions for foreign direct investment (FDI) and foreign institutional investors (FIIs), but had suggested that the issue related to NRI investment should be looked into separately.
The official said the government now wants to channelise the funds of NRIs, who now have set up large businesses abroad, by treating non—repatriable investments by NRIs as domestic investment.
NRI is defined as a person who is residing outside India, but has Indian citizenship.
“NRIs may prefer investing through corporate entities now,” the official said, adding that the option would be looked into.
The Government had earlier allowed a vehicle called Overseas Corporate Bodies for NRI investments, but it was later derecognised in late 2003 because of various reasons.
“With suitable safeguards and checks, this can be revived in a different form and NRI investments enhanced,” the Mayaram committee had suggested.
Among other things, the Mayaram panel had suggested that foreign investment of over 10 per cent in a listed company be treated as FDI. For unlisted company, all foreign investment should be treated as FDI.
The recommendations aim at removing ambiguities over clear demarcation between FDI and FII.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Union Budget 2014-15 Highlights
Following are the highlights of the Union Budget 2014-15 presented by Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in Parliament on July 10, 2014
Income-tax exemption limit raised by Rs 50,000 to Rs 2.5 lakh and for senior citizens to Rs 3 lakh
Exemption limit for investment in financial instruments under 80C raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh.
Investment limit in PPF raised to Rs 1.5 lakh from Rs 1 lakh
Deduction limit on interest on loan for self-occupied house raised to Rs 2 lakh from Rs 1.5 lakh.
Committee to look into all fresh tax demands for indirect transfer of assets in wake of retrospective tax amendments of 2012
Fiscal deficit target retained at 4.1% of GDP for current fiscal and 3.6% in FY 16
Rs 150 crore allocated for increasing safety of women in large cities
LCD, LED TV become cheaper
Cigarettes, pan masala, tobacco, aerated drinks become costlier
5 IIMs to be opened in HP, Punjab, Bihar, Odisha and Rajasthan
5 more IITs in Jammu, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Andhra Pradesh and Kerala.
4 more AIIMS like institutions to come up in AP, West Bengal, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Poorvanchal in UP
Govt proposes to launch Digital India’ programme to ensure broad band connectivity at village level
National Rural Internet and Technology Mission for services in villages and schools, training in IT skills proposed
Rs 100 cr scheme to support about 600 new and existing Community Radio Stations
Rs 100 cr for metro projects in Lucknow and Ahmedabad
Govt expects Rs 9.77 lakh crore revenue crore from taxes
Govt’s plan expenditure pegged at Rs 5.75 lakh crore and non-Plan at Rs 12.19 lakh crore.
Rs 2,037 crore set aside for Integrated Ganga Conservation Mission called ‘Namami Gange’
Kisan Vikas Patra to be reintroduced, National Savings Certificate with insurance cover to be launched
FDI limit to be hiked to 49% pc in defence, insurance
Disinvestment target fixed at Rs 58,425 crore
Gross borrowings pegged at Rs 6 lakh crore
Contours of GST to be finalised this fiscal; Govt to look into DTC proposal.
‘Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya New Teachers Training Programme’ launched with initial sum of Rs 500 crore
Govt provides Rs 500 crore for rehabilitation of displaced Kashmiri migrants
Set aside Rs 11,200 crore for PSU banks capitalisation
Govt in favour of consolidation of PSU banks
Govt considering giving greater autonomy to PSU banks while making them accountable
Rs 7,060 crore for setting up 100 Smart Cities
A project on the river Ganga called ‘Jal Marg Vikas’ for inland waterways between Allahabad and Haldia; Rs 4,200 crore set aside for the purpose.
Govt proposes Ultra Modern Super Critical Coal Based Thermal Power Technology
Expenditure management commission to be setup; will look into food and fertilizer subsides
Impasse in coal sector will be resolved; coal will be provided to power plants already commissioned or to be commissioned by March 2015
Long term capial gains tax for mutual funds doubled to 20%; lock-in period increased to 3 years
Rs 4,000 cr set aside to increase flow of cheaper credit for affordable housing to the urban poor/EWS/LIG segment.
EPFO to launch the ‘Uniform Account Number’ service to facilitate portability of Provident Fund accounts
Mandatory wage ceiling of subscription to EPS (Employee Pension Scheme) raised from Rs 6,500 to Rs 15,000
Minimum pension increased to Rs 1,000 per month

Australia contributing planes for anti-IS campaignFILE - In this Monday, Aug. 11, 2014 file photo, a U.S. military plane lands on the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush, in the Persian Gulf. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Canberra | Posted: September 14, 2014 1:07 pm
Australia is preparing to contribute 600 troops and up to 10 military aircraft to the increasingly aggressive campaign against the Islamic State extremists in Syria and Iraq, Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Sunday.
Abbott said Australia was responding to a formal request from the United States for specific contributions to the international coalition.
President Barack Obama announced the more aggressive military campaign last week. Scores of U.S. airstrikes have been launched at select targets in Iraq, and U.S. planes and drones will be gathering intelligence on targets before launching airstrikes in Syria.
FILE – In this Sunday, Aug. 10, 2014, file photo, a fighter jet coming from Iraq lands on the flight deck of the U.S. Navy aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush, in the Persian Gulf. (Source: AP)
Australia will prepare up to eight F/A18 combat aircraft, an E-7A Wedgetail Early Warning and Control aircraft and a KC-30A Tanker and Transport aircraft to be deployed to the United Arab Emirates, a statement from Abbott’s office said.
The 400 air force personnel and 200 others in the contingent could be deployed this week, Abbott told reporters in Darwin.
The statement said special operations personnel who could assist Iraq’s security forces were being prepared also, but combat troops were not being deployed.

What made Scotland agree to a merger with England 300 yrs agoYou are here: Home > Collections > Scotland
What made Scotland agree to a merger with England 300 years ago? Prospects of growing rich in India
Vikram Doctor, ET Bureau Sep 14, 2014, 04.07AM IST
Tags:
Scotland
(Haggis was news because…)
Michael Currie, the chieftain of the Delhi Caledonian Society, which promotes Scottish connections and culture, knows of someone in Delhi who makes a proper haggis. This could be described as a primitive sausage made of sheep offal (liver, lungs, heart) mixed with oats and spices, stuffed in a sheep stomach and boiled. Haggis is one of the great symbols of Scotland and imperative on the menu at occasions like Burns Night, January 25, the birthday of national poet Robert Burns, or St Andrew's Day, November 30, the feast of Scotland's patron saint. But Currie can't tell how this Delhi haggis tastes. "I'm vegetarian," he says. "We get a version made with nuts, lentils and vegetables." It sounds like oats uppuma. The Times of India (ToI) on November 13, 1897 described haggis in detail, including recipes using lamb offal, calf 's head and even a sweet version, but not vegetarian. The haggis then served in Bombay came in cans from Scotland, and on October 27, 1928, ToI reported happily that frozen haggis had arrived just in time.
Haggis was news because St Andrew's Day was a big event across India. Its timing meant it kicked off the 'cold season' when much of the work, and partying, in British India got done. It was the rare chance for the predominantly English government officials to meet the predominantly Scottish merchants and hear their concerns. Above all, it was a chance for Scots to show their numbers and power. In 1868 Sir Charles Dilke had written how "from Dunedin to Bombay, for every Englishman that you meet who has worked himself to wealth from small beginnings without external aid, you find ten Scotchmen. It is strange, indeed, that Scotland has not become the popular term for the United Kingdom."
Visions of an Empire
Dilke's words might seem ironic in a week when Scotland might vote to end that United Kingdom. A thwarted desire for empire was why Scotland had assented to the 1707 union of parliaments of the two countries, which is essentially what the current referendum seeks to end. And the empire the British offered was the glue that got them to stay in it. It is a story that starts, like many Scottish stories, with disaster and drink. The disaster was the Darien scheme, an ambitious attempt for Scotland to grow abroad as other European countries were doing in the 17th century. Scotland was technically independent then, only joined to England by a common monarch, but in practice found itself marginalized by powerful English interests, like the East India Company (EIC).
The EIC was then rapidly expanding its control in India and perhaps this persuaded Scottish leaders they needed their own colonies. Without access to foreign funds, they raised what they could within Scotland and picked the Gulf of Darien in Panama as the place from where to build a Scottish empire. But the expeditions that sailed, in 1698 and 1699, almost instantly failed in the hot, malarial climate, and this wiped out a large chunk of Scotland's wealth. This dire financial situation pushed the Scottish elites into considering an offer of union with England.
The English offer came from the events of 1688 when the strongly Protestant country deposed King James II for being Catholic, and put his daughter Mary, and her Dutch husband William on the throne. James's supporters, the Jacobites, kept plotting to regain control and since the royal family was Scottish ( James's grandfather, James VI of Scotland, succeeded Elizabeth I as James I of England) one way would have been to invade Scotland and claim its throne. When Mary's sister Anne became Queen in 1702 the English government decided to secure the throne by merging the kingdoms.
  Ship to India
Some nobles benefitted from the Union, but it was very unpopular with most Scots. The English at first mostly ignored Scottish discontent, but events like the tax riots of 1725 forced their attention. The tax was on malt, the basic ingredient in beer and whisky, which was hitting Scots where it hurt. The furious reaction made Sir Robert Walpole, the prime minister, realize appeasement was needed — and India was the answer. "It was to be bribery, but there were few lay or ecclesiastical preferments in Scotland to spread around. Only the abundance of EIC favours saved the day," writes George K McGilvary, in his paper "The Scottish Connection with India, 1725-1833".

How marketers can build brands without spending too much(Red Bull sales went up past…)
By Mahesh Murthy
A little less than two years ago, Austrian skydiver Felix Baumgartner jumped from a hot air balloon 39 km above the earth. He didn't just change sky diving records — he also changed marketing directors' notions on how to build brands. Baumgartner's jump was conceptualized, paid for and managed by energy-drink company Red Bull. Organising it cost less than $15 million, but it was aired for free on 40 TV networks in 50 countries, set YouTube viewership records globally and generated at least $150 million worth of adequivalent publicity for Red Bull.
But it wasn't just visibility. Red Bull sales went up past the $5-billion mark and profits rose too — remember you pay Rs 95 for Red Bull's 200-ml canto and Rs 20 for Coke's 330-ml. All this while Red Bull spent next to nothing on ads or media, and is the dominant leader in energy drinks with four times Coke's market share.
Spain-based retailer Zara does even better. It's grown to $20 billion in sales and the largest apparel brand in the world, but you'll never see its ads in the glossies or on TV. This is because it has never needed to advertise.
The story is more common online. Dominant brands like Google, Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp have never needed to advertise. Quick, when did you ever see an ad for them? In fact, WhatsApp at the time of its sale to Facebook (for $19 billion) said it didn't even have a marketing person on the rolls.
Ad Spend and Brand Health
This is the new age of brand building. Smart marketers have figured out that they can grow top line and profits without having to spend much on ads and media, if they have the insight and intuition on how to be remark-worthy so that the public gets to talk about them and do the job that otherwise expensive 20-second commercials do.
And in every case — contrary to marketing consultant Kotler and the outdated norms of "shareof-voice" and "share-of-spend" — dominant brands have spent much less than the No. 2 and stragglers.
Ralph Lauren and Calvin Klein, a fraction of Zara's size, outspend it to no avail. Bing spent a huge amount on ads but couldn't budge Google a bit. Closer home, WeChat enlisted Bollywood stars and big budgets but didn't deter WhatsApp even the slightest.
Some Indian brands have learnt the art: Red-Bus — caveat, I was an investor here — grew to eight times' MakeMyTrip's size in bus ticketing without spending a dime on TV or print. CarWale — again an investee — grew past better funded competition by choosing not to burn their funding on expensive ads. Increasingly, a big ad spend is not a sign of brand health, but of brand illness. If your brand needs to pay to be on media and can't earn its way there by its own remark-worthiness, then you're simply not being smart enough.
As I'm fond of saying, your advertising budget is inversely proportional to your marketing IQ. What can you do to change this? Start by recognising the enemy. Consider this example.
Say I was a doctor and I didn't really charge much of a fee for my prescriptions but instead took a kickback on the drugs I asked you to buy. Of course, I'd prescribe as much as I could get away with — but very soon you wouldn't trust me one bit.
So why would you trust the agency system that works exactly this way? We spend Rs 35,000 crore on media every year — that's about Rs 3,500 crore in undeclared kickbacks to media agencies above and beyond the fees that you give them. Remember it's called an agency because it's an agent. Creative agencies are the other half of the problem. When they can charge Rs 2 crore for a TV commercial and Rs 2 lakh for one on YouTube, you can imagine which one they recommend. Even though the viewership of YouTube or mobile video far eclipses that of every other TV channel in India.
  Doing it Differently
The answer to everything is not to go digital — thought that's certainly a step. It's pointless to buy likes on Facebook, and more pointless to pay for visibility there. Smart brands will work to get it for free.
What it comes down to is this: can you find a way of being talked about by people? Start with the offering itself — how different or delight-inspiring can your product or service be? Decathlon has grown to lead sports goods retail in India without hiring a celeb athlete or paying ESPN. This is because the stores are remark-worthy. If the product isn't talk-worthy, can you create a buzz around it? Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), an unknown disease, made headlines with the ice bucket challenge that went from mouth to mouth and head to head. Cadbury Dairy Milk won the last IPL without being a sponsor — by out-smarting and not outspending Pepsi, which was.
There's a free media network that covers a few billion people called word of mouth. If you're smart, you can consistently use it to win the market. If you're not, well there are a bunch of agencies waiting to take your money.
The writer is a marketing expert and venture capitalist
FEATURED ARTICLES

The missing women of Indian scienceThe missing women of Indian science
Poulomi Banerjee , Hindustan Times   September 14, 2014
First Published: 11:15 IST(14/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:00 IST(14/9/2014)
Comments
It offers little scope for display of physical prowess or machismo, yet the arena of science and scientific research is as male dominated as the defence or emergency services. Fresh graduates in recent years, may have swelled the ranks of software developers in information technology firms, but when it comes to core engineering and science, campuses, research institutes and laboratories still remain a boys club, where the few women present are more of an oddity than the norm.
Recently, the Ministry of Human Resource Development attempted to correct the imbalance, by nominating Tessy Thomas and Vijayalakshmi Ravindranath to the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Council, the governing body for all 16 IITs. These are the first women scientists to have been nominated to the council. The union minister for science and technology, Jitendra Singh, also announced a fresh scheme titled KIRAN (Knowledge Involvement in Research Advancement through Nurturing) which will seek to bring gender parity in the field of science and technology by creating leadership positions for women. The scheme would look at a mobility mechanism for women scientists who have to change residences due to family compulsions and provide them with feasible employment opportunities. The Department of Science and Technology, one of three major departments under the Ministry of Science (the other two being the Department of Biotechnology and the Department of Science and Industrial Research) already has in place a Women Scientists Scheme. “Many women scientists suffer a break in their careers because of motherhood and family responsibilities. This scheme provides opportunities to women scientists and technologists between the age group of 30-55 years who desire to return to mainstream science and work as bench-level scientists,” explains Dr DR Prasada Raju, scientist-advisor at the Department of Science and Technology. Under this scheme, the department offers scholarships for research in basic and applied science, scholarship for research in science and technology-based societal programs and internship for selfemployment. Additionally, a mentoring programme has been initiated to improve Ph.D standards in engineering institutions in which women scientists and their Ph.D. supervisors participated. “Traditionally, social conditioning has not been in favour of seeing women as engineers. Their number is more in the life sciences. In many southern states, where engineering institutes have 40% reservation for women, the number of women studying engineering is more,” says Dr. Prasada Raju. The department has also been providing support for six Women’s Universities under the CURIE (Consolidation of University Research for Innovation and Excellence in Women Universities) programme since 2009. “We have also started leadership programmes for women scientists, because their numbers are few at the top,” adds Raju. The department’s Annual Report 2013-14, available on its website, mentions that the department received a total of 1037 (plus 300 in Societal Research Fellowship) new proposals from women scientists in this period under the women’s empowerment schemes, of which a total number of 267 projects have been sanctioned. The numbers look encouraging when seen in isolation. But Dr Jyoti Sharma, principal scientific officer, in-charge, science and technology based Societal & IPR Research Fellowship for Women scientists, reveals that of the total scientific manpower in India today, the percentage of women in full-time employment at research and development organisations is only 17%. Also, earlier only 13% of fresh research proposals received in a year would be from women scientists. Today, after a decade of efforts to empower them, the number has gone up to 31%.
Many complain of a gap when it comes to women scientists who have received prestigious awards. According to figures presented in a paper by Dr Vineeta Bal of the National Institute of Immunology, New Delhi, of the total 387 Shanti Swarup Bhatnagar awardees between 1958 and 2004, only eight have been women. Physicist Rohini Godbole feels the only way to ensure recognition for women scientists and boost their presence at the top, is to increase their number at the grassroots level. “We need to stem the leak in early careers for women scientists and realise that the solution to the career-life balance is not only providing ways to come back after a break but to make the passing over the speed breaker for the young ones, manageable,” she says.
A 2008 report of the National Task Force for Women in Science had submitted a list of recommendations to attract and nurture talents to women in science. In addition to an annual gender audit, the task force had suggested introducing time-bound recruitment target systems, having women’s representations in search and hiring committees and promoting women scientists as science planners and managers. Still, six years down the line, while steps have been taken to make science more women friendly (the Department of Science and Technology claims KIRAN will cover most of the taskforce’s recommendations) the glass ceiling is yet to be broken.

Airbus to maintain Vistara fleet; AirWorks may bag MRO dealSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Kingfisher loan default only a  trickle : Vinod RaiSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Indian auto industry can touch $300 billion mark by 2026:StudyRevenues of the Indian auto industry can rise 5-fold to hit the USD 300 billion mark. (Reuters)
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 1:39 pm
Revenues of the Indian auto industry can rise 5-fold to hit the USD 300 billion mark, and volumes can log in over 3-fold increase to around 76 million units by 2026, according to a report.
As per the Vision 2026, prepared by ICRA Management Consulting Services (IMaCS) as an input for the Automotive Mission Plan (AMP) 2026, passenger vehicle sales will grow to 13.4 million units per annum from 3.1 million in FY14.
It said commercial vehicle sales will rise to 3.9 million units from 0.7 million in FY14; of two-wheelers, to 55.5 million units from 16.9 million, and of three wheelers to 3 million units from 0.8 million units.
It is estimated that the Indian auto industry will grow to 75.8 million units by FY 2026 as compared to 21.5 million units in FY14.
“Vision 2026 will enable the Indian auto industry to contribute around 13 per cent to GDP, generation of additional 100 million jobs and attract more than USD 80 billion in investments,” it said.
According to it, vehicle export revenues are expected to touch USD 40 billion by 2026 from USD 8 billion in FY14, while the component exports are expected to rise to USD 74 billion over USD 10 billion in FY14.
As per the document, over the next 10 years there will be a shift in global trend with 75 per cent of incremental demand expected to come from BRICS and emerging economies.
It also expects the proportions of A and B segments (compact cars) to rise sharply in the next decade. It further anticipates India to be among the top three automotive markets in the world.
The document also lists various factors like creation of infrastructure, human resources and incentivisation as the enablers to achieve the targets under the Vision 2026 plan.
Further, the implementation of GST, ban on overloading in commercial vehicles and urban planning are some of the factors which would help the Indian auto industry grow in the next 10 years, it added.
The AMP 2026 is under formulation but the economic slowdown in the last three years that resulted in a demand slump is expected to force the Indian auto industry to miss by up to 25 per cent of the targets set in AMP 2016.
The auto industry had set an ambitious target under the AMP 2006-2016 to take its annual turnover to USD 145 billion with special emphasis on export of small cars, MUVs, two and three wheelers and auto components.
AMP 2006-2016, announced in 2006, had set a goal for India to become the “destination of choice in the world for the design and manufacture of automobiles and auto components with output reaching a level of USD 145 billion accounting for more than 10 per cent of GDP and providing additional employment continued…

Top 5 Sensex companies lose around Rs 37 cr from marketcapThe market valuation of top five Sensex companies fell by Rs 36,971.61 crore last week, with ONGC and Sun Pharma being the worst hit. (Reuters)
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 1:32 pm
The market valuation of top five Sensex companies fell by Rs 36,971.61 crore last week, with ONGC and Sun Pharma being the worst hit.
While ONGC, RIL, CIL, Infosys and Sun Pharma saw losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), TCS, ITC, HDFC Bank, SBI and ICICI Bank witnessed gains.
The m-cap of ONGC plunged Rs 11,421.58 crore to Rs 3,67,158.86 crore, while Sun Pharma lost Rs 10,749.03 crore to Rs 1,66,910.28 crore from its valuation.
Coal India’s value dipped Rs 8,400.77 crore at Rs 2,26,094.26 crore; Infosys (Rs 3,327.7 crore at Rs 2,10,879.62 crore) and RIL (Rs 3,072.53 crore at Rs 3,28,501.95 crore).
On the other hand, the m-cap of SBI surged Rs 8,227.23 crore to reach Rs 1,96,020.23 crore, while ITC added Rs 4,421.88 crore to touch Rs 2,83,518.18 crore.
ICICI Bank’s market valuation rose by Rs 1,943.15 crore at Rs 1,81,069.22 crore, TCS (Rs 1,733.47 crore at Rs 5,10,415.13 crore) and HDFC Bank (Rs 1,677.83 crore at Rs 2,06,458.39 crore).
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at number position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 34.34 points to close at 27,061.04.
 

Mutual Funds plan more equity-oriented funds to cash in on marketrallyEnthused by the ongoing rally in the stock markets, mutual fund houses are bullish about industry growth driven by equity-oriented funds. (Thinkstock)
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 14, 2014 1:26 pm
Enthused by the ongoing rally in the stock markets, mutual fund houses are bullish about industry growth driven by equity-oriented funds.
It may be noted that the Sensex has been the best performing index so far this fiscal, rallying by over 32 per cent in dollar terms year-to-date.
Despite concerns over “tapering”, FIIs have been pumping money into domestic equities, which have crossed USD 13 billion, making India one of the largest recipients amongst emerging markets.
MF Players like ICICI Asset Management Company and Union KBC Asset Management Company plan to launch more equity-oriented funds to cash in on the boom.
Union KBC Asset Management Company, which at present manages six funds, including three funds in the mid and small-cap categories in equities alone, plans to launch two more funds by the end of the fiscal, including an equity fund and a capital protection fund.
“We have plans to launch two more products by the fiscal-end. While the first one will be in the equity category, the other one will be a capital protection fund falling under the fixed income category,” Union KBC AMC chief executive G Pradeepkumar told PTI on the sidelines of an industry event here over the weekend.
Union KBC AMC has a customer base of 1,25,000 and plans to take it to 30 lakh over the next five years.
“We are looking at adding 50,000 folios to our current 1,25,000 folios by the end of current fiscal itself. Moreover, we are looking at taking at least 10 per cent of the 3-crore odd customer base of Union Bank of India over next five years,” he said.
 

Vistara outsources  engineering services  to...You are here: Home > Collections > Airbus
Airbus to maintain Vistara fleet; AirWorks may bag MRO deal
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 12.49PM IST
Tags:
Airbus
(The full service carrier,…)
MUMBAI: The Tata-Singapore Airlines venture Vistara has outsourced its engineering support services to original equipment maker Airbus and is also negotiating with homegrown AirWorks for maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) of its fleet, sources close to the development said today.
The full service carrier, which was earlier expected to take wings by the middle of next month, may now take a couple of months to launch its operations due to pending technical regulatory approvals.
"Vistara, which will have an all-Airbus fleet to begin with, has outsourced day-to-day maintenance of its fleet to the European aviation major Airbus," sources told PTI here.
However, when contacted, both Vistara and AirWorks spokespersons declined to comment on the development.
An announcement to this effect is likely to be announced soon, sources said.
Last month, Vistara Chief Executive Phee Teik Yeoh had said that he plans to have a fleet of five aircraft by the end of the year.
The Delhi-based airline has already decided to lease 20 Airbus A320s, including seven A320 Neos which have the latest technology.
The airline is also in discussions with AirWorks for awarding the contract for maintenance, repair and overhaul of its aircraft.
Vistara, which is the third full service carrier in the country after national carrier Air India and Jet Airways, would operate from its base Delhi and connect Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Goa, Chandigarh, Srinagar, Jammu and Patna in the first year, as per the plan submitted to the regulator DGCA while applying for the air operator's permit in April this year.
It plans to operate 87 flights in the first year, with five leased Airbus A320s, and then scale it up to 301 flights by the fourth year
FEATURED ARTICLES

CIC issues show-cause notices to Sonia Gandhi  Amit ShahSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

New owners take over Hockey India League s Mumbai franchiseSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

5 Tips on How to Get the Best Deal on a Car Loan5 tips on how to get the best deal on a car loan
Herb Weisbaum, TODAY contributor
email
comment
More Americans are struggling to make their car payments on time. The numbers, while still low, are definitely on the rise.
According to the latest State of the Automotive Finance Market report from Experian Automotive:
60-day loan delinquencies in the second quarter of 2014 increased by 7 percent (from 0.58 to 0.62 percent) from the previous year.
The rate of auto repossessions in the second quarter took a significant jump — up more than 70 percent (to 0.62 percent) from a year earlier.
“The rosy glow of perfect payment performance in the automotive space is beginning to tarnish,” said Melinda Zabritski, senior director of auto finance at Experian Automotive.
The increase in payment problems was expected as the number of loans to subprime borrowers has grown following the Great Recession, Zabritski said.
Her advice to car buyers is simple: “When you buy a car, make sure it’s something you can afford, something that truly meets your budget. That way you won’t end up as one of these delinquency statistics.”
To get the best loan deal, you need to do your homework. Here are five things you should do:
1. Check your credit reports.
Get a report from each of the three major credit reporting agencies: Experian, Equifax and TransUnion. Use the website annualcreditreport.com , which was set up by the federal government for this purpose.
“You want to check all three because you don’t know which one the lender will use and you want to give yourself time to fix any mistakes,” explained Gerri Detweiler, director of consumer education for  Credit.com . “I found a mistake when I went to buy a car a few years ago, and if I hadn’t straightened it out, it would have cost me a lot of money.”
Detweiler suggests that you also check your credit score. The interest rates you’ll be offered – if you can get a loan at all – will be based on your score.
You can get your credit score for free from a number of sites, such as Credit.com , CreditKarma and CreditSesame . Some credit card issuers also provide it. This will not be the exact same score the lender uses, but it will give you a good idea of where you stand.
2. Shop around for the best rate.   
You shop around to get a good deal on your new vehicle, so why wouldn’t you shop around for the loan to pay for it? Most people don’t. They go to the dealer without doing any homework.
“That just means you have a target painted on your back,” said Liz Weston , personal finance columnist and author of the book, "Deal with Your Debt." “Bad things are going to happen to you when you haven’t done your research and you don’t have your loan lined up before you start shopping for a car.”
Eight out of 10 car buyers finance at the dealership, according to the nonprofit Center for Responsible Lending . Maybe it’s the convenience or the lure of ads that offer incredibly low-interest rates. Just remember, those super-low rates are only for customers with excellent credit scores.
Credit unions and community banks are the best place to start. They typically offer the best rates on car loans.
“A lot of people just assume they’re getting the best rate and terms from the dealer, and that’s the last assumption you should make,” Weston said. “You can apply for that loan, have it all set up, and then pull the plug at the last minute, if the dealer’s offer is better.”
3. Choose the shortest loan you can afford. 
As cars have become more expensive, car loans have gotten longer. You can now finance that new set of wheels for seven, eight or possibly nine years. The longer term reduces the monthly payment, but it will also drive up your total cost.
“You definitely pay more in the long run because these long loans typically have high-interest rates,” cautioned Mike Quincy with Consumer Reports Autos . “Try to limit your car loan to about 48 months. That’s the optimal amount of time you should pay for your car.”
Yes, that means a higher monthly payment, but you’ll get out of debt faster.
The Federal Trade Commission has a worksheet that helps you compare different financing offers with different terms.
4. Beware of the yo-you finance scam. 
You sign all the paperwork, get the keys to your shiny new car and drive it home, assuming the deal is done. A few days or weeks later, someone from the dealership calls and says they were unable to get the financing approved at the agreed-upon price.
You must return the car to the dealership, they say, or negotiate a new loan at a higher interest rate. If you don’t, you could lose your deposit and trade-in, and you may even be charged a rental fee for the time you had the vehicle. Faced with this situation, most people cave.
How can they do this?
“Most dealers, don’t consider the sale final until the money is in their account and that could be anywhere from a few hours to a couple of days,” said Chris Kulka, senior vice president at the Center For Responsible Lending .
Chances are this was disclosed somewhere in all the paperwork you signed in the dealer’s financing office.
“The only way to protect yourself is to either get your financing elsewhere or tell the dealer that you’re not going to take the car until the financing is deemed final,” Kulka said.
5. Don’t get hung-up on the monthly payment.
A lot of people assume that if they can afford the monthly payment, they got a good deal on the car.
“That’s a huge mistake,” said Jack Gillis, author of " The Car Book 2014 ."
Buying a new car typically involves three different negotiations. There’s the price of the vehicle, the value of your trade-in and the financing. And they need to be kept separate.
“If you just look at the monthly payment, you’ll have no idea what you’re being charged for the car, you won’t really know what you’re getting for your old vehicle and you won’t know what the interest rate really is,” Gillis warned. “The artificially low monthly payment will disguise the fact that you’re paying more than you should for the car and financing and getting less than you could for your trade-in.”
The salesperson will probably ask how much you can afford to pay each month – they’re trained to do that. Gillis says there’s no need to answer.
Keep in mind: If you are pre-approved for the loan before you head to the dealership, you can concentrate on haggling for the lowest price for the car and highest amount for your trade-in without the added pressure of negotiating the interest rate and other details of your loan.
Herb Weisbaum is The ConsumerMan. Follow him on Facebook and Twitter or visit The ConsumerMan website.
Tags:

Maruti Expects Double-Digit Sales Growth This YearOil Hits 26-Month Low Under $97 on Weak China Data
Country's largest car maker Maruti Suzuki India expects to see strong sales growth this year, a top company executive said. "I expect that our company will continue to grow in double digits this year," said Chairman RC Bhargava.
Mr Bhargava also remained bullish about festive season sales. "Normally we see an improvement 20-25 per cent in sales during the festive season so we expect that the trend will continue this year also," he said.
When asked about the discounting trend followed by the industry to push sales, he said: "While we are growing at double digits, rest of industry is not growing so well. And there are many companies which are not growing at all. If there is discounting being done by some companies then others have to follow suit."
On its upcoming model Ciaz in mid-sized sedan segment, Mr Bhargava said: "We hope this car will do better than what we have achieved in the past."
Maruti Suzuki India plans to roll out its light commercial vehicles (LCV) project on a limited scale. "We will begin the LCV project on a very limited scale and take the initiative forward by understanding the marketing and sales experience. We will slowly roll out it as we do not want to rush into it. The commercial vehicle sector is a new sector for us," he said.
Maruti will have a separate sales and service network for the LCV.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 13:50 (IST)

Spending: What I ll do with my Jeopardy winnings0
I had about $12,000 to $15,000 in undergrad loans that I paid off before I went to grad school. My mother helped me out a lot with that, and after college I lived at home for a long time. I ended up borrowing $30,000 for graduate school. After I finished, I went into consulting. I was pretty well compensated and didn't have an expensive lifestyle. My personal expenses were fairly minimal, and I prioritized paying off the debt as quickly as possible, but not at the expense of contributing to my retirement accounts. Those were my two priorities. I finished paying off my loans last May.
How do you deal with requests from family, friends, charities or entrepreneurs for a gift or a loan?
I've gotten a few "Please join my pyramid scheme" requests. But not that many people I know have asked me for money. I think I'm a little too risk-averse to get involved in anything too risky.
Have you considered getting financial advice from a professional?
I received my check with only California state taxes withheld, so I think I'm probably going to hire a tax professional. As far as investing, I'll wait and see. I don't want or need to make any hasty decisions.
What's next?
Things are settling down, so I can focus a little more on a job search. I've been in supply-chain management pretty much my whole professional life. I've done a lot of things in that area, and I may go back to that.-- Sandra Block
(Send your questions and comments to moneypower@kiplinger.com . And for more on this and similar money topics, visit Kiplinger.com .)
(c) 2014 Kiplinger's Personal Finance; Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

Microsoft Needs Minecraft to Boost Mobile AmbitionsYou are here: Home Corporates
Microsoft Needs Minecraft to Boost Mobile Ambitions
Reuters | Updated On: September 13, 2014 17:03 (IST)
Jet Airways Offers Special Fares for Business Class
Seattle: Microsoft's impending purchase of Mojang, the Swedish developer with 100 million players of its open world Minecraft game, is more aimed at pulling users onto the software company's obscure mobile platform than its better known PC system or Xbox game console.
The software company's Windows Phone system has only 2.5 per cent of the world's smartphone market, and its Surface tablet barely more, according to tech research firm IDC. Growth is hampered because many app and game developers ignore it.
Enter Minecraft, which is the top paid app both on Apple Inc's iOS and Google Inc's Android systems. Microsoft will unveil a $2.5 billion deal to buy its owner on Monday, according to a source briefed on the matter.
"It seems like Microsoft is looking at Mojang and Minecraft as a way to tap into this enormous cultural phenomenon," said Dave Bisceglia, Chief Executive of independent game studio Tap Lab. "If you look at iOS, Minecraft has been a top-grossing game for quite some time, if Microsoft could on Windows phones give players a unique and compelling experience that you can't get on the other platforms, that could be a driver to sell devices to existing Minecraft fans."
Microsoft does not disclose numbers of users of Windows Phones, and declined comment on the deal.
Minecraft was launched five years ago as a PC game, but 54 million sales later, about 40 per cent of copies are downloaded onto phones and tablets. Left to their own devices, it does not seem likely that Mojang's 40-strong team would ever get round to designing a Windows Phone version of Minecraft.
Markus Persson, the game's creator and co-founder of Mojang, said last year that Windows phones are so insignificant in terms of market share that they are not worth developing for.
"Because it's tiny," Persson wrote in an email to Reuters last June, when asked why his company only made mobile versions of its games for iOS and Android, but not Windows Phone.
"Both Symbian and Blackberry have more users than Windows Phone," wrote Persson, referring to Nokia's discontinued operating system and the fading Canadian smartphone pioneer.
Wall Street is focused on the mobile benefits for Microsoft.
"We don't view this acquisition as a signal of Microsoft's intent to double down on Xbox but consider it an attempt to better address mobile on a cross-platform basis," said Nomura analyst Rick Sherlund in a note to clients this week. "This also appears to be consistent with (Microsoft) CEO Satya Nadella's mobile and cloud strategy."
Microsoft is expected to pay close to $2.5 billion for Mojang, or about 8 times sales last year. That is small change for Microsoft, which has $86 billion in cash and short-term investments. But it is relatively large and expensive for game company acquisitions, which do not have a stellar record of success.
Japan's SoftBank Corp paid $1.53 billion for a 50 per cent stake in Finnish game maker Supercell last year at about 3.5 times projected annual sales. Electronic Arts' $750 million acquisition of PopCap in 2011 was valued around 10 to 11 times sales.
Joost van Dreunen, Chief Executive of research firm SuperData, said the price tag "seems like a lot for a title that has certainly not peaked but is certainly not in its initial frenzy."
He doubts that Minecraft can really help Windows phone sales: "Minecraft itself has done very well on the iOS platform, but it's better on the iPad, the screen is bigger," he said. "I don't see why this could drive handset sales."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Ukraine forces repel rebel attack on Donetsk airportA Ukrainian army helicopter flies over their positions in Debaltsevo, Donetsk region, Ukraine, Friday, Sept. 12, 2014. The cease-fire between the separatists and the Ukrainian military in eastern Ukraine has largely held. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Kiev | Posted: September 13, 2014 5:48 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 5:49 pm
Despite the cease-fire agreement, renewed fighting flared up Saturday in eastern Ukraine between pro-Russian rebels and government forces, while Moscow sent a second convoy of trucks into Ukraine without Kiev’s consent.
Ukraine’s military operation said in a statement that it had successfully repelled a rebel attack on the government-held Donetsk airport, which came under artillery fire from rebel positions late on Friday.
Despite the truce imposed last week, continuous rocket fire could be heard overnight in Donetsk. A statement posted on the city council website said that shells had hit residential buildings near the airport, although no casualties were reported. A column of three GRAD rocket launchers, all its rockets still in place, was seen moving freely through the rebel-held city on Saturday morning.
Ukrainian authorities also admitted for the first time that they have inflicted casualties on the rebel side since the start of the ceasefire.
Col. Andriy Lysenko, a spokesman for the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council, said that 12 rebel fighters had been killed by Ukrainian forces near Sea of Azov city of Mariupol, where he said they were doing reconnaissance work. Lysenko also said that six Ukrainian servicemen had died since the start of the truce.
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has been at pains to prove that the ceasefire deal has yielded improvements on the ground in east Ukraine. On Friday, he lauded the deal, which has been riddled by violations since it was imposed last week, as a “fragile but efficient peace process.”
On Saturday Russia also sent a convoy across the border of Ukraine, loaded with what Russian reports said was humanitarian aid, without the approval of Kiev or oversight of the international Red Cross. A similar convoy in August was loudly condemned by Ukrainian officials as an invasion, but this time around Lysenko simply called the move “illegal”. The country’s top leaders have remained silent, underscoring how dramatically the mood has shifted in the Kiev government since a ceasefire deal was struck.
The last truck crossed onto Ukrainian soil early Saturday from the Russian border town Donetsk, some 200 kilometers (120 miles) miles east of the Ukrainian city with the same name, Rayan Farukshin, a spokesman for Russia’s customs agency said.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe’s observer mission to the Russian-Ukrainian border said 220 trucks had crossed into Ukraine. Only 40 trucks were checked by the Russian border guard, while the other 180 were waved straight through, it said. None of the vehicles were inspected by the Ukrainian side or by the ICRC.
“Ukraine border guards and customs were not continued…

US Federal Reserve s monetary policy  WPI inflation data to guide mkts this week: ExpertsSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Net FDI inflows on track to top $30 bn in FY...ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Foreign direct investment inflows to India are expected to gain further momentum and net FDI inflows to the country could cross USD 30 billion mark this fiscal year driven by improved investor sentiment, a Nomura report says.
According to the Japanese brokerage firm, net FDI inflows is on track to top USD 30 billion and this would reduce India's external sector vulnerability.
Net FDI into India rose sharply to USD 11.5 billion in the first four months of FY15 (April-July) from USD 8.4 billion over the same period in FY14, the report said.
"Based on the current run rate, we estimate that net FDI inflows could rise above USD 30 billion in FY15 (amounting to 1.4 per cent of GDP)," Nomura said in a research note.
Citing the various factors that are likely to boost FDI inflows, Nomura said: "investor sentiment has improved, domestic confidence has revived, growth is on a recovery path and the government is focused on improving the ease of doing business."
Sectorwise, telecom , pharma and financial and business services were the largest recipients over the first three months of this fiscal year.
"In our view, the large inflow in July could be partly due to fund-raising in the e-commerce sector," it added.
According to official data, FDI flows to India surged by about 34 per cent to USD 1.92 billion in June.
During April-June in this fiscal, the foreign inflows recorded a growth of 34 per cent. FDI was at USD 7.23 billion in April-June, 2014-15 compared to USD 5.39 billion in April- June 2013-14, as per the data by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion.
In 2013-14, FDI inflows in India were USD 24.29 billion against USD 22.42 billion in 2012-13.
The government is taking more steps to boost FDI in the country. It has raised the foreign investment limit to 49 per cent in defence manufacturing and relaxed the policy in construction sector. The government has also proposed to increase the FDI cap in insurance to 49 per cent.

Educational institutions to reopen in Manipur#educational institutions #reopen #joint committee on inner line permit system #public curfew
Imphal: The Manipur government has decided to reopen all educational institutions from Monday following an agreement with the Joint Committee on Inner Line Permit System (JCILPS).
This decision was taken yesterday after the JCILPS agreed in a meeting with the government to lift the "indefinite public curfew", imposed since September 11 by students wing of the Committee to press implementation of inner line permit system in Manipur, an official release said.
Educational institutions were closed in the state since September 11 following the "indefinite public curfew" launched by JCILPS.
The Manipur government to reopen all educational institutions on an agreement with the Joint Committee on Inner Line Permit System.
During the meeting between Chief Minister O Ibobi Singh and representatives of JCILPS last night, the government also agreed to release all the arrested members of the JCILPS including women volunteers.
A spokesperson of the JCILPS said if the government failed to release the arrested persons including top JCILPS members without any condition till September 19, the committee would reimpose "public curfew" which restricted movement of non-Manipuris particularly migrant labourers who do not have valid documents.
JCILPS, supported by various social organisations and students bodies, launched the agitation for implementation of the inner line permit system in the state because the number of outsiders including migrant labourers had "outnumbered the tribal population in the state", the spokesperson said.
As a precautionary measures, more than 150 non-Manipuris particularly labourers in Imphal west, Imphal east and Bishenpur districts were being kept at Dharamsala relief camp.

India 5th most preferred study destination for MBA students: report#mba #us #uk #canada #france #india #gmac
While an MBA degree continues to maintain its charm among the students, the reputation of the educational system is the most important factor which helps any prospective student decide a preferred study destination.
A recent report on prospective students survey by the mba.com reveals that India gained itself a place in the top 5 most preferred destinations for MBA students. The United States tops the list of the top 10 preferred study destinations followed by United Kingdom, Canada, France, India, Hong Kong, Germany, Singapore, Australia, and the Netherlands.
Apart from having a good reputation for educational system, affordability of education/tuition fees and the availability of financial aid are also the factors which make India a preferred choice for students.
United States tops the list of the preferred study destinations followed by United Kingdom, Canada, France and India.
Consistent with previous survey year findings, a majority, 70 per cent, of prospective students worldwide indicate a preference to study in the United States.
The most common reservation prospective students have about pursuing a graduate management degree revolves around the cost of the education. MBA candidates expect to finance nearly half of their education through personal earnings or savings and loans. According to the survey report, specialized master's candidates expect to rely on parental support and personal earnings or savings to finance half the cost of their education.
Visa rules of the study destination also acts as a big factor while counting down. "I feel that the visa rules of host country are a very important factor in deciding the institute/campus for international graduate program. In that sense I feel that Canada and Germany offer one of the best environments for international applicants," a respondent said.
The primary motivations of today's prospective business school students to pursue a graduate management education are consistent with the past to increase job opportunities, develop knowledge, skills, and abilities (KSAs), and increase salary potential.
Quality and reputation of the program continue to be of primary importance to many prospective students when choosing a school. Finance, consulting and products and services continue to be prospective students' most sought-after industries.
The report is based on the data collected in 2013 for prospective students survey conducted by GMAC (2014) mba.com.

UKs Cameron calls emergency meeting after killingFile-This Oct. 11, 2013, file photo shows British Prime Minister David Cameron speaking during an investment conference in Belfast, Northern Ireland. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | London | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:26 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 2:32 pm
Prime Minister David Cameron is summoning military and security chiefs for an emergency meeting Sunday in response to the beheading of a British hostage and a threat against another.
The meeting comes after Islamic extremists released a video showing the beheading of British aid worker David Haines and threatening another with death.
READ: Obama condemns “barbaric murder” of British aid worker by IS 
Mike Haines, the victim’s brother, said David Haines had been murdered “in cold blood.” Britain’s Foreign and Commonwealth Office said it saw no reason to doubt the authenticity of the video.
Haines is the third Westerner beheaded in recent weeks by the Islamic State group, which has seized vast swaths of territory in Syria and Iraq. The first two were U.S. journalists.
Islamic State extremists had threatened Haines’ life in an earlier video released nearly two weeks ago.
The 44-year-old aid worker’s family had issued a plea to his captors the day before the latest beheading video was released. They urged the hostage-takers to contact them. The family said IS had ignored earlier attempts to open communications.
British officials had said they were doing everything possible to protect Haines. An earlier rescue bid led by U.S. forces had failed, however, and it is not clear Western agencies know the precise location of the hostage-takers.
Haines was kidnapped in Syria in March last year when he was working for the charity ACTED to help victims of the fighting there.
After his execution, Haines’ family released a statement praising his passion for charitable work.
Mike Haines said his brother was “most alive and enthusiastic” when involved with humanitarian missions.
“His joy and anticipation for the work he went to do in Syria is for myself and family the most important element of this whole sad affair,” Mike Haines said of his late brother. “He was and is loved by all his family and will be missed terribly.”
President Barack Obama said after the killing that the United States would stand with Britain in an expanded effort against the terror group.
“We will work with the United Kingdom and a broad coalition of nations from the region and around the world to bring the perpetrators of this outrageous act to justice, and to degrade and destroy this threat to the people of our countries, the region and the world,” he said.
France, which is holding an international conference Monday to combat IS, also condemned Haines’ killing.
“The odious assassination of David Haines shows once more the need for the international community to mobilize against the base and cowardly Daesh,” French President Francois Hollande said, using the group’s Arabic acronym.
Some British lawmakers called for Britain to launch air strikes against Islamic State forces after the killing.

Left-backed AISA sweeps JNU Students Union pollsPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:02 pm
Left-backed All India Students’ Association (AISA) on Sunday swept the Jawaharlal Nehru University Students’ Union polls (JNUSU) bagging all the top four positions, including the President’s post, for the second consecutive year.
Retaining its hold over the prestigious students’ body, AISA won the positions of President, Vice President, Joint Secretary and General Secretary defeating candidates from ABVP, NSUI, Students’ Federation of India (SFI) and Left Progressive Front (LPF).
Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), which had swept the Delhi University elections held on Friday following a high-voltage campaign on issues relating to women’s safety, failed to win any of the four top posts in JNU elections.
Ashutosh Kumar, who won the race for the union President’s post, secured a total of 1,386 votes defeating his nearest rival Rahila Perween, the candidate of LPF, which is an alliance between Democratic Students’ Federation (DSF) and All India Students’ Federation (AISF), by a margin of 377 votes.
Anant Prakash, AISA’s candidate for JNUSU Vice Presidential post, won by a margin of over 600 votes defeating ABVP’s Md. Jahidul Dewan.
AISA’s Chintu Kumari defeated her nearest rival Ashish Kumar Dhanotiya of ABVP by a margin of 814 votes bagging the post of General Secretary.
Shafqat Hussain Butt was elected as the Joint Secretary after defeating Mulayam Singh of LPF by a margin of 240 votes, officials conducting JNUSU elections said.
Last year too, the ultra-left AISA had swept the union polls winning all the top positions.
“We have got a clear mandate. This is a response to the fascist forces in the country,” said Ashutosh Kumar, the new JNUSU President.
31 councillors belonging to several schools in JNU were also elected on Saturday.
SFI’s Pindiga Ambedkar, LPF’s Rahila Perween, ABVP’s Sourabh Kumar, NSUI’s Jogendra Singh Pawar, Chandra Shekhar Yadav from Chattra Sangh and independent Prakash Kumar were also in the fray for the Presidential post.
Five candidates each for the posts of union Vice President, General Secretary and Joint Secretary were contesting the polls.
As the results came out today, students gathered outside the School of International Studies (SIS) and chants of ‘Lal Salaam’ and ‘Naxalbari’ rent the air.
In the Left-dominated JNU campus, surprisingly the right-wing ABVP has stood second in two of the four central panel seats–Vice President and General Secretary.
In the JNUSU polls held on September 12, more than 54 per cent students had exercised their franchise and women’s safety and hostel facilities surfaced as the key issues.
In a first, the Election Committee had introduced None of the Above (NOTA) option for the polling this time. More than 300 NOTA votes were cast in three of the four central panel seats.
Digital voting, which was also introduced for the first time, was widely used by visually impaired students.
JNUSU is the representative body of the students in the varsity. The polls have been keenly contested over decades.

AAPs CD episode has a different tale to tellprint
The politics of Delhi is back in the news and, sadly, for all the wrong reasons. A CD released by the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) purports to show BJP leaders attempting to bribe its MLAs so that the BJP can form a government. Many will, therefore, conclude that the lieutenant governor invited this problem by seeking to form a government. An immediate election was the better option.
I’m afraid that’s a hasty conclusion. You only have to consider three questions to realise an election is neither necessary nor inevitable. This is because after AAP’s right to demand an early election was wrongly refused in February, a new constitutional logic has come into play. Now you can’t ignore it.
First, was the lieutenant governor right to seek permission to invite the BJP to form a government or should he have simply sought to dissolve the Delhi assembly and go for fresh polls? After keeping the assembly in suspended animation for six months, in the hope a government could be possible at a later date, it was incumbent on him to try to form one before deciding on dissolution. Not to have attempted this would have made a mockery of his own decision to keep the assembly suspended. And the only way that can be tried is by asking the BJP, the single-largest party, if it’s willing to form a government.
Now comes the second critical question: Can the BJP form a government without bribing MLAs of other parties to either abstain or resign and vacate their seats? Most people have concluded that with 28 MLAs in a house of 67, which requires 34 for a majority, the answer has to be no. They are wrong.
What they’ve overlooked is that the BJP can form a minority government. It may not have happened earlier in Delhi but it’s happened at the national level (Narasimha Rao from 1991 to 1996) and it’s perfectly legal, legitimate and constitutional.
Of course, if the BJP does form a minority government it will only survive as long as the majority in the Delhi assembly permits it to do so. But that could be a fairly long while. Let me explain.
Only if the Congress and AAP combine can a minority BJP government be defeated. AAP may be ready to bring it down but is the Congress? As this paper revealed on Monday, an early election — which will be the outcome of defeating a minority BJP government — doesn’t suit the Congress. The party needs time to rebuild its strength. The December state elections and the May national elections left it decimated. Equally importantly, time could also diminish the appeal of AAP.
For both these reasons the Congress could choose to keep a BJP minority government in office for several years. It can do so by either abstaining in a vote of confidence or creating a pretext to walk out.
Do you now see why AAP is so keen to push for early elections? A delay doesn’t suit the party because time is not on its side.
Finally, if I’m sceptical, this is one possible reason why AAP has repeatedly alleged the BJP has attempted to lure its MLAs with bribes. If the party can convince the lieutenant governor or the President that skulduggery is afoot, it might push them towards an early election without exhausting the possibility of a viable minority government. Seen in this light, AAP’s CD can be interpreted very differently.
The views expressed by the author are personal.

Jumping a red light Get slapped with 15 000 fine under new proposed traffic lawComments
Soon, motorists caught speeding, driving drunk or jumping red lights may not get away with a light fine and a few stern words from the traffic cop.
The punishment would get harsher as the gravity of the offence increases — a Rs. 3-lakh fine and not less than seven years in jail for causing the death of a child; Rs. 5 lakh in penalty and three months in jail for a manufacturing fault in a vehicle; a Rs. 1-lakh fine for driving an unregistered vehicle.
All these and more are part of the new draft Road Transport and Safety Bill, 2014 unveiled by the road transport ministry on Saturday. The ministry has proposed hiking penalties three-to-50-fold  and other stringent action that includes suspension or cancellation of driving licence.
In the draft bill, speeding invites a fine of Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 12,500 — up from the existing Rs. 400-1,000 — and suspension of licence for up to eight weeks depending on how much you have exceeded the speed limit. For instance, the steepest fine is for going 40kmph over the speed limit.
Driving under the influence comes with a fine of Rs. 15,000 (currently Rs. 3,000) and a jail term of up to a year. But a second offence will lead to permanent loss of licence and up to two years in jail. The penalty is especially harsh for school bus drivers — Rs. 50,000 in fine and a three-year jail sentence.
Along with the fines and jail terms, drivers below 25 years stand to lose their licence for three months.
The punishment for jumping a red light is Rs. 5,000-15,000 in fine and one-month licence suspension. Similarly, you pay Rs. 5,000 for not wearing a seat belt.
India has one of the highest road fatalities in the world with 137,576 deaths reported last year. In the same period, Delhi recorded 7,566 accidents that killed 1,820 people. The bill aims to bring down such fatalities by 200,000 in the first five years and increase GDP by 4%.
Apart from the fines and imprisonment, motorists will be awarded penalty points for every traffic violation. Collecting 12 penalty points means losing your driving licence for a year.
The draft includes several new features in keeping with the times — fines for manufacturing faults, for instance, come in the wake of incidents of cars catching fire and vehicle recalls by auto firms.
“The bill, after it is cleared by cabinet, will be tabled in Parliament during the winter session. The proposed changes were long due as the last time the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 was amended was in 2001, and since then many provisions related to offences and penalty have ceased to have any punitive effect,” said a ministry official.
Our new act gives emphasis on E-governance to bring in transparency in the transport sector
— Nitin Gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) September 13, 2014
A Highway Traffic Regulation and Protection Force has been proposed while a motor accident fund would be set up to provide compulsory insurance to all road users. A pan-India road accident emergency access telephone number to alert and access emergency services is also in the works.

India-bound Malaysia Airlines flight returns back after auto-pilot defectprint
An India-bound flight of Malaysia Airlines was forced to return due to an auto-pilot defect, landing safely in Kuala Lumpur on Sunday, said the carrier already hit by the twin tragedies this year.
Flight MH198 from Kuala Lumpur to Hyderabad departed at 10.20pm last night but the Boeing 737-800 turned back due to an auto-pilot defect and landed safely at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport at 2.01am on Sunday, it said in a statement.
"The defect did not have any impact on the safety of the aircraft or passengers, however, as a precautionary measure, the operating captain decided to turn back," the airline said.
It refuted reports on social media that the aircraft caught fire. Initial reports had said that the plane had to make an emergency landing due to "burning fuel".
The airline said that upon arrival, passengers and crew disembarked safely and were given accommodation at nearby hotels.
The flight has been rescheduled to operate as MH198D and will depart Kuala Lumpur at 12pm on Sunday.
The airline said it regretted the disruption to its guests' travel plans but reiterated that safety of its passengers was its priority.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 with 239 people aboard lost contact on March 8. No trace of any wreckage has been found so far.
Another flight MH17 was shot down by a missile over eastern Ukraine on July 17, killing all 289 people aboard.

PM Modi to speak in Hindi in the UN General ...PM Narendra Modi to speak in Hindi in the UN General Assembly
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 01.28PM IST
Tags:
Atal Bihari Vajpayee
(The Home Minister said 55…)
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will deliver his speech in the UN General Assembly in New York in Hindi, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said today.
Addressing a function organised on the occasion of Hindi Divas, the Home Minister said Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the first Prime Minister to deliver his speech in the United Nations in Hindi.
"I, as a Minister, once had delivered my speech in the United Nations in Hindi.... Our Prime Minister Narendra Modi will deliver his speech in United Nations in Hindi.
"The Prime Minister also speaks Hindi when he meets foreign dignitaries," he said amidst applause at a function organised at Rashtrapati Bhavan. President Pranab Mukherjee was present at the function.
The Prime Minister is expected to address the United Nations General Assembly on September 27.
The Home Minister said 55 per cent population of the country speaks Hindi while 85 to 90 per cent people in the country understand Hindi even though it is not their mother tongue.
Singh said people like Bal Gangadhar Tilak, Shyama Prasad Mookerjee, Mahatma Gandhi and N Gopalaswami Ayyangar had advocated expansion and popularisation of Hindi even though their mother tongues were different.
"Hindi is the common language of the country," he said. The Home Minister said Sanskrit is the mother of all Indian languages while Hindi and other regional languages are sisters.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Left-backed AISA sweeps JNU Students UnionpollsPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:02 pm
Left-backed All India Students’ Association (AISA) on Sunday swept the Jawaharlal Nehru University Students’ Union polls (JNUSU) bagging all the top four positions, including the President’s post, for the second consecutive year.
Retaining its hold over the prestigious students’ body, AISA won the positions of President, Vice President, Joint Secretary and General Secretary defeating candidates from ABVP, NSUI, Students’ Federation of India (SFI) and Left Progressive Front (LPF).
Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), which had swept the Delhi University elections held on Friday following a high-voltage campaign on issues relating to women’s safety, failed to win any of the four top posts in JNU elections.
Ashutosh Kumar, who won the race for the union President’s post, secured a total of 1,386 votes defeating his nearest rival Rahila Perween, the candidate of LPF, which is an alliance between Democratic Students’ Federation (DSF) and All India Students’ Federation (AISF), by a margin of 377 votes.
Anant Prakash, AISA’s candidate for JNUSU Vice Presidential post, won by a margin of over 600 votes defeating ABVP’s Md. Jahidul Dewan.
AISA’s Chintu Kumari defeated her nearest rival Ashish Kumar Dhanotiya of ABVP by a margin of 814 votes bagging the post of General Secretary.
Shafqat Hussain Butt was elected as the Joint Secretary after defeating Mulayam Singh of LPF by a margin of 240 votes, officials conducting JNUSU elections said.
Last year too, the ultra-left AISA had swept the union polls winning all the top positions.
“We have got a clear mandate. This is a response to the fascist forces in the country,” said Ashutosh Kumar, the new JNUSU President.
31 councillors belonging to several schools in JNU were also elected on Saturday.
SFI’s Pindiga Ambedkar, LPF’s Rahila Perween, ABVP’s Sourabh Kumar, NSUI’s Jogendra Singh Pawar, Chandra Shekhar Yadav from Chattra Sangh and independent Prakash Kumar were also in the fray for the Presidential post.
Five candidates each for the posts of union Vice President, General Secretary and Joint Secretary were contesting the polls.
As the results came out today, students gathered outside the School of International Studies (SIS) and chants of ‘Lal Salaam’ and ‘Naxalbari’ rent the air.
In the Left-dominated JNU campus, surprisingly the right-wing ABVP has stood second in two of the four central panel seats–Vice President and General Secretary.
In the JNUSU polls held on September 12, more than 54 per cent students had exercised their franchise and women’s safety and hostel facilities surfaced as the key issues.
In a first, the Election Committee had introduced None of the Above (NOTA) option for the polling this time. More than 300 NOTA votes were cast in three of the four central panel seats.
Digital voting, which was also introduced for the first time, was widely used by visually impaired students.
JNUSU is the representative body of the students in the varsity. The polls have been keenly contested over decades.

What does Brandon  Humans of New York  Stantons popularity signifyprint
More than a thousand people had gathered in CP just to hear Brandon Stanton speak. (Vipin Kumar/HT Photo)
It’s not commonplace that an independent writer-photographer lands up in Delhi’s Connaught Place (CP) and a large crowd gathers to meet and listen to him.
Thus, needless to say, Brandon Stanton’s –the man behind the popular Humans of New York (HONY) project—escapade at CP on Friday evening leaves us with much to ponder upon.
Also read: Brandon Stanton's talks about travelling to 11 countries in 50 days and more...
Firstly, Stanton’s popularity signifies that we love to hear a good story—a story which moves us, a character that stays with us. We want, at the bottom of our hearts, to see a good photograph, something which lies buried in our minds forever. Stories needn’t be sensationalised or sexually provocative, nor need they be about superheroes. They needn’t be sycophantic about the rich and famous, or pitiful towards the poor. Stanton shows the world that stories about the common man, whom you meet every day on the street, can also be attractive and well-received, provided they are straight from the storyteller’s heart.
As one browses through the more than 6000 photographs put up thus far by Stanton on the HONY Facebook page what strikes most is the unbridled emotion of his subject that’s captured by Stanton. The entries-- vignettes of a conversation and portrait photograph—provide a window to assess how intimately strangers must have opened up to this random guy with a camera and shared touching anecdotes about their lives.
Post by Humans of New York .
Stanton’s HONY perhaps signifies that rather than bludgeoning the subject with a microphone and camera to get a quote, a practice quite prevalent in the media, what really brings out a memorable story is a long heartfelt conversation. Empathy is perhaps what sets Brandon Stanton apart when perceived as a journalist, and his sense of realism is perhaps what’s unique in the artist called Brandon Stanton.
Secondly, Stanton’s work is unique and fun because of its freshness. Neither does he use doctoral thesis kind of text, nor does he shoot with a fisheye lens or process images in the HDR. He keeps it simple and easy for his readers. Making full use of the digital platform, Brandon Stanton combines words and images to create memorable and insightful entries for the HONY.
Also read: 'Humans of Delhi' go gaga over New York blogger Brandon Stanton
But what’s ingenious of Stanton is that even while keeping it simple and straightforward, HONY entries are quite thought-provoking and philosophically deep. For example take one of the recent entries made during his ongoing India trip. The photograph shows a Punjabi couple with their small son and the text says:
 "What's your biggest dream for your child?"
"We'll let him dream for himself."
In two lines, Stanton tells a story in addition to spreading a message. And that’s why aspiring storytellers, irrespective of their mediums, must learn a lot from this guy.
Thirdly, Stanton’s wide reach and the love that HONY has garnered speaks in volumes about the growth of an independent web-based creative platform. A small Facebook based photo-blog grew into an internationally admired project. Someone who began by wandering around New York City with a camera clicking candid portraits of strangers is now on a United Nations world tour, commissioned to capture stories from around the globe in his own style.
Stanton didn’t have any glamorous credentials to flash when he started pursuing his liking; he just had the social media at his disposal where he put up his work and the world, eventually, responded.
HONY’s success is a clarion call to all those young creative minds who feel restrained by existing barricades of establishments. HONY stands out as a shining example of how in an internet-driven world an artist can independently pursue his passion with consistency and grab the headlines someday.

Foley  Sotloff  now Haines: IS dares world with 3 beheadings in less than a monthAfter beheading Foley, Sotloff and Haines, IS parades British aid worker Alan Hening
AFP
print
The Islamic State claimed the beheading of a British aid worker on Saturday, an act slammed as "pure evil" by Prime Minister David Cameron who vowed Britain would do all it could to catch the killers.
President Barack Obama offered US support for its "ally in grief", while Cameron faced growing calls to allow Britain's military to help in Washington's planned assault against the rampaging  jihadist group.
Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
The British premier will chair a meeting of the government's emergency Cobra committee early Sunday in response to the online video purportedly showing a masked IS militant killing hostage David Haines in retribution for the US and British campaign against the group.
Cameron called the attack "a despicable and appalling murder of an innocent aid worker" and "an act of pure evil."
"We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes," he said in a statement.
Two US journalists have been murdered in similar circumstances in recent weeks.
Obama slammed the latest attack as "barbaric" and said the US "stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve".
Britain has yet to join US air strikes against IS in Iraq, but has offered to arm Kurdish Peshmerga fighters battling against militants in the north of the country, a move cited in the latest video as a reason for revenge.
Read: Act of pure evil, says Cameron as UK hostage beheaded
Murdered 'in cold blood'
Britain's Foreign Office said it was "working as quickly as it could" to verify the two-minute-27-second clip, entitled "A Message to the Allies of America".
The video opens with a clip of Cameron describing the British strategy of working with the Iraqi government to help arm Kurdish fighters against "these brutal extremist militants," and to offer aid, diplomacy, and military help to pressure IS.
Haines then appears, dressed in an orange jumpsuit, and identifies himself before calmly explaining that he is paying the price for Cameron's policy.
The attacker -- who appears to be the same man as in the previous two beheading videos -- tells Britain the alliance with the US will "accelerate your destruction" and will drag the British people into "another bloody and unwinnable war."
In the video, IS militants have announced their next target as another British aid worker Alan Hening.
As was the case with the previous two videos of Foley and Sotloff, the executioner introduces Hening at the end of the video.
Haines's brother Mike paid tribute to a "good brother...who was recently murdered in cold blood."
"He was, in the right mood, the life and soul of the party and on other times the most stubborn irritating pain in the ass," he said in a statement.
"He was and is loved by all his family and will be missed terribly."
Scottish-born Haines, 44, was taken hostage in Syria in March 2013 and was threatened in a video released this month depicting the beheading by an IS militant of the US journalist Steven Sotloff.
IS released a video claiming the execution of fellow US journalist James Foley on August 19.
Former head of the British Army Richard Dannatt on Sunday piled pressure on Cameron to let the country's military join a planned assault against IS, announced by Obama this week.
"What we absolutely need to do is not be cowed in any way by yet another foul murder of a hostage," he told Sky News.
"We can support them (the US) to confront, attack and defeat the Islamic State jihadi fighters ... and make sure this cancer is removed from the region before it spreads more widely."
Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
Kerry drums up local support
Under pressure himself to tackle the problem,  Obama on Wednesday set out a strategy which would include air strikes in Syria and expanded operations in Iraq.
But Cameron will be wary of playing into the hands of the captors by escalating tensions and is also recovering from last year's humiliation of failing to achieve parliamentary support for air strikes against Syria's President Bashar al-Assad.
As part of efforts to build up local support for action, US Secretary of State John Kerry on Saturday sought to bolster relations with Egypt during meetings with its leaders.
Egypt's formidable army is unlikely to take part in a military coalition against IS, but the country boasts the prestigious Sunni Muslim authority Al-Azhar, which Kerry said would fight back against the Islamic State's use of the religion.
Kerry takes his push to forge a broad coalition against Islamic State jihadists to France on Sunday , on the eve of an international conference in Paris on peace and security in Iraq.
The CIA put the number of IS fighters at 20,000 to 31,500 in Iraq and Syria, up to three times the previous estimate.
US aircraft have carried out more than 160 strikes in Iraq since early August, the US Central Command said Saturday.

Major offences  repeat violations can t be s...sebi
(The Sebi chief further said…)
NEW DELHI: As Sebi tightens its noose on those violating securities laws and defrauding investors, Chairman U K Sinha has warned that repeat offenders and those indulging in major offences like insider trading can't seek settlement of their cases by paying some charges.
At the same time, Sebi is open to consider the settlement pleas of those suspected of small offences in the capital markets, provided those violations are not to the detriment of retail investors or the overall marketplace, so that the regulator can sharpen its focus on probing serious cases.
The Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) also said that the regulatory authority has made a very robust settlement mechanism, which is stronger than the prevailing norms in many developed markets including the US, and is now being followed by regulators in some other countries including the UK.
A consent mechanism is in place at Sebi since 2007, which allows an entity being probed for suspected violations to settle the case after payment of settlement fees and other applicable charges, without admitting or denying the guilt.
This framework was tightened further in 2012, while newly enacted Securities Laws Amendments Act has converted it into regulation with necessary legal backing for such settlements. Sebi's orders in these matters can not even be challenged now.
To further streamline these norms, Sebi has put in place a detailed 'mathematical' formula and has adopted a scientific approach to determine the settlement charges required to be paid by concerned entities, as also to decide whether a case is appropriate to be settled or it is liable to be rejected for any possible settlement.
"Earlier, these was a chance that someone would come up with most difficult and bad crimes and still get a consent. At the same time, we have been criticised of being arbitrary in accepting or rejecting a case for settlement. But, now we have put in place new guidelines to take care of these issues," Sinha told PTI in an interview.
"What we have done is that on the pattern of criminal law, certain offences which are minor in nature, only those will be consented. So we have created two categories -- if you committed big offences, you have to suffer. We can't let you go away without even admitting the offence.
"This is in the vast contrast to the practises prevailing in the US and many other developed markets. There, you can do anything and still seek settlement. Sebi has decided that we will not do that. If you have consciously done it, you must suffer," he said.
The Sebi chief further said that "even if somebody is coming for settlement, we have removed the discretion from the officer level for deciding on such pleas".
"We have come out with a very detailed mathematical formula where we have given weightage to certain parameters, for example to whether a person is a first time or repeated offender," Sinha said.
  "It takes into account whether the offender has cheated some institutional investor or retail investors are also suffering because of him. At what stage did he come for settlement, and whether the plea has been made voluntarily or after Sebi detecting something significant. Based on these parameters, we have given weightage.
"You will be happy to know that this practice which we have started, other countries have started following it. The latest example is the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) of UK. They have also recently come out with similar guidelines, on the lines of what we have done," he added.
One of the major cases where Sebi has rejected a consent settlement plea was the one involving corporate giant Reliance Industries, while there have been many other major cases where the regulator has refused to settle its probes.
Sinha further said Sebi has decided to concentrate only on smaller offences for consent-based settlement, as it may not be advisable to go through lengthly legal processes and long adjudication proceedings for minor mistakes.
"The message we want to give is that if you have committed a minor mistake, then come and settle it. If you are ready for settlement, we will also consider that. But, if you have committed a bigger offence, you cannot expect any settlement and you will have to suffer," he said.
When asked how does Sebi define big and small offences, Sinha said that the new settlement regulation answers these matters in full detail.
"To give an illustration, insider trading is a serious offence, violation of open offer in takeover matters is a serious offence, and front-running by a mutual fund manager is a serious offence. These offences cannot be consented.
"If somebody is doing market manipulation and it has affected to retail investors, it is an offence which cannot be consented," he said.
On what can be consented, Sinha said such cases would include non-compliance to certain disclosure requirements such as under the takeover code.
"If you have pledged your shares, or you have acquired one percent extra you have to inform and if you fail to do it, say for 10-20 days, that can be consented.
"So the majors and minors have been well defined. In a nutshell, cases like insider trading, front-running, serious market manipulation are among those that are not consentable," he said.
"All these are defined under the regulation. Even I don't have the powers now to say that something is cosentable or not consentable," Sinha added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Chinese Sturgeon fish face extinctionUpdated: September 14, 2014 15:17 IST
Chinese Sturgeon fish face extinction
PTI
endangered species
The wild Chinese Sturgeons, believed to have lived since the age of dinosaurs, had no natural reproduction last year, leaving the rare species of fish at the risk of extinction, according to a latest research.
“It is the first time that we found no natural reproduction of the endangered Sturgeons since records began 32 years ago when a dam was built,” said Wei Qiwei, a principal investigator at the Chinese Academy of Fishery Sciences.
The number of the wild Chinese Sturgeons has sharply declined to around 100 from thousands in the 1980s, mainly due to human activities and water pollution, Mr. Wei said.
Researchers found no eggs laid by the wild Sturgeons in a river water area downstream the Gezhou Dam in central China’s Hubei Province between October 31 and December 28 last year, he told state run Xinhua news agency on Saturday.
The wild Sturgeons usually swim all the way from the sea waters to the river area to lay eggs around mid and late November after they become mature.
Meanwhile, a month-long research starting August 10 last year found no young Sturgeons swimming all the way along the Yangtze River to the sea waters. Young Sturgeons usually swim downstream to the sea in August.
“No natural reproduction means that the Sturgeons would not expand its population and without protection, they might risk in extinction,” Mr. Wei said.
The fish, nicknamed aquatic pandas, is listed as a wild creature under the national top protection.

Day 1: Snowman Logistics closes 70% higher on NSESep 12, 2014, 06.03 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Day 1: Snowman Logistics closes 70% higher on NSE
On the basis of pre-opening session, the exchange, on the first day only, sets the upper and lower circuit limit for the stock to avoid manipulation.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Day 1: Snowman Logistics closes 70% higher on NSE
On the basis of pre-opening session, the exchange, on the first day only, sets the upper and lower circuit limit for the stock to avoid manipulation.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Trading in shares of  Snowman Logistics were frozen on the listing day itself due to huge buying interest. Because of the freeze, the stock could not move beyond Rs 79.80 on the National Stock Exchange and Rs 78.75 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, hit during the first hours of trade on Friday.
That means opening as well as closing price remained the same throughout the session but there were huge buy orders pending in the system.
On the basis of pre-opening session, the exchange sets the upper and lower circuit limit for the stock on the first day only to avoid manipulation.
Also read: Will add 35% to capacity even for FY15: Snowman Logistics
In the pre-opening session, equilibrium price was arrived at Rs 75 apiece on the BSE and Rs 76 on the NSE, which were also the intraday low for the stock. Upper/lower circuit limits were set at Rs 78.75/71.25 and Rs 79.80/72.20 by exchanges, respectively.
The final gains for the day were Rs 32.80 or 69.79 percent (on the NSE) and Rs 31.75 or 67.55 percent (on the BSE) over issue price of Rs 47 while traded volumes stood at 94.77 lakh shares and 9.58 lakh shares, respectively. Also read: Will you buy Snowman?
Snowman's public issue had received excellent response from investors, oversubscribing 59.75 times supported by retail subscription with 41.26 times, non-institutional investors with 221.79 times and qualified institutional buyers with 16.98 times.
The largest cold chain solutions provider raised Rs 197.4 crore through the issue that amount will be used for setting up new temperature controlled and ambient warehouses, and long term working capital.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Honda Initiates Process for Gujarat PlantYou are here: Home Corporates
Honda Cars Initiates Process for Gujarat Plant
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 12, 2014 20:20 (IST)
Monte Carlo Fashion Gets Sebi Go-Ahead for IPO
New Delhi: Honda Cars India Ltd (HCIL) has initiated the process to acquire land in Gujarat to come up with its third manufacturing plant in the country.
The company, which currently has two manufacturing plants at Greater Noida and Tapukara, is also looking to start a second shift at the Tapukara facility.
"First step for us is to start the second shift at Tapukara which we have started planning and we shall be up and running with the second shift by November," Honda Cars India senior vice president (marketing and sales) Jnaneswar Sen told reporters on the sidelines of an annual SIAM convention.
"In addition to that, we have just started the process to acquire land in Gujarat for the long-term purposes given our commitment to the Indian market," he added.
He, however, declined to provide further details.
The company's current installed manufacturing capacity stands at 2.4 lakh units across Greater Noida and Tapukara plants.
Tapukara plant, which rolls out sedans Amaze and City, currently has a production capacity of 60,000 units on a single shift basis.
"The Tapukara plant is spread over 450 acres while the Greater Noida plant has an area of 150 acres, so we have a lot of scope to expand in Tapukara," Mr Sen said.
The addition in production capacity at the Tapukara plant would help the company reduce waiting periods on City and Amaze models, he added.
While the City has a waiting period of up to 3 months depending upon the variant, Amaze also has a waiting period of 2-3 weeks.
Asked about the new product launches, Mr Sen said, "We are keen on new generation Accord and intend to launch it here in the next financial year."
The company also intends to launch new Jazz next year, he added.
Commenting on the upcoming festival season, Mr Sen said the company expects the period to be better than the last year.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 18:42 (IST)

Lava Approaches Vacant Lots in Hawaii SubdivisionPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Stay invested  but choose your stocks wisely: ExpertsLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Stay invested, but choose your stocks wisely: Experts
The week was good for the market with sectors like banks, autos, and midcap index buzzing with activity. So, is this still a buy on dips market or now would your start to get a bit cautious at higher levels? Anand Tandon and CK Narayan discuss the same.
Post your opinion here
Taking Stock
Snapping three days of negative move, the benchmark indices managed to clock marginal gains amid consolidation on Friday. The Sensex reclaimed 27000, while the Nifty too climbed above 8100 mark.
Overall the week was good for the market with sectors like banks, autos, and midcap index buzzing with activity. So, is this still a buy on dips market or now would your start to get a bit cautious at higher levels? Market expert Anand Tandon and CK Narayan, MD, Growth Avenues, discuss the same.
Below is the transcript of Anand Tandon and CK Narayan’s interview with Sonia Shenoy and Anuj Singhal of CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: Your take…
Tandon: There are no dips in the market right now. It is just a buy market and so far there has not been anything to induce any fear. That said, I did hear Anuj mention that it is getting a little flaky perhaps because of that you cannot sustain a 1 percent move per day for too long and not begin to feel jittery. It is not perhaps yet at the level where you begin to want to run but it is certainly a level where at least in the smaller cap companies you need to be a little careful about the reasons you are buying the stock and be comfortable with fact that you are willing to hold them just in case things to do turn sour though there doesn’t seem to be anything right now to particularly induce that fear.
Anuj: What is your sense, is the overall texture of the market giving you an indication that a correction is around the corner or would you say that maybe a bit of a consolidation and then another breakout? In short how would you approach trade now especially on the Nifty and the Bank Nifty?
Narayan: I think this market has been a classic example of that old saying of the market that more money has been lost waiting for a correction than has actually been lost during a correction. People have various words to describe it and most people are actually waiting for crash in the market.
However, here is a market which has now trotted on till middle of September and the maximum correction we have got is about 3-4 percent on the index. No doubt when the index drops 3-4 percent individual stocks do drop about 8-10 percent or thereabouts but then that is part for the course. So, one should just give up this expectation of a correction and if one is avoiding getting into the market just because there is a fear of a correction then you are missing out the boat week after week.
You said it right Anuj sometime ago when you were referring to the sustained move in the small cap. We should respect what the market is saying because in its wisdom it just wants to keep posting higher levels. Now it is we who are expecting a 5-10 percent reaction or a crash depending on where you are on the curve. However, none of that is coming.
So, what you need is definitely to be a bit circumspect about stock choices. However, staying away from the market has really not worked. I don’t think there is any reason to still stay away. You can be a little more alert with your positions but more certainly I would say we have to be in this market; there is no question of staying away from it.
Anuj: What is happening with global markets because we have seen crude come down to USD 97-98 per barrel or so and that has benefited Indian markets but on the other hand we have seen quite a bit of strength in the dollar and we are very close to the FOMC meeting as well. Do you think global markets could pose a bit of risk to this market?
Tandon: Eventually I think that is where the risk will come from if it does. There is a little bit too much of sanguinity build up in the market now increasingly in India but certainly in the global markets.
There are many areas which could be of concern especially the fact that eurozone is still bleeding, the fact that there could potentially be a hiccup next week in terms of the Scotland issue. Of course it doesn’t seem to affect the market directly but there would be some upsets in that part of the world.
The fact of the matter is that the employment ratio is still not looking good in large parts of euro land. US itself is not that particular strong. The political situation remains weak. So, all those are stories which should be concerning the market but currently are not.
Therefore you need to stop worrying about it and as CK Narayan said you have to be invested, the only question is that be careful about where you are investing and don’t get carried away too much just because the last stock that you just figured out has moved up 5 percent.
Sonia: The sector that moved the most last week was the PSU banking space. So, Bank of Baroda (BoB),  Punjab National Bank (PNB),  State Bank of India (SBI) were all up about 4-7 percent last week. Within this space do you have any favourites or any stocks that could still see incremental gains next week?
Narayan: There has been a mix of two things for their upward movement. One is of course that the news that in all these banks, the government will shed equity and they will get recapitalised, etc. What this has led to is predominantly short covering in these banks because PSU banks where the favourites for traders to use as hedging vehicles because they were into a sustained downtrend.
Within that space the entire range of stocks is seen to be moving but if you ask me to pick some favourites, I will pick the ones with the maximum amount of higher beta within that and therein I would probably pick a  Canara Bank and a  Union Bank and perhaps Bank of Baroda as a trading vehicle.
However, as a class these are moving because of big amount of short covering. There is an expectation but this news is just out and it is going to be weeks and months before we see any kind of ink drying up on all these announcements. I think the market is having a knee-jerk reaction; one shouldn’t read in too much into it and become gung-ho on PSU stocks. They are kind of witnessing a small up trend, play it for that; that’s about it.
Sonia: What about you, if you had to pick a couple of themes or rather one or two themes that investors could play for the next three to six months, what would be on top of your mind because we have seen a lot of sectoral churn in the last fortnight or so; sometimes it is midcap tyre stocks, sometimes its pharmaceutical stocks, so, any fresh ideas that you would want to give us?
Tandon: There are two broad themes one can look at which perhaps has not yet been fully discounted. One is the fact that global commodity prices are falling and are likely to continue to fall. Therefore consumers of commodities would be benefited which can in the entire range of for example auto companies – ancillaries we have already seen many of them move and quite spectacularly but most equipment manufacturers and things like that would benefit a lot in terms of the manufacturing cost.
On the other side, the recent news that we have seen where the government is saying that the NHAI orders will now be on an EPC basis, in my view is good news for a lot of construction companies. There is no company which has the kind of balance sheet required to take up these on a BOT basis and we have already seen that the BOT contracts tend to come back and hit you in the face when there is interest rate volatility.
However, EPC side is far easier to ensure that you have a certain margin and given the aggressiveness with which NHAI seems to be wanting to put out orders those companies which too have scope to take them on and the management to execute will likely benefit.
You also have to remember that there is still the north-south corridor which is due to come in and therefore those themes will slowly play out which will include the truck manufacturers, the companies which are in containerisation business, courier companies and so on. So, those are some of the broad themes one can look at which can happen in the near-term.
RELATED NEWS

Beware: Wild cards to watch for in 2015Sep 13, 2014, 02.18 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
Beware: Wild cards to watch for in 2015
On top of the threat of the US Federal Reserve tightening the screws, the risk of another recession in Europe and a stumbling recovery in Japan, there are a deck of "wild cards" that could trip up the global economy in the coming year, experts warned at the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Tianjin, China.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Beware: Wild cards to watch for in 2015
On top of the threat of the US Federal Reserve tightening the screws, the risk of another recession in Europe and a stumbling recovery in Japan, there are a deck of "wild cards" that could trip up the global economy in the coming year, experts warned at the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Tianjin, China.
Post your opinion here
 
On top of the threat of the US Federal Reserve tightening the screws, the risk of another recession in Europe and a stumbling recovery in Japan, there are a deck of "wild cards" that could trip up the global economy in the coming year, experts warned at the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Tianjin, China.
CNBC shuffles through the pack to see what the world should look out for in 2015.
Global pandemic
A major, under-appreciated risk to the world economy is infectious diseases, says Victor Chu, chairman of Hong Kong based private equity firm First Eastern Investment Group.
"We're not prepared for another major outbreak of Ebola, SARS or another infectious disease," Chu told CNBC on the sidelines of WEF in Tianjin, China.
"We need a new global governance structure to allow more experimental drugs to be distributed a lot more quickly than existing arrangements because you don't know what's next. Ebola is scary, but the next variation will be scarier," he added.
Ebola - which was declared an international public health emergency early last month - is already having a serious economic impact on the economies of Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone in West Africa, where the outbreak is occurring.
The closure of borders and suspension of flights has begun to hinder trade flows in the region, while tourism is also taking a severe hit.
Sanction tensions
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Arkady Dvorkovich also cited deadly diseases as a potential threat to the world economy, but added that a potential escalation of sanctions on the back of the Ukraine crisis also poses a risk.
"These are couple of things that could turn out to be bad next year, epidemic diseases that could again switch off trade and the movement of people. Or something related to the Ukrainian crisis, like a new round of sanctions may be bring an extra negative to the world economy," he said.
Concerns around a trade war between Russia, which has been hit with successive sanctions since the crisis in Ukraine erupted back in March, and the West have intensified. In retaliation to its penalties, Moscow recently slapped import bans on a range of European and American agricultural and food products last month and threatened possible sanctions on aerospace, shipbuilding and auto sectors.
China crisis?
Kenneth Rogoff, Professor of Economics and Public Policy at Harvard University named uncertainty around the outlook for China as a potential swing factor for the global economy .
"We are sitting in one of them," Rogoff said when asked what he thought a wild card risk for the global economy in 2015 was.
He added that if China did slow down "more dramatically than people expect, that would be very difficult. The slowdown would be a policy decision to try and slow things down that gets out of hand."
The slowdown of China's property market, fast growing corporate debt and rising non-performing loans in the banking sector have raised concerns about the country's financial stability.
Helping to quell some fears about the trajectory for the mainland economy, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said during his opening plenary that structural reforms are improving the quality of the country's economic growth and helping reduce the risk of a hard landing.
The demand's just not there...
International Monetary Fund Deputy Managing Director Zhu Min pointed to a lack of aggregate demand - or the total demand for final goods and services - in the global economy as a key threat.
"The lack of aggregate demand is the main concern, particularly in advanced economies. They are out of recession but growth is still moderate, so they need aggregate demand," said Zhu.
However, judging by its latest World Economic Outlook update published in July, the IMF expects relatively smooth sailing ahead. It expects the global economic output to grow 4.0 percent in 2015, up from an estimated 3.4 percent this year, helped by stronger growth in some advanced economies.
Staying on growth, Ashraf Salman, Egypt's Minister of Investment says what he fears most is that the recovery in the world economy falls off track next year.
"I'm worried about a slowdown in global GDP (gross domestic product) growth which will definitely have an impact of unemployment and cross trade business across the world," he said.
"I'm not sure how long the global economy can continue on a slow rate of GDP growth and high rate of unemployment," he added.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

Actress Cheryl Hines Sells Her Home After Becoming a Kennedyactress cheryl hines sells her home after becoming a kennedy
Brent crude near 2-yr low: Top oil stocks to buy and sell nowShare on Tumblr
As Brent crude is nearing the 2-year low, investors are keenly buying Indian oil and stocks. The crude held above USD 98 a barrel on Friday, heading for its worst week in six as concerns over weak demand outweighed geopolitical worries in the Middle East and Ukraine.
The Oil & Gas index is up over 6 percent in a 1-month and almost 29 percent higher in year-to-date basis. So, if you still want to benefit from the oil & gas stocks, here's help.
UBS prefers upstream companies given near-term operational catalysts, better balance sheets, ROEs and their relatively attractive valuations. It is cautious on marketing SOEs as risk-reward not compelling. Diesel de-regulation seems largely priced in, but not likely risk of higher 5 percent subsidy share – which if plays out could see 12-15 percent earnings downside.
Here is UBS trading guide on oil & gas stocks.
Sign in

Obama confident of Islamic States defeatUpdated: September 13, 2014 13:56 IST
Obama ‘confident’ of Islamic State’s defeat
AP
AP U.S. President Barack Obama salutes as he arrives on the South Lawn of the White House on Friday.
TOPICS
USA
Tells Jewish donors the U.S. "is on the right side of history"
U.S. President Barack Obama cast the worldwide campaign he’s leading to destroy the Islamic State group on Friday as part of a broader effort to root out extremism within the Muslim world, telling Jewish donors the U.S. “is on the right side of history”.
At a fundraiser for Senate Democrats in Baltimore, Mr. Obama said he was confident that Islamic State militants would eventually be defeated, thanks in part to a more inclusive Iraqi government and the broad coalition that Mr. Obama is seeking to assemble.
Yet he also said the crisis in the Middle East, while terrible, has a silver lining.
“It’s focussed attention, I think, for the first time in a long time in the Muslim world about the need to completely distance from and ultimately stomp out this particular brand of Islamic extremism that really has no place in the 21st century,” Mr. Obama said.
Mr. Obama’s pitch to donors, usually upbeat and economically focused as the midterm elections grow near, took on a more somber tone than usual on Friday, two days after the president gave a prime-time address announcing a major expansion of the U.S. military effort in the Middle East, including airstrikes for the first time in Syria.
Mr. Obama didn’t mention Israel or the fragile ceasefire between Israel’s government and Hamas. But Howard E. Friedman, a former president of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), who quoted from the Torah, as he introduced the president, thanked Mr. Obama for recognising that the prospect of a nuclear Iran poses the greatest danger to the U.S. Israel considers Iran’s nuclear ambitions an existential threat, and the U.S. and other world powers are in negotiations to scale back Iran’s nuclear programme.
The president has been raising money at a rapid pace throughout the summer for Democratic political committees as his party seeks to maintain its fragile Senate majority. Mr. Obama told donors that the U.S. has made progress and is poised to grow even more, if voters side with Democrats who he said are pursuing a vision of expanded opportunity.
“We are the envy of the world, but in order to actually, fully realise that potential we’ve got to have a government that works,” Mr. Obama said.

Why Arab militaries would not bring much firepower to the coalition against ISILLooks nice, but can they fight?Reuters/Fahad Shadeed
SHARE
Bobby Ghosh
September 13, 2014
A great deal is being made of the fact that the Gulf Arab states with the most to fear from ISIL are loath to contribute their militaries to president Barack Obama’s global coalition against the terrorist group in Iraq and Syria. Although the Gulf countries are nominally members of the coalition, they have pledged only to provide military “assistance, ” rather than aircraft to strike against ISIL targets, much less troops to fight the terrorists.
But, how useful would Gulf Arab contributions be? In purely military terms, not very.
For the most part, the Gulf states use their military to protect the ruling elite and menace civilians who dare challenge their authority. Their utility against a lethal force like ISIL is, at best, questionable.
How do Gulf Arab militaries compare with those of other nations? To rank 106 countries by their military strength , the website Global Firepower uses over 50 factors, not including nuclear weapons. By their reckoning, the highest-ranking Gulf Arab military belongs to Saudi Arabia, which is 25th. That’s in part because the quality of the military hardware at its disposal: the best that petrodollars can buy. (For instance, it ranks 13th in the number of attack aircraft and 9th in the number of armored fighting vehicles .)
Even so, Saudi Arabia ranks just one place higher than Syria overall. And, as we’ve seen, Bashar al-Assad’s forces, despite overwhelmingly superior arms, have lost vast swathes of the country to ISIL. It’s far from clear that the Saudis would fare much better.
The other Gulf states rank much farther down the list: the UAE is 42nd, Yemen 45th, Oman 69th, Kuwait 74th, Bahrain 81st and Qatar 82nd.
How can this be? After all, Gulf Arab states spend vast amounts of their oil revenues on shiny military gear, most of it from the US and Europe. Saudi Arabia, for instance, is the world’s fourth-largest military spender —the second-largest, as a proportion of its annual budget.
But, like most other Gulf militaries, the Saudis have little actual combat experience. They barely contribute to the UN’s peacekeeping forces . Although Qatar and the UAE contributed aircraft to the coalition that imposed a no-fly zone over Libya in 2011, the heavy lifting was done by US and European air forces. (More recently, UAE planes have bombed Islamist militants in Tripoli .)
Ironically, the Gulf military that has the most fighting experience comes from the poorest state in the region: Yemen, where a Houthi insurgency in the north and an al-Qaeda franchise in the east keep the military constantly busy.
Looking beyond the Gulf states, Egypt’s military is ranked 13th, which is impressive until you consider how much it has struggled to contain militant groups much smaller than ISIS and lacking serious weaponry in the Sinai Peninsula. (Jordan, another Arab nation that is part of the coalition, is ranked 67th.)
Outside the Arab world, Turkey is ranked 8th. The Turkish military has experience dealing with Kurdish separatists as well as a homegrown Islamist terror threat, so its absence from the coalition will hurt. The other major power in the region is not invited: Iran is ranked 22nd.
Untried and untested though they may be, Gen. John Allen , brought out of retirement by the Obama administration to herd the military cats of the coalition, will still be hoping he can get Arab air forces in the mix. That’s because the optics are important , even if their presence in any actual fighting is mostly optional.
Share this:
Top News

The Swiss are finally threatening to take on corrupt sports officialsSeptember 13, 2014
Switzerland makes an important distinction between public and private corruption.
“In Switzerland, the giving and accepting of such advantages [referring to bribery] are only punishable when a Swiss public official is concerned,” according to the  State Secretariat for Economic Affairs . “Unlike the bribery of public officials, the bribery of private persons is pursued under criminal law only on complaint.”
And that’s after six years of tightening the law.
In particular, this distinction affects the sports bodies based in Switzerland—including world soccer’s FIFA, European soccer’s UEFA, the International Olympic Committee, and the International Cycling Federation—all of which have been tainted by accusations of outright corruption. Now, Switzerland is signalling that its had enough.
Pointing to the “many international sports federations [that] are based in Switzerland and whose decisions have been discredited repeatedly by corruption scandals,” the Swiss Federal Council said “private corruption while in office will be prosecuted and punished, even if it does not lead to competitive distortions,” according to France’s Le Point weekly  (in French).
It comes after Sepp Blatter, at the age of 78, announced he is running again for fifth term at the head of FIFA—in the same week as a member of his audit and compliance committee was arrested on suspicion of corruption and money-laundering in the Cayman Islands.
In May, Britain’s Sunday Times  (paywall)  obtained millions of documents that it said proved that Qatari football official Mohamed Bin Hammam paid $5 million to football officials in return for their support for the Qatar bid to host the 2022 World Cup; an investigation into that was completed last week by FIFA itself but the results haven’t been made public. Bin Hammam, who  declined to comment on the Sunday Times report, has the dubious distinction of being banned from soccer for life—twice.
The Olympics have also been under scrutiny—including the curious decision to award the winter edition to one of the warmer places in Russia . In his piece, the Le Point writer, Ian Hamel, gave his account of attending an event in the 2000s in a hotel in Lausanne where members of the International Olympic Committee went in and out of an adjoining room to get goodie bags supplied by Russia. Later, Hemel recalled, it was announced, “Sochi has been chosen for the winter games, even though the IOC can’t find this city on a map!”
Yet the IOC officials could not be arrested by the Swiss police standing outside of the hotel,  despite their “pockets bulging with bank notes,” Hamel claimed.
Quartz attempted to contact the IOC and FIFA for their responses on Sept. 13 but was unable to reach anyone.
Share this:
Top News

Infrastructure damage in J-K floods could touch Rs 6K croreAt least 50 small and big bridges have been damaged by the floods while long stretches of several important roads have been washed away. ( File photo )
PTI | Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 10:55 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 11:32 am
Jammu and Kashmir has suffered massive damage to its public infrastructure due to the worst floods it has faced in more than a century and officials say that the state would need at least Rs 5,000 crore to rebuild the same.
Even a conservative estimate of the damage to public infrastructure like bridges, roads, hospitals and other government buildings puts the figure at between Rs 5,000 crore to Rs 6,000 crore, Secretary to the state government’s Revenue, Relief and Rehabilitation Department, Vinod Kaul said.
Kaul said that in a presentation made to Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh during his visit to the state last week, the estimated damage to public infrastructure was pegged at around Rs 1,000 crore. However, at that time, Srinagar city was still unaffected by the floods.
The damage is very widespread in the summer capital of J&K as most government facilities here have been hit by the floods, he said. While most parts of south Kashmir — spread over the four districts of Anantnag, Kulgam, Shopian and Pulwama — were hit by floods in the early days of September, over 60 per cent of Srinagar city was marooned by the rampaging Jhelum on September 7.
Five major hospitals in the city — SMHS Hospital at Kaka Sarai, Lalla Ded Hospital at Wazirbagh, SKIMS Hospital at Bemina, Bone and Joint Hospital at Barzulla and GB Pant Hospital at Sonawar — were hit by the floods as Jhelum river breached its embankments at several places.
 
While there has not been much damage yet to the buildings of these hospitals, equipment worth hundreds of crores of rupees has been damaged and might need complete replacement if the water level in the city does not recede quickly. At least 50 small and big bridges have been damaged by the floods while long stretches of several important roads have been washed away.
The above reports are of the period prior to Srinagar getting hit by the floods. “We are yet to analyse the damage caused in the last six or seven days,” Kaul said.

Congress member Sandeep Dikshit slams Rahul Gandhi supportersDeepika cleavage row: Is the media guilty of caricaturing women?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Congress moves PM Modi for re-probe into Mumbai Centaur Hotels sale#congress #narendra modi #cbi #cbi probe #mumbai #centaur hotels
New Delhi: In the wake of Central Bureau of Investigation action in the sale of Udaipur's Laxmi Vilas Palace Hotel, the Congress has asked Prime Minister Narendra Modi to direct the probe agency to re-investigate the sale of two Centaur Hotels in Mumbai some 14 years ago.
In a letter to the Prime Minister, AICC Secretary Sanjay Nirupam said that the CBI should file an FIR in the matter so that the perpetrators including government officials and the ministers concerned are brought to book.
Making a strong plea for a re-investigation, he said this was needed as the probe into the sale of two Centaur Hotels at Airport and at Juhu in Mumbai belonging to the Hotel Corporation of India during the BJP-led NDA government in 2001-2002 has not seen the light of the day.
The Congress said that the CBI should file an FIR in the matter so that the perpetrators are brought to book.
He said that the Airport Centaur Hotel was first sold to Batra Hospitality Pvt Ltd for Rs 83 crore.
"However within four months of the disinvestment, Batra Hospitality Pvt Ltd resold the property to Sahara Hospitality Pvt Ltd for a profit of Rs 32 crore despite a specific clause in the agreement that it was non-assignable for two years," Nirupam claimed.
Thus the sale agreement signed between private entity Batra Hospitality Pvt Ltd and the Government of India was "clearly breached", he wrote.
Similarly the 317-room Juhu Centaur Hotel, a prime property on Juhu Beach, was sold to Tulip Hospitality Service Pvt Ltd for Rs 153 crore.
"The fact that Centaur Hotel, Juhu is now up for re-sale with a base price of Rs 1,300 crore in the tender issued proves beyond doubt that they were grossly unvalued in the previous sale," Nirupam wrote.
He said he wrote the letter in view of the fact that the CBI has booked the then Disinvestment Secretary in connection with the sale of the Udaipur hotel.

Rain briefly disrupts relief operations in KashmirValleyKashmiri flood victims ride a boat in front of a house that collapsed in floodwaters in Srinagar. (Source: AP)
Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:43 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 3:40 pm
Relief operations in flood-hit Kashmir Valley were briefly hampered this morning because of rain and cloudy weather.
Rain returned to Kashmir after a week of clear weather.
Mild rainfall occurred in many parts of the Valley this morning, triggering fears about more trouble in the area which is already reeling under the devastation caused by incessant rains last week.
ALSO READ:  Infrastructure damage in J-K floods could touch Rs 6K crore
The rainfall started at around 8.30 AM but stopped within an hour.
In view of the rainfall and dense clouds, IAF halted its flights to ferry relief supplies even though emergency operations of transporting medicines were maintained, IAF officials said.
Normal relief operations by IAF choppers resumed at 11.15 AM, they said.
SDM, Srinagar, Syed Abid Rasheed Shah said in the morning that inclement weather will create problems as many people are still on the roads and without shelter.
At some places, people are putting up in tents which are not waterproof, he said.
Around 1.5 lakh people are still marooned in many parts of the Valley after the worst floods in the state in a century unleashed a trail of death and destruction.
Air Officer Commanding (AoC), Air Commodore P E Patange informed that air operations were delayed in the state due to bad weather conditions and rains.
“In Jammu, we have some rains and wind, but in Srinagar there is little bad weather which hampers our operations,” he said.
“But our aircraft are loaded with material and ready to take off. When the weather improves, we will take off,” he said.
IMD Director B P Yadav said, “There was mild rainfall in the morning. But, we have not issued any warning. There would be no heavy rainfall in the State today.”
Eighty-six transport aircraft and helicopters of Indian Air Force and Army Aviation Corps are involved in rescue and relief operations.
So far 1771 sorties have been undertaken by the helicopters and aircraft of the Armed Forces and 2371 tonnes of relief material have been dropped by the Indian Air Force.
Over 1,50,000 persons have been rescued so far by the Army, IAF and NDRF from different parts of Jammu & Kashmir in the ongoing rescue and relief operations in the flood ravaged State.

Scottish independence could mean messydivorcePrint
"No Thanks" badges, wrist bands and stickers are offered to supporters as Member of Parliament and Shadow Secretary of State for International Development, Jim Murphy, speaks in support of the Union on the final day of his 100 Streets in 100 Days Better Together tour, in Sauchiehall Street, Glasgow, Scotland. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | London | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:39 pm
How do you divorce after a 300-year union? It’s complicated, and there is a deadline.
If Scots vote yes to separation on Thursday, a clock starts ticking down to March 24, 2016 — the independence day declared by the Scottish government.
The British and Scottish administrations have agreed that they will recognize the outcome of the referendum and appoint negotiators to work out the details of separation “in the best interests of the people of Scotland and of the rest of the United Kingdom.”
But there is disagreement on many issues, and only 18 months to redraft laws, establish international agreements and work out relationships with international organizations.
Robert Hazell, head of the Constitution Unit at University College London, says that is an “impossible timetable,” and estimates it could take up to three years to hammer out the details.
Some of the key issues:
DIVIDING THE ASSETS
The Yes and No campaigns have very different assessments of Scotland’s financial picture, including its share of Britain’s national debt and North Sea oil reserves.
The pro-independence Scottish government says Scotland would be entitled to 90 percent of Britain’s oil wealth — based on divvying up the two countries’ waters — but only liable for about 8 percent of its 1.3 trillion pound ($2.1 trillion) national debt, based on its share of the U.K. population.
The British government disputes this, pointing out that Scotland has higher per capita public-sector spending than England and so is more indebted.
Scottish independence leader Alex Salmond has signaled he could play hardball.
COUNTRY CLUBS
Salmond says that Scotland wants to remain in the United Nations, the European Union and NATO, and he anticipates little difficulty in keeping those seats.
Opponents say re-admission cannot be guaranteed. NATO, in particular, may be perturbed by Salmond’s promise to remove nuclear weapons from Scottish territory.
That’s not so much a problem for Scotland — nuclear weapons are not a membership requirement — as for Britain, whose entire nuclear arsenal is based aboard submarines at the Faslane naval base in western Scotland.
Adm. Mark Stanhope, a former head of the Royal Navy, has said that moving the weapons “would add a dangerous period of destabilization in our nuclear defense posture at a time when the international picture is clearly deteriorating.”
The Royal United Services Institute, a military think-tank, estimates that moving the weapons could cost several billion pounds (dollars) and take until 2028. In continued…

UKs Cameron calls emergency meeting afterkillingFile-This Oct. 11, 2013, file photo shows British Prime Minister David Cameron speaking during an investment conference in Belfast, Northern Ireland. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | London | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:26 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 2:32 pm
Prime Minister David Cameron is summoning military and security chiefs for an emergency meeting Sunday in response to the beheading of a British hostage and a threat against another.
The meeting comes after Islamic extremists released a video showing the beheading of British aid worker David Haines and threatening another with death.
READ: Obama condemns “barbaric murder” of British aid worker by IS 
Mike Haines, the victim’s brother, said David Haines had been murdered “in cold blood.” Britain’s Foreign and Commonwealth Office said it saw no reason to doubt the authenticity of the video.
Haines is the third Westerner beheaded in recent weeks by the Islamic State group, which has seized vast swaths of territory in Syria and Iraq. The first two were U.S. journalists.
Islamic State extremists had threatened Haines’ life in an earlier video released nearly two weeks ago.
The 44-year-old aid worker’s family had issued a plea to his captors the day before the latest beheading video was released. They urged the hostage-takers to contact them. The family said IS had ignored earlier attempts to open communications.
British officials had said they were doing everything possible to protect Haines. An earlier rescue bid led by U.S. forces had failed, however, and it is not clear Western agencies know the precise location of the hostage-takers.
Haines was kidnapped in Syria in March last year when he was working for the charity ACTED to help victims of the fighting there.
After his execution, Haines’ family released a statement praising his passion for charitable work.
Mike Haines said his brother was “most alive and enthusiastic” when involved with humanitarian missions.
“His joy and anticipation for the work he went to do in Syria is for myself and family the most important element of this whole sad affair,” Mike Haines said of his late brother. “He was and is loved by all his family and will be missed terribly.”
President Barack Obama said after the killing that the United States would stand with Britain in an expanded effort against the terror group.
“We will work with the United Kingdom and a broad coalition of nations from the region and around the world to bring the perpetrators of this outrageous act to justice, and to degrade and destroy this threat to the people of our countries, the region and the world,” he said.
France, which is holding an international conference Monday to combat IS, also condemned Haines’ killing.
“The odious assassination of David Haines shows once more the need for the international community to mobilize against the base and cowardly Daesh,” French President Francois Hollande said, using the group’s Arabic acronym.
Some British lawmakers called for Britain to launch air strikes against Islamic State forces after the killing.

HBO considers streaming option that won t requireHBO is "Seriously Considering" Streaming Service That Doesn't Require Cable
Is HBO Go ready to cut the cord?
Tyler Wells Lynch
September 13, 2014
HBO could make a killing with cord-cutters. Along with sports and some live events, it is perhaps the last, best argument for owning an archaic, one-way cable TV subscription in the year 2014. Game of Thrones alone could be worth what you're paying monthly for Netflix—well, almost.
For years, fans of HBO and online streaming in general have been imploring—nay, begging—HBO to offer its streaming service HBO Go as a standalone product. There’s even a website, subtly named TakeMyMoneyHBO.com , that does nothing but ask visitors how much they’re willing to pay for such a service.
Along with sports, HBO is the last, best argument for owning an archaic, one-way cable TV subscription in the year 2014.
Since HBO Go's inception, users have required a separate cable subscription to access HBO Go—a prerequisite that has compelled the most loyal fans of The Wire, Curb Your Enthusiasm, Vice, and The Sopranos—people who might otherwise cut the cord—to actually buy a cable subscription.
This week, however, HBO gave its strongest signal yet that it’s considering a standalone streaming service, and the internet almost broke as a result. At an investment conference, Time Warner CEO Jeff Bewkes was asked whether HBO would consider severing its reliance on the old cable TV model in favor of independent streaming.
Here’s his answer, as reported by  Quartz (emphasis mine):
It's a really good question. Many of you have asked it. And we ask it all the time and are always looking at it. The broadband opportunity is getting quite a bit bigger, and the ability of the plant to deliver something robust is getting stronger; and so the question you're asking is becoming more viable, more interesting. We're seriously considering what is the best way to deal with online distribution, but I don't have anything to announce about it today.
It’s no confirmation, but you have to wonder how long HBO can hold out—especially with many potential international customers blocked from getting HBO Go at all. And I think HBO knows that. It’s actually pretty absurd, this devotion, and it's something you don’t really find outside of the motorcycle community with Harley-Davidson loyalists.
Aside from brand loyalty, HBO has the doting, stinking-rich cradle of the cable companies.
But aside from brand loyalty, HBO has the doting, stinking-rich cradle of the cable companies. Comcast, for example, loves HBO because it's so popular, but its lack of support for certain streaming devices suggests it hates HBO GO . They know that the future of TV is online, but they want to delay that future to maintain an exclusive hold on TV's most lucrative properties.
Related: Sympathy for the Devil: Comcast on Net Neutrality
Currently, HBO Go isn’t available through Roku or PlayStation if you subscribe to cable broadband with Comcast—they want you to sign up for all the other cable channels as well, even if you just want to watch HBO Go.
Fortunately, it seems that HBO—along with the rest of the country —is increasingly fed up with the cable companies’ obstructionism.

Delhi government hires 6 000 teachers to fill shortage in schools#delhi government #hires #teachers #government schools #no detention policy
New Delhi: To overcome the problem of shortage of teachers in the government schools in the national capital, Delhi government has hired more than 6,000 guest teachers and 10,000 more are expected to join soon, a senior official said.
"Several initiatives are being taken to fill the gap of shortage of government teachers in capital as the focus is to provide quality education in government schools. The Directorate of Education has inducted more than six thousand guest teachers recently and ten thousand are going to join shortly," said Padmini Singla, Director, Education.
1981 TGT's (Trained Graduate Teacher) and 284 assistant teachers were hired under Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan in July this year.
Delhi government has hired more than 6,000 guest teachers and 10,000 more are expected.
"The Directorate (of Education) is in regular touch with Delhi Subordinate Services Selection Board (DSSSB) and it is likely to fill up the rest of the vacancies in current academic year only," Singla said in a statement.
To motivate the government teachers, who are often criticised for their lackadaisical approach, the Director said she has started to communicate directly with the principals and teachers of the schools by writing letters addressed to them and encouraging them to reply back to her.
Also, the Education Department is going to organise Open House Discussion at the Thyagraj Stadium this month where selected principals will share their successful best practises with all the 1007 heads of government schools in order to explore the possibilities of replicating them.
About the quality of education being imparted to students in government schools, Singla said "government school teachers are best among the lot and it is proven, as they have been giving best in class results year after year".
However, due to 'No Detention Policy' up to class eight, some children tend to take their studies lightly and when they reach class ninth, they directly need extra support to survive the pressure of studies, she said, adding, the Directorate of Education has started remedial classes for students from class ninth onwards for this purpose.

Hindi  regional languages must be encouraged: Pranab Mukherjee#pranab mukherjee #regional languages #hindi #rashtrapati bhawan #democracy
New Delhi: President Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday said the use of Hindi and regional languages must be encouraged.
Speaking at a function organised on the occasion of 'Hindi Divas' at the Rashtrapati Bhawan, he said, "The constitution provides that Hindi should be developed in such a way that it should reflect India's composite culture. Hindi has therefore been entrusted with a very important role.
"For democracy to be progressive, the use of Hindi language and regional languages will have to be increased.
President Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday said the use of Hindi and regional languages must be encouraged.
"The use of Hindi in internet and mobile services has increased manifold and this would be helpful in providing efficient administration to the public," he added.
The president said language was helpful in enabling government policies and schemes to reach the people.
Mukherjee presented the Rajbhasha awards instituted by the Rajbhasha Vibhag in the home ministry to recognize the contribution of ministries, departments and nationalized banks in the field of Hindi.

Himachal Pradesh tourism to bloom due to floods in Kashmir#tourism #himachal pradesh #jammu and kashmir floods #bloom #tourists #travel agent
Shimla: Floods in Kashmir may be a boon for Himachal Pradesh. A surge in tourist inflow to Himachal Pradesh is likely in the upcoming festive season because the devastating floods in Kashmir are scaring away tourists.
Tourism industry representatives are expecting a 30 to 35 per cent increase in the arrival of tourists with the onset of the Dussehra and Durga Puja festive season in the first week of October, particularly in places like Shimla, Manali and Dharamsala.
"We are expecting 30-35 per cent increase in footfall of the tourists during this period in the state compared to the previous years," Himachal Pradesh Tourism Development Corp (HPTDC) general manager Yogesh Behl said.
Tourist inflow to Himachal Pradesh is likely in the upcoming festive season because the devastating floods in Kashmir.
He said most tourists from West Bengal, Gujarat, Maharashtra and Delhi are opting to Himachal for vacations with the onset of Navaratri and Durga Puja.
"Our information centres are getting enquiries from the tourists who are now opting Himachal due to the natural calamity in Kashmir," he added.
After the peak tourists' months of May and June, it is the long Dussehra and Durga Puja holidays that every year attract a stream of holidaymakers to the hill state.
Corporate executive Malvika Arora from Delhi said she had cancelled her bookings in Srinagar and now is planning to visit Manali during the Dussehra holidays.
Hotelier and travel agent M.C. Thakur, who is based in Manali, some 250 km from the state capital, said adventure tourists, mainly foreigners, one of the major attractions of Himachal from September to October, is also gaining this season.
"Most of the foreigners generally prefer to drive down the 475-km-long Manali-Leh highway. From Leh, they travel towards Srinagar. Now with the condition of Leh-Srinagar roads quite bad, most of them prefer to come back to Manali again," he said.
Backpackers, especially from the US, Britain, Italy, France and Germany, come to Manali this period for adventure-related activities like trekking, rock-climbing and mountain biking.
Estimates of the state tourism department show over 100,000 tourists are likely to visit the state during two long weekends in October and November.
The first long weekend starts from October 2 (Gandhi Jayanti) and ends October 6 (Bakri Eid).
The second one is from Diwali.
"Diwali this year is on Thursday. So if you take an off Friday and combine the holiday with the weekend, you can practically party for four days without really allowing your work to suffer," says a travel agent.
Vijai Singh Mankotia, vice chairman of the state tourism development corporation, said for the tourists who want to enjoy rural tourism, staying in home stay units would also be the right option.
We are going to promote home stay units in a bigger way during the two-day apple fest going to be held in Shimla.
He said during the festival, a unique initiative to promote home stay units set up in orchards, an attempt would be made to take the tourists to the orchards and to promote those destinations.
The rural homestay scheme, started in 2008, have provided employment to around 3,000 people and generated economic activity worth over Rs 4 crore in the state, say officials.
The scheme also succeeds in driving tourists from traditional hotspots to offbeat destinations.
At present, over 350 homestay units with a room capacity of around 900 have been registered with the state. Out of these, over 120 alone are in the Kullu-Manali region. The Shimla and Dharamsala areas have around 100 units.
The tourist arrivals in Himachal Pradesh every year surpass the state's population of about 6.8 million.

Now Streaming: Trending videos of theweekWritten by Aleesha Matharu | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 3:44 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 10:59 am
Giant spider dog
You’re waiting for an elevator. The door slides open and you scream upon seeing a giant tarantula feasting upon a man. That’s the sort of scene you’ll find in the viral video where Polish prankster S A Wardega, who’s been doing a series of videos with horror references, dresses a dog in a furry eight-legged costume. He unleashed his “mutant giant spider dog” on unsuspecting victims to their terror, but our delight. Wardega even set up props that look like human body parts caught in a giant web. The star actor in this prank is Chica, the little black dog who, in the light of day, is just adorable (or as certain YouTube comments put it: “adhorrible!”). The video has racked up over 78 million hits since it was uploaded on September 4.
Goth acceptance
Being a teenager is hard. But having parents who go the extra mile can make a big difference. With a message against bullying in schools, German home improvement brand Hornbach has released a new commercial where we see a teen girl dressed all in black who feels out of place in her suburban high school environment. In the 45-second commercial, the teen spends her day at school being harassed and name-called by other students. Even people on the streets while she’s walking home turn away from her or hold their children close. But when she returns home, her father has a surprise that puts a smile on her face. He paints the entire house in a colour close to her heart (black). The video has been watched over 4 million times.
Things that will kill you
It’s hard to keep track of what could kill you these days but if you really want to know, it’s basically everything. College Humor created this dark comedy animation bit where the Grim Reaper lists all the things that can kill a person. There is at least one potential cause of death listed for each letter of the alphabet. The A-Z list of things that we come into contact with regularly that the skeleton gleefully gives us includes fried foods, tobacco, gluten, carbohydrates and even the outdoors. This one is for all the hypochondriacs to agree with and all the hypochondriac haters to laugh at. The video has been viewed nearly a million times since it was uploaded on September 6.

Rains briefly hit relief operations  another 60 000evacuatedPress Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 3:35 pm
Relief operations in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir were briefly hampered Sunday morning due to rains even as the Armed forces and NDRF rescued another 60,000 people trapped in flood waters in Kashmir Valley. Over one lakh people are still marooned several days after the worst floods in the state in a century unleashed a trail of death and destruction.
Mild rainfall occurred in many parts of the Valley Sunday morning, triggering fears about more trouble in the area
which is already reeling under the devastation caused by incessant rains last week.
However, the rainfall which started at around 8.30 AM stopped within an hour.
In view of the rainfall and dense clouds, IAF halted its flights to ferry relief supplies even though emergency operations of transporting medicines were maintained, IAF officials said, adding normal relief operations by IAF choppers resumed at 11.15 AM.
SDM, Srinagar, Syed Abid Rasheed Shah said that inclement weather will create problems as many people are still on the
roads and without shelter.
At some places, people are putting up in tents which are not waterproof, he said.
IMD Director B P Yadav said, “There was mild rainfall in the morning. But, we have not issued any warning. There would
be no heavy rainfall in the State today.”
Continuing their rescue operations for the 13th day, armed forces and NDRF personnel rescued another 60,000 people caught in flood waters in Kashmir Valley since Saturday.
“Armed Forces and NDRF have so far rescued over 2 lakh persons from different parts of J&K in the ongoing rescue and
relief operations,” a senior Army officer told PTI.
Of these, 1.20 lakh people have been rescued by Army alone, the officer said, adding the operation is going on.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah had said said on Saturday that as per the figures available with the
state government so far, 129 people had lost lives in Jammu region whereas 30-35 people were found dead in Kashmir Valley.
According to unofficial estimates, the death roll was around 250.
The Army officer said that suction pumps and other engineering equipment from Vishakhapatnam have reached the flood affected areas for relief work.12 sewage pumps from Delhi have also been dispatched to the Valley.
Also, 30 generator sets of 3 to 5 KVA capacity have been sent to Srinagar to provide continuous power supply in relief
camps and field hospitals, the officer said.
Thirteen tonnes of water purifying tablets and six water filtration plants with a capacity to filter 1.2 lakh bottles per day have also reached Srinagar.
Besides these, as many as 8,200 blankets and 1,119 tents have been provided to the flood victims, he said, adding, 80
medical teams of the Armed Forces Medical Services are operating in full swing.
Four field hospitals have been established in Avantipur, Pattan, Anantnag and Old Airfield where medical aid is being provided to the ailing people, he said, adding that till now, they have treated more than 22,500 patients.
Military medical services from Bathinda have also been shifted to Srinagar, he said, adding that about 10 tonnes of medicines and other health care material, including mobile oxygen continued…

Hindi in internet  mobile helpful for efficient administration: PresidentHindi
The use of Hindi in internet and mobile services has increased manifold and this would be helpful in providing efficient administration, said President Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday, speaking on the occasion of Hindi Divas at a function held at the Rashtrapati Bhavan in New Delhi.
The President also presented the Rajbhasha awards in various categories and said the Constitution provides that Hindi language should be developed in such a way that it should reflect India’s composite culture. 
Hindi has therefore, been entrusted with a very important role, he said, pointing out that the language is helpful in enabling government policies and schemes to reach the people. For democracy to be progressive, the use of Hindi language and regional languages will have to be increased he pointed out.
These Rajbhasha awards were instituted by the Rajbhasha Vibhag, Ministry of Home Affairs to recognise the contribution of Ministries, Departments and Nationalised Banks etc. in the field of Hindi.

MQM chief Altaf Hussain steps down  then withdraws resignationPTI | Karachi | Posted: September 14, 2014 11:55 am
 
Pakistan’s Mutthaida Qaumi Movement (MQM) chief Altaf Hussain, on Sunday, announced to resign as party head but in a dramatic move withdrew his decision hours later.
“I have decided to leave the party today because I don’t have the strength and courage to bear any more disappointments and betrayals,” said 60-year-old Hussain, who is living in self-exile in London since 1991.
“The central committee is now free to choose anyone they want to head the party,” he said early Sunday morning. Soon after his announcement, hundreds of party supporters gathered at the MQM headquarters in Karachi and in other parts of the Sindh province shouting slogans in favour of Hussain and urging him to change his decision.
The central committee, which has been the target of criticism in recent weeks by Hussain, held an emergency meeting with senior leaders saying they would convince him to reverse his decision.
“No one but Altaf Hussain can lead this party. I know we have made mistakes but we ask for his forgiveness,” MNA and senior leader Dr Farooq Sattar said. Hours later, Hussian withdrew his resignation, saying it was last time to accept the demand of workers.
In a telephonic address to his supporters outside MQM headquarters, Hussain said: “Once again, I’m agreeing to my supporters’ wishes.” Last year, he had announced his resignation, only to withdraw his decision after a few hours, on the insistence of party workers.
The MQM, which is the single largest party in Karachi and also the most influential with the power to shut down the city in minutes, was formed in 1984-85 by Hussain when he was a student leader in the Karachi University.
Hussain and a loyal band of followers had formed the Mohajir Qaumi Movement and won widespread support from the Urdu speaking population which migrated to Pakistan from India during 1947 partition. Hussain was also unhappy with the accusations made by the
Paramilitary Rangers about his party workers being involved in sectarian violence and killings in Karachi and termed it a conspiracy against the MQM.
His charismatic and immense power over the Urdu speaking population in Karachi and Sindh was evident earlier this year when he was arrested by the British Metropolitan police in London in a money laundering case. Just an hour after his arrest was announced Karachi came
to a standstill and remained shut for three days before the MQM appealed to the people to resume normal business and work.

Kingfisher Airlines  loan default only a  trickle : Former CAG Vinod RaiSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

World waits for white smoke from US Federal ...ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
FRANKFURT: The US Federal Reserve may give clearer hints on when it will hike the cost of borrowing in the United States in the coming week, as struggling Europe braces for a tight vote in Scotland on whether to leave the United Kingdom .
As the US economy picks up pace, its central bank is inching closer to raising interest rates, a move that will send ripples across the globe. In the euro zone, however, the European Central Bank is moving in the opposite direction in a desperate bid to rekindle growth and inflation.
The United States is shaking off the hangover from a financial crisis that hammered Europe and even knocked mighty China off its stride.
But the US rebound, thanks in large part to cheap Fed money, now means Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen will have to decide when to pare back this support.
Further hints as to when the first US rate hike in more than eight years will happen could come on Wednesday in a statement after the bank's governors meet.
"It does seem like a done deal that it is going to increase interest rates," said Paul Dales of economics consultancy Capital Economics.
"We are going into a new phase where the Fed is trying to bring things back to normal. It can send reverberations around the world economy."
Choosing when to increase the cost of borrowing in the world's biggest economy - a move expected next year - is a delicate balancing act.
Yellen and others will be trying to work out how to keep the economic recovery on a steady keel without stopping it before the effects of the upswing lead to higher wages.
By contrast, the European Central Bank recently cut the cost of borrowing to near zero and pledged to buy repackaged debt in a bid to kick-start lending to small companies.
For some, the eventual move in Washington will be good news for Europe.
"This will help to weaken the euro and a weaker euro will help countries like Ireland, Portugal and Spain to sell more to the rest of the world," said Philip Lane, an economist at Trinity College Dublin.
But for others, the contrast underscores Europe's weakness.
"America is so much further than Europe," said Joerg Kraemer, chief economist of Commerzbank. "Any hope of economic improvement here has disappeared over the Summer."
Cultural Divide
On the same day as central bankers gather in Washington, the euro zone will give further insight into why price inflation, an important yardstick of the recovery, plumbed new lows in August.
On Thursday the ECB will also reveal how much of its first offer of four-year loans banks have taken up on condition that they lend on to businesses, as part of the central bank's efforts to bolster the flagging economy in the 18-country bloc.
ECB President Mario Draghi says the aim is to get the ECB's balance sheet back near its 2012 peak via new measures, meaning it is aiming to inject the thick end of 1 trillion euros into the euro zone economy.
Reuters polling shows that economists expect banks to take up 275 billion euros of the 400 billion the ECB will offer over time and that they will buy around 400 billion euros of asset-backed securities and covered bonds over the next two years under a separate scheme.
Adding to Europe's woes, the conflict in Ukraine is making investors and companies nervous.
Despite a fragile ceasefire between Ukrainian government forces and Russian-backed rebels, the EU has introduced further sanctions against Moscow. Sanctions are hurting Russia and further signs of that will be seen next week in data such as measures of fresh capital investment - once a major driver of its economy.
The conflict has also hit business confidence in continental Europe, including industrial powerhouse Germany, which publishes the closely watched ZEW survey of investor sentiment on Sept 16.
Unlike the United States, Europe's patchwork of nations and languages hampers efforts to coordinate economic policy, leaving much of the burden on the ECB.
Even within nations there are divisions. On Sept. 18, Scotland will vote on whether or not to stay part of the United Kingdom. Should it choose independence, it would send shockwaves around Europe.
Britain and Scotland would have to start dividing up their $2.5 trillion economy, North Sea oil and the national debt, while Prime Minister David Cameron would face calls to resign.
Scotland would also have to decide what currency to use. London has said it could not use the pound, while British banks in Edinburgh, Lloyds (LLOY.L) and RBS (RBS.L), say they would move south.
Rethinking China
In China annual growth has roughly halved since the financial crisis hit demand for its goods, and recent data has offered little to brighten the mainly gloomy global picture.
China's central bank, like many of its global peers, has been pumping out cash to support the economy, raising the cost of living in cities such as Beijing, where a large two-bedroom flat can cost $1 million and a Starbucks coffee up to $6.
The government has been slow to implement reforms to dilute the power of big state-owned enterprises such as China Telecom to make space for smaller start-ups.
"Cutting interest rates may be possible if inflation falls further," said Zhu Baoliang, chief economist at State Information Centre, a top government think-tank in Beijing. "It's time to quicken reforms."
For others, China's slowdown is more than just a temporary phenomenon and may even require a rethink about basic principles of economics with its relentless focus on growth.
"It's a long-term trend that we are seeing here," said Guntram Wolff of Brussels think tank Bruegel.
"We are seeing the limits of the growth model in the developed economies."

Foley  Sotloff  now Haines: Islamic State dares world with 3 beheadings in 27 daysAfter beheading Foley, Sotloff and Haines, IS parades British aid worker Alan Hening
AFP
print
The Islamic State claimed the beheading of a British aid worker on Saturday, an act slammed as "pure evil" by Prime Minister David Cameron who vowed Britain would do all it could to catch the killers.
President Barack Obama offered US support for its "ally in grief", while Cameron faced growing calls to allow Britain's military to help in Washington's planned assault against the rampaging  jihadist group.
Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
The British premier will chair a meeting of the government's emergency Cobra committee early Sunday in response to the online video purportedly showing a masked IS militant killing hostage David Haines in retribution for the US and British campaign against the group.
Cameron called the attack "a despicable and appalling murder of an innocent aid worker" and "an act of pure evil."
"We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes," he said in a statement.
Two US journalists have been murdered in similar circumstances in recent weeks.
Obama slammed the latest attack as "barbaric" and said the US "stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve".
Britain has yet to join US air strikes against IS in Iraq, but has offered to arm Kurdish Peshmerga fighters battling against militants in the north of the country, a move cited in the latest video as a reason for revenge.
Read: Act of pure evil, says Cameron as UK hostage beheaded
Murdered 'in cold blood'
Britain's Foreign Office said it was "working as quickly as it could" to verify the two-minute-27-second clip, entitled "A Message to the Allies of America".
The video opens with a clip of Cameron describing the British strategy of working with the Iraqi government to help arm Kurdish fighters against "these brutal extremist militants," and to offer aid, diplomacy, and military help to pressure IS.
Haines then appears, dressed in an orange jumpsuit, and identifies himself before calmly explaining that he is paying the price for Cameron's policy.
The attacker -- who appears to be the same man as in the previous two beheading videos -- tells Britain the alliance with the US will "accelerate your destruction" and will drag the British people into "another bloody and unwinnable war."
In the video, IS militants have announced their next target as another British aid worker Alan Hening.
As was the case with the previous two videos of Foley and Sotloff, the executioner introduces Hening at the end of the video.
Haines's brother Mike paid tribute to a "good brother...who was recently murdered in cold blood."
"He was, in the right mood, the life and soul of the party and on other times the most stubborn irritating pain in the ass," he said in a statement.
"He was and is loved by all his family and will be missed terribly."
Scottish-born Haines, 44, was taken hostage in Syria in March 2013 and was threatened in a video released this month depicting the beheading by an IS militant of the US journalist Steven Sotloff.
IS released a video claiming the execution of fellow US journalist James Foley on August 19.
Former head of the British Army Richard Dannatt on Sunday piled pressure on Cameron to let the country's military join a planned assault against IS, announced by Obama this week.
"What we absolutely need to do is not be cowed in any way by yet another foul murder of a hostage," he told Sky News.
"We can support them (the US) to confront, attack and defeat the Islamic State jihadi fighters ... and make sure this cancer is removed from the region before it spreads more widely."
Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
Kerry drums up local support
Under pressure himself to tackle the problem,  Obama on Wednesday set out a strategy which would include air strikes in Syria and expanded operations in Iraq.
But Cameron will be wary of playing into the hands of the captors by escalating tensions and is also recovering from last year's humiliation of failing to achieve parliamentary support for air strikes against Syria's President Bashar al-Assad.
As part of efforts to build up local support for action, US Secretary of State John Kerry on Saturday sought to bolster relations with Egypt during meetings with its leaders.
Egypt's formidable army is unlikely to take part in a military coalition against IS, but the country boasts the prestigious Sunni Muslim authority Al-Azhar, which Kerry said would fight back against the Islamic State's use of the religion.
Kerry takes his push to forge a broad coalition against Islamic State jihadists to France on Sunday , on the eve of an international conference in Paris on peace and security in Iraq.
The CIA put the number of IS fighters at 20,000 to 31,500 in Iraq and Syria, up to three times the previous estimate.
US aircraft have carried out more than 160 strikes in Iraq since early August, the US Central Command said Saturday.

Constable killed  6 injured in clash outside Cong MPs home in AmethiPolice personnel during a clash with supporters of Anant Vikram over the possesion of Bhupat Bhavan in Amethi on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Amethi | Posted: September 14, 2014 3:47 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 7:25 pm
At least 18 persons have been detained after a constable was killed and six persons were injured in a clash  between the alleged supporters of Anant Vikram Singh, the son of Congress MP Sanjay Singh, and police.
“We have detained 18 persons involved in the clash and prohibitory orders have been clamped in the area. Videography of the entire incident was done and after going through the footage, action will be initiated against those involved,” said Superintendent of Police, Hiralal.
According to police, the clash took place earlier on Sunday as Anant Vikram’s supporters gathered outside ‘Bhoopati Bhawan’, the Singhs’ ancestral house here, after hearing that the Congress MP and his wife Amita were to arrive in Amethi.
Anant Vikram occupies the residence with his mother and Sanjay Singh’s first wife, Garima.
Sanjay Singh and his second wife Amita are locked in a dispute over the ancestral house with Anant Vikram and Garima.
The Congress MP — who has been given Y-category security — has reached here with Amita and District Magistrate Jagatraj Tripathi said he cannot be prevented from entering Bhoopati Bhavan as it “is his (Sanjay Singh’s) house”.
Talking about the clash, Additional Superintendent of Police (ASP), Munnalal, said that constable Vijay Mishra (45), who was posted at Amethi police station, died after sustaining a bullet injury in firing by the irate group. He added that six persons were injured in the clash.
Police had to resort to a lathicharge and fired teargas shells and rubber bullets to control the mob, Munnalal added.
Elaborate security arrangements have now been put in place and adequate numbers of police and central forces deployed at the spot to prevent any further disturbance.
Meanwhile, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has condoled the death of the constable and extended compensation of Rs 20 lakh for the bereaved family.

Now Streaming: Trending videos of the weekWritten by Aleesha Matharu | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 3:44 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 10:59 am
Giant spider dog
You’re waiting for an elevator. The door slides open and you scream upon seeing a giant tarantula feasting upon a man. That’s the sort of scene you’ll find in the viral video where Polish prankster S A Wardega, who’s been doing a series of videos with horror references, dresses a dog in a furry eight-legged costume. He unleashed his “mutant giant spider dog” on unsuspecting victims to their terror, but our delight. Wardega even set up props that look like human body parts caught in a giant web. The star actor in this prank is Chica, the little black dog who, in the light of day, is just adorable (or as certain YouTube comments put it: “adhorrible!”). The video has racked up over 78 million hits since it was uploaded on September 4.
Goth acceptance
Being a teenager is hard. But having parents who go the extra mile can make a big difference. With a message against bullying in schools, German home improvement brand Hornbach has released a new commercial where we see a teen girl dressed all in black who feels out of place in her suburban high school environment. In the 45-second commercial, the teen spends her day at school being harassed and name-called by other students. Even people on the streets while she’s walking home turn away from her or hold their children close. But when she returns home, her father has a surprise that puts a smile on her face. He paints the entire house in a colour close to her heart (black). The video has been watched over 4 million times.
Things that will kill you
It’s hard to keep track of what could kill you these days but if you really want to know, it’s basically everything. College Humor created this dark comedy animation bit where the Grim Reaper lists all the things that can kill a person. There is at least one potential cause of death listed for each letter of the alphabet. The A-Z list of things that we come into contact with regularly that the skeleton gleefully gives us includes fried foods, tobacco, gluten, carbohydrates and even the outdoors. This one is for all the hypochondriacs to agree with and all the hypochondriac haters to laugh at. The video has been viewed nearly a million times since it was uploaded on September 6.

Rains briefly hit relief operations  another 60 000 evacuatedPress Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 3:35 pm
Relief operations in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir were briefly hampered Sunday morning due to rains even as the Armed forces and NDRF rescued another 60,000 people trapped in flood waters in Kashmir Valley. Over one lakh people are still marooned several days after the worst floods in the state in a century unleashed a trail of death and destruction.
Mild rainfall occurred in many parts of the Valley Sunday morning, triggering fears about more trouble in the area
which is already reeling under the devastation caused by incessant rains last week.
However, the rainfall which started at around 8.30 AM stopped within an hour.
In view of the rainfall and dense clouds, IAF halted its flights to ferry relief supplies even though emergency operations of transporting medicines were maintained, IAF officials said, adding normal relief operations by IAF choppers resumed at 11.15 AM.
SDM, Srinagar, Syed Abid Rasheed Shah said that inclement weather will create problems as many people are still on the
roads and without shelter.
At some places, people are putting up in tents which are not waterproof, he said.
IMD Director B P Yadav said, “There was mild rainfall in the morning. But, we have not issued any warning. There would
be no heavy rainfall in the State today.”
Continuing their rescue operations for the 13th day, armed forces and NDRF personnel rescued another 60,000 people caught in flood waters in Kashmir Valley since Saturday.
“Armed Forces and NDRF have so far rescued over 2 lakh persons from different parts of J&K in the ongoing rescue and
relief operations,” a senior Army officer told PTI.
Of these, 1.20 lakh people have been rescued by Army alone, the officer said, adding the operation is going on.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah had said said on Saturday that as per the figures available with the
state government so far, 129 people had lost lives in Jammu region whereas 30-35 people were found dead in Kashmir Valley.
According to unofficial estimates, the death roll was around 250.
The Army officer said that suction pumps and other engineering equipment from Vishakhapatnam have reached the flood affected areas for relief work.12 sewage pumps from Delhi have also been dispatched to the Valley.
Also, 30 generator sets of 3 to 5 KVA capacity have been sent to Srinagar to provide continuous power supply in relief
camps and field hospitals, the officer said.
Thirteen tonnes of water purifying tablets and six water filtration plants with a capacity to filter 1.2 lakh bottles per day have also reached Srinagar.
Besides these, as many as 8,200 blankets and 1,119 tents have been provided to the flood victims, he said, adding, 80
medical teams of the Armed Forces Medical Services are operating in full swing.
Four field hospitals have been established in Avantipur, Pattan, Anantnag and Old Airfield where medical aid is being provided to the ailing people, he said, adding that till now, they have treated more than 22,500 patients.
Military medical services from Bathinda have also been shifted to Srinagar, he said, adding that about 10 tonnes of medicines and other health care material, including mobile oxygen continued…

Reserve Bank to pick talent via UPSC-like testReserve Bank to pick talent via UPSC-like test
G Naga Sridhar
Photo credit: Reuters At present, it recruits officers and support staff for core and non-core functions through different examinations, such as the Grade ‘B’ officers level exam.
Hyderabad, September 8:  
The Reserve Bank of India will adopt a common recruitment system from next year to tap talent for its core functions. The larger objective is to strengthen itself in the changing economic scenario.
“Starting from 2015, there shall be common recruitment for all core functions of the bank,” the RBI said in an internal report on HR initiatives.
At present, it recruits officers and support staff for core and non-core functions through different examinations, such as the Grade ‘B’ officers level exam. The RBI now has about 17,000 employees.
The proposed common recruitment will not only cover traditional areas such as economics and statistics but also include niche skills, such as risk management, financial markets trading, accounting, legal, human resources management and counselling.
The officers that are recruited will have a common seniority. In effect, it will be like the common cadre under the All India Services of the Union Public Service Commission.
The Reserve Bank Services Board hopes to complete the entire recruitment cycle within three to four months.
Assessment centre
By December, an assessment centre will be in place to evaluate the actual/potential performance of an officer. “We do need to engage external consultants,” the RBI said.
The apex bank may disassociate itself from functions such as debt management and micro management of sector lending, among others.
The focus on forensic audits, on-tap bank licensing, differentiated bank licensing, enforcement, IT systems and risk modelling will increase.
As part of the restructuring initiatives, an amendment to the existing RBI Act is on the anvil to create additional positions in top management.
New units such as a market intelligence division and departments for corporate services and corporate strategy are also in the offing.
(This article was published on September 8, 2014)
Related

Exclusive: Wall Street watchdog to pick insider as arbitration head - source0
Berry and Andrichik have long worked for FINRA and its predecessor organization, the National Association of Securities Dealers.
Berry, who has a law degree from the University of California Hastings College of the Law in San Francisco, joined the regulator in 1995, according to his LinkedIn profile. Andrichik has worked for FINRA since 1980, according to his LinkedIn profile. He has a law degree from Loyola University Chicago School of Law.
FINRA's departing arbitration head, Fienberg, has overseen many changes to the authority's controversial arbitration process, including removing a mandatory industry-affiliated arbitrator on each three-person arbitration panel. Critics of the system said it was biased in favor of Wall Street firms.
Fienberg's retirement comes as a plan to restrict industry veterans from acting as arbitrators in many disputes between investors and their brokerages is pending at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.
Fienberg also serves as FINRA's chief hearing officer, overseeing the program through which FINRA conducts hearings involving brokers and Wall Street firms facing discipline by the regulator. The position will be filled separately.
(Reporting by Suzanne Barlyn; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Andre Grenon)

Investors should remain discrete  says Sanjeev ZarbadeSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

In its first race  Formula E proves its already more of a sport than Formula OneThe only cars not adding to Beijing's air pollution.Reuters/Barry Huang
SHARE
Kabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
September 13, 2014
Formula E is here. The first motor-racing championship featuring all-electric cars began its inaugural season in Beijing on Saturday, and it was won in an exciting finish by Audi Sport’s Lucas Di Grassi after leader Nicolas Prost crashed at the final corner.
Formula E arrives and takes over city centers for a day , which encompasses practice, qualifying laps, and the race itself. The races only last an hour and each team has two cars—the organizers haven’t quite figured out a way to safely change batteries in one car nor make one battery last the whole race, so there’s a switch halfway through the race.
It’s very different than Formula One, which takes place mostly in dedicated racetracks like Monza , where the build-up to the races take place over the leisurely course of a long weekend. Formula E is also more of an actual sport: The 10 teams have exactly the same cars, unlike In Formula One, where the teams each make their own cars within rules set by the FIA, the world motor-sporting body. That leads to two variables affecting the outcome of the race: the quality of the car and the quality of the driver. Without a level playing field on the former variable, it’s impossible to evaluate the latter—and tell who is really winning.
Take, for example, the current world champion, Sebastian Vettel. When he joined Formula One in 2007, he finished 14th. Then his car manufacturer, Red Bull, made a better car. He won the last four world championships in a row—joining legends of the sport like Alain Prost (the father of Formula E driver Nicolas) and Michael Schumacher. This year, his car is not as good. He’s currently sixth and being beaten by his unheralded teammate .
The current leader of the 2014 championship is Nico Rosberg, who has previously not finished higher than sixth in Formula One. But Mercedes have made a great car this year and Rosberg and his teammate, Lewis Hamilton, are in first- and second-place, leading the third-placed driver by more than 50 points .
So, who is the best driver in the world? Who knows? It’s like having a tennis match between Roger Federer and Rafa Nadal, only Federer’s half of the court is grass and Nadal’s is clay.
The only way to make Formula One more of a sport would be to have to the driver in the same car. Or perhaps to use driverless car technology and test the quality of the car. But neither is going to happen. And in fact, it won’t be this way in Formula E for much longer. From next year, the 10 teams—who are owned by people like Leonardo DiCaprio and Richard Branson—can begin to design their own cars. Let’s savour the true competition while it lasts.
Share this:
Top News

Selfie Brush: A selfie-clicking iPhone case that can also brush your hairNew York: Do you find it problematic to attain a perfect selfie? Try this hair brush that will not only groom your hair but will also help you click a cool self-portrait.
"Selfie Brush" is a hairbrush which works both as a mirror and an iPhone case.
Once you mount your phone onto a handle, the $20 "Selfie Brush" is easy to hold and will help you capture better selfies.
Once you mount your phone onto a handle, the $20 Selfie Brush is easy to hold and will help you capture better selfies.
"Easily take the best selfies ever with the Selfie Brush. The Selfie Brush is a fabulous paddle brush and cellphone case in one. Have your best hair in every selfie with the Selfie Brush," reads the description on its website.
With the brush side, you can groom your locks and then flip it around and find your best angle using the mirror.

HDFC Bank in new push for rural richSeptember 14, 2014 6:39 am
HDFC Bank in renewed push for India’s rural rich
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1888b29a-3a1f-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tanzanian field a fillip to Solo Oil© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bf8de200-3ac3-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Google Earth engine to help predict malaria on mapsGoogle Earth engine to help predict malaria on maps
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 14:  
Scientists are developing an online platform, using data on Google Earth Engine, that health workers around the world can use to predict where malaria is likely to be transmitted.
The goal is to enable resource poor countries to wage more targeted and effective campaigns against the mosquito-borne disease, which kills 600,000 people a year, most of them children, researchers at the University of California, San Francisco said.
Faced with a multitude of public health needs, countries often make the mistake of cutting their malaria efforts just when they are close to eliminating the disease, said Hugh Sturrock, an assistant professor of epidemiology and biostatistics.
“This can have disastrous consequences, since malaria can quickly rebound, putting years of expensive control efforts to waste,” he said.
“But with these maps, health workers will know exactly where to target their scarce resources. That way, they can keep fighting the disease until it’s eliminated within their borders,” said Sturrock.
Google Earth Engine brings together the world’s satellite imagery — trillions of scientific measurements dating back almost 40 years — and makes it available online with tools for scientists, independent researchers and nations to mine this massive warehouse of data to detect changes, map trends and quantify differences on the Earth’s surface.
With the malaria prediction platform, local health workers will be able to upload their own data on where and when malaria cases have been occurring and combine it with real—time satellite data on weather and other environmental conditions within Earth Engine to pinpoint where new cases are most likely to occur.
That way, they can spray insecticide, distribute bed nets or give anti-malarial drugs just to the people who still need them, instead of blanketing the entire country.
By looking at the relationship between disease occurrence and factors such as rainfall, vegetation and the presence of water in the environment, the maps will also help health workers and scientists study what drives malaria transmission.
The new tool will be piloted in Swaziland, a country in southern Africa that has limited malaria to a few small pockets across the country through the malaria elimination program it launched in 2008 with help from the Global Health Group.
Plans are to make the tool available to health workers in other countries working with the Global Health Group’s Malaria Elimination Initiative. The tool could also be adapted to predict other infectious diseases.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Nearly 40 Indo-Japan deal queries since Narendra Modi s May victorySatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Well bring Lokpal  but today people say they value power  water bills more: Manish SisodiaAAP leader Manish Sisodia says Congress is cause of the problems which they want to change.
Express News Service | Posted: September 14, 2014 12:13 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 8:45 am
In this Idea Exchange moderated by City Editor (Delhi) Apurva, senior AAP leader Manish Sisodia talks about learning from the party’s past mistakes, their plans for Delhi, AAP’s ‘ambivalent’ stand on communalism and perils of issues like ‘love jihad’
Apurva: You had grand plans for the Lok Sabha elections and you fought on many seats, but in the end, you won just four. Now you have decided not to contest any of the Assembly elections, but your local units have been demanding that you fight. What are AAP’s plans?
There were no ‘grand plans’. We knew from day one that we are not in for a majority in the Lok Sabha. We were not prepared, we did not have an organisation of that sort. Our candidates had very little time to prepare for the elections. We were under no illusion that we would win many seats or that (Arvind) Kejriwal would be prime minister. We had a few options. The first was to fight from a few high-profile seats to challenge the ministers who we were campaigning against. The second plan was that we should fight from 50 seats held by tainted politicians. But we thought we should bring in people who are in the periphery of the party — Kanchan Chaudhary Bhattacharya, Sarah Joseph, Medha Patekar, to name a few. There were many such well-wishers, but none of them was in the party’s nucleus. I was part of the candidate selection committee and I wanted to bring in such people into the party’s nucleus. Where we went wrong is that we thought that after we resign, elections would be announced along with the Lok Sabha polls and we would come back with a majority. We had no gampeplan.
 
Dipankar Ghose: You were saying that you were okay with getting a few seats in the Lok Sabha elections because your main aim was to spread your organisation. So, why not do it for the Assembly elections too?
We gained a lot of experience from fighting the Lok Sabha elections. It is not necessary that we contest every election that comes our way. Politics is not limited to fighting elections. Delhi was important for us even then. Had we got 36 seats, we would have crossed our first step. Now, we are still on that first step and we need to strengthen that.
Coomi Kapoor: What do you think of Sheila Dikshit’s comments regarding the BJP forming the government in Delhi?
It was a surprise for us. Dikshit is not a novice Congress leader. She knows what she is saying. Where did the comment come from, only she can tell. We have said that we do not have any problem if the Congress and BJP form the government. There is something cooking between continued…

PM to deliver speech at UN General Assembly in HindiPM to deliver speech at UN General Assembly in Hindi
PTI
Prime Minister Narendra Modi
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will deliver his speech at the UN General Assembly in New York in Hindi, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said today.
Addressing a function organised on the occasion of Hindi Divas, the Home Minister said Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the first Prime Minister to deliver his speech in the United Nations in Hindi.
“I, as a Minister, once had delivered my speech in the United Nations in Hindi.... Our Prime Minister Narendra Modi will deliver his speech in United Nations in Hindi.
“The Prime Minister also speaks Hindi when he meets foreign dignitaries,” he said amidst applause at a function organised at Rashtrapati Bhavan. President Pranab Mukherjee was present at the function.
The Prime Minister is expected to address the United Nations General Assembly on September 27.
The Home Minister said 55 per cent population of the country speaks Hindi, while 85 to 90 per cent people in the country understand Hindi even though it is not their mother tongue.
Singh said people like Bal Gangadhar Tilak, Shyama Prasad Mookerjee, Mahatma Gandhi and N Gopalaswami Ayyangar had advocated expansion and popularisation of Hindi even though their mother tongues were different.
“Hindi is the common language of the country,” he said.
The Home Minister said Sanskrit is the mother of all Indian languages, while Hindi and other regional languages are sisters.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

CBI examining SFIO report on Tata-Unitech dealPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 01:40 PM IST
CBI examining SFIO report on Tata-Unitech deal
CBI has started examining the report of the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) on Tata-Unitech deal and the agency would be soon examining some of the senior officials of the two companies in this regard
CBI has started examining the report of the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) on Tata-Unitech deal and the agency would be soon examining some of the senior officials of the two companies in this regard.
The CBI has also informed the Supreme Court about its decision to begin a probe into the Tata-Unitech deal which was not investigated during the earlier probe carried out by the CBI in the 2G spectrum case.
A Preliminary Enquiry (PE) has been registered by CBI to probe an alleged Rs 1,700 crore land deal between Tata Realty and Unitech in 2007.
The SFIO has alleged that the realty deal between Tatas and Unitech in 2007 could have been been meant for funding Unitech's telecom licence issued in January 2008.
Sources in the agency said that all documents pertaining to the case were being scrutinised and soon the officials from the two companies will be examined to ascertain the actual purpose of the land deal.
Tata Realty has maintained that the company has explained its position on this deal.
"We have explained our position on this issue in the past. We reiterate that we have comprehensively addressed questions from all Government agencies and fully cooperated with all authorities in their investigations. We stress that we are committed to the highest standards of ethics and business conduct," company spokesperson had said earlier.
Unitech refused to comment on the issue.
 Advertisements

PM Narendra Modi to address UN General Assembly in Hindi#narendra modi #us #hindi #united nations general assembly #rajnath singh #modi us trip
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will deliver his speech in the United National General Assembly in New York in Hindi, Home Minister Rajnath Singh said on Sunday.
Addressing a function organised on the occasion of Hindi Divas, the Home Minister said Atal Bihari Vajpayee was the first Prime Minister to deliver his speech in the United States in Hindi.
"I, as a Minister, once had delivered my speech in the United Nations in Hindi.... Our Prime Minister Narendra Modi will deliver his speech in United Nations in Hindi.
The Prime Minister is expected to address the United Nations General Assembly on September 27.
"The Prime Minister also speaks Hindi when he meets foreign dignitaries," he said amidst applause at a function organised at Rashtrapati Bhavan. President Pranab Mukherjee was present at the function.
The Prime Minister is expected to address the United Nations General Assembly on September 27.
The Home Minister said 55 per cent population of the country speaks Hindi while 85 to 90 per cent people in the country understand Hindi even though it is not their mother tongue.
Singh said people like Bal Gangadhar Tilak, Shyama Prasad Mookerjee, Mahatma Gandhi and N Gopalaswami Ayyangar had advocated expansion and popularisation of Hindi even though their mother tongues were different.
"Hindi is the common language of the country," he said. The Home Minister said Sanskrit is the mother of all Indian languages while Hindi and other regional languages are sisters.

Employees generate ideas worth $500 mn: HCL TechnologiesEmployees
(India's fourth largest…)
NEW DELHI: India's fourth largest IT firm HCL Technologies is now focussing on "ideapreneurship" to encourage employees to come up with innovative solutions to customers' business challenges.
Under the initiative, the Noida-based firm has generated over 32,000 innovative ideas since 2008 to deliver approximately USD 500 million of value to customers.
"It is a platform where our employees can share, collaborate and shape ideas in a structured manner to deliver value to our customers. It is at the heart of grassroots' ideas led revolution we are experiencing," HCL Technologies Chief Human Resources Officer Prithvi Shergill told PTI.
This culture is a key enabler of the company's strategy, he added.
"In a growth-constrained, post-recession world where many traditional sources of advantage are not as relevant, the best investment to succeed is the power of ideas," he said.
In 2005, HCL Technologies had introduced a new management model -- Employees First, Customers Second (EFCS) -- aimed at making managers as accountable to employees as employees were to their bosses and transfer responsibility for change and value creation to front-line employees.
HCL acknowledges that putting the Employee First and engaging and empowering remains vital in today's environment, Shergill added.
"The ideas we see emerging could be something that helps solve a business problem, brings in a new way of doing business, or helps create competitive differentiation, it can be anything that adds value to the client," he said.
Shergill added that by channelising the energies of 95,000 employees, innovation is happening across teams.
"By giving them the right tools, and creating the right environment, HCL is enabling employees to collaborate, communicate and create value freely across teams and across boundaries," Shergill said.
He said the EFCS management model continues to attract the attention of academics (with Harvard Business School doing a case study) as well as analysts who continue to highlight the customer benefits emerging given the adoption of the tenets of this model.
"HCL is working with Cornell University to further enhance the yield of the ideas as they see this delivering to the promise they make to client of building 'relationships beyond the contract'," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Syrian air strike on jihadist camp kills 18Agence-France Presse Written by A K Shiva Kumar | Beirut | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:12 pm
A Syrian air strike on an Islamic State (IS) training camp in the jihadist-held east killed 17 militants and a child, a monitoring group said in a new toll on Sunday.
The yesterday strike hit dormitories in the camp in the Euphrates valley town of Tibni in Deir Ezzor province, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said.
The child who was killed had been visiting his elder brother who was training with IS, the Observatory said.
President Bashar al-Assad’s regime has stepped up its air campaign against the jihadists in recent weeks, carrying out near-daily air strikes against areas under their control.
The air force also hit jihadist targets in neighbouring Hasakeh province late yesterday, the Observatory said.
IS fighters have been battling both government troops and Kurdish militia in the northeastern province, which has a large Kurdish population.
US President Barack Obama announced on Wednesday that he had authorised the expansion to Syria of the US air campaign against IS he launched in early August.
There have been no US strikes so far but Obama’s announcement, which was made in defiance of the Syrian government, drew protests from Damascus and its Iranian and Russian allies.

Creature box office collections hit Rs 6.88 croreSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Six militants killed in separate incidents in Garo HillsPrint
PTI | Shillong | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:42 pm
At least six militants were killed in separate incidents in Meghalaya’s Garo Hills region, a senior police officer said today.
One militant was shot dead in an encounter early on Sunday at Rambogre Songgital in East Garo Hills district, another militant was lynched by angry villagers yesterday in Chokpot area in neighbouring district while distributing demand letters, Inspector General of Police G H P Raju told PTI.
He said four GNLA militants were shot dead by their rival group last evening by United Liberation Front of Assam (ULFA) cadres and the A’chik Matgrik Elite Force (AMEF) groups in Bolomram forests in East Garo Hills district.
The GNLA cadre shot dead today has been identified as Rikman from Sasatgre and police have recovered a pistol and some incriminating documents.
While police have launched a search operation to nab his aides, Raju said those who escaped could have also been injured due to bullet wounds.
Meanwhile, police said they have also identified perpetrators involved in brutally caning innocent villagers in a remote Pakrege village in East Garo Hills district on mere suspicion that men there were police informers.
“We have identified one of the militants. Bawang led the caning of the villagers and he hails from the village itself,” the senior police officer said.
Bawang himself escaped police operations on September 10 when his deputy Bestarfield K Marak was shot dead in the encounter that followed, he said.
Police suspected that the militants had resorted to caning innocent villagers to ensure that they have a safe place to hide from the police who are engaged in the combing operations.
Counter Insurgency Operation ‘Hill Storm’ launched in the first week of July is giving results with at least 11 – 12 camps of the GNLA were busted, the IGP said.
The GNLA was considered a militant outfit and banned by the Centre in 2012. PTI

Madrassas give education of terrorism : BJP MP Sakshi MaharajBJP MP Sakshi Maharaj also claimed that Muslim youth in madrasas are being motivated for “love jihad” with offers of cash rewards.
Written by Lalmani Verma | Lucknow | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:18 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 8:50 am
Days after Home Minister Rajnath Singh denied any knowledge of “love jihad” and assured the minority communities that there would be no discrimination on the basis of religion or caste, his party MP from Unnao, Sakshi Maharaj, alleged on Sunday that madrasas across the country are imparting “education of terror” and “love jihad”.
He claimed that Muslim youth in madrasas are being motivated for “love jihad” with offers of cash rewards — Rs 11 lakh for an “affair” with a Sikh girl, Rs 10 lakh for a Hindu girl and Rs 7 lakh for a Jain girl.
Addressing an event in Kannauj, he also alleged that these madrasas do not hoist the national flag on Independence Day or Republic Day, and the government should stop giving them financial aid. He said he would  speak to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and also raise the issue in Parliament.
When contacted over the phone, Sakshi Maharaj admitted that he had made these remarks. He said the madrasas were making the students “terrorists” and “jihadis” and their education was not in the national interest. “Neither is the national flag hoisted on August 15 and January 26, nor is the national anthem sung there. They hoist only green flags,” he alleged.
When asked about the basis of such allegations, he claimed some of his men had converted to Islam and taken admission in these madrasas. He alleged that some Muslims had also informed him about such actvities by the madrasas.
The BJP MP further alleged that Muslim MPs also avoid attending functions in Parliament where the national anthem is sung. “I will demand that they should be removed as MPs. How can they be a member of the Indian Parliament when they do not hold regard for our national anthem?” he said.
Education of terrorism is being given in madrasas. They (madrasas)... are making them terrorists and jihadis....It is not in national interest.

Maharashtra: Dethroning Congress-NCP our first priority  says BJP as ties with Shiv Sena look shaky#bjp #shiv sena #saamna #congress #maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections
Mumbai: Even as the Shiv Sena has warned the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) against demanding a larger share of seats in the Assembly elections in Maharashtra, the BJP has said that their first priority remains to dethrone the Congress-National Congress Party (NCP) alliance in the state.
"We need to go to polls and dethrone the Congress and the NCP. This alliance has been there for 25 years. The BJP and Shiv Sena top leadership are clearly contemplating the seat sharing arrangement. The conclusion and the seat sharing will announced in the next few days," BJP leader Shaina NC said.
Bringing the alliance into strain, the Shiv Sena in its mouthpiece Saamna had said that "excessive lust could lead to divorce", hinting that the they would not be averse to snapping ties with the BJP if provoked. "Allies in the coalition must dream of a victory. For this, all parties must give up the lust for more seats. To say we will stay in the coalition only if we get 'so many seats' is not right," the article read.
Sena supremo Uddhav Thackeray even went to the extent of expressing his desire to become the Chief Minister of Maharashtra. HOwever the BJP has maintained silence on the issue. "I think everyone is entitled to have aspirations, particularly political aspirations. It's premature to discuss CM candidates. I don't want to comment on any speculations,"
"I want the people to give me a chance and they will not be given a chance to complain. It is for the people to decide if they trust me. They will decide whom they want as the face (chief minister). I am not hankering after any post but will not shy away from responsibility either," Udhav had said.
Uddhav, whose relation with BJP is under strain over seat-sharing for the Assembly poll, also sought to assert the pre-eminence of Shiv Sena in Maharashtra politics vis-a-vis its ally, saying the "face" that will rule the state in the event of the saffron alliance coming to power will be from "Shiv Sena only".
Not missing a chance to take a dig at the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance, the Congress said that the strain was visible ahead of the elections. "There is a race for CM even before the elections. It is for the poeple of Maharashtra to decide who they want to be in power," Congress leader Manish Tewari said.
In the 2009 Assembly polls, Shiv Sena had contested 160 seats and won 44, while BJP bagged 46 despite putting up candidates in only 119 seats. The 2014 Lok Sabha election saw BJP win 23 seats against Shiv Sena's 18. "Every party wants to expand its base and decisions should be taken on basis of ground realities. Ours is a 25-year-old alliance, but its good if people remain within their limits," he said.
The remarks, coming ahead of the finalisation of seat sharing talks for the October 15 Maharashtra polls, are being considered a veiled criticism of BJP amid reports that the latter had sought more seats to contest this time around.

NDA allies PMK  MDMK ask Centre to withdraw circular on Hindi#nda #pmk #mdmk #hindi #bjp
Chennai: PMK and MDMK, constituents of BJP-led NDA, on Sunday protested against a Home Ministry circular to varsities that Hindi be taught along with English as a primary language, calling it another attempt to "impose" Hindi and sought its immediate withdrawal.
PMK founder S Ramadoss and MDMK chief Vaiko, both BJP's Tamil Nadu allies, said in separate statements that Union Home Ministry had issued a circular to universities saying Hindi should be taught along with English as a primary language in all educational institutions. Besides, the circular had asked that Law and Commerce be taught in Hindi medium, they said.
"There is no doubt that this is a blatant imposition of Hindi," Ramadoss said.
"Centre's decision to impose Hindi with the help of authority would have its own repercussions," he said while demanding for withdrawal of the latest order.
While such a decision had been taken at a meeting presided by former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in July 2011, persisting with it and trying to implement it was not proper, he said.
Both parties opposed the order calling it as another attempt at imposing Hindi and sought its immediate withdrawal.
Ramdsdoss said just because many universities, including those in Tamil Nadu, received UGC grants, they cannot be used as "tools of Hindi imposition" and flayed other issues like using Hindi on the social pages of central departments, Sanskrit week celebrations and the recent controversy surrounding Teachers' Day being called "Guru Utsav."
He said it was not clear if Centre consulted states on this issue and urged the Centre to "drop" its efforts to "impose Hindi".
Vaiko, while referring to the use of Hindi on the social pages of Central departments, Sanskrit week celebrations and "Guru Utsav," said these "made it clear" what was Centre's approach towards the language issue.
He alleged that besides the advisory to the universities, central departments including Railways and insurance companies have been asked to promote Hindi.
Recalling the anti-Hindi mood in Tamil Nadu, he said the agitation against its 'imposition' was 75 years old, with Dravidar Kazhagam first protesting against it in 1938.
"Centre's decision to impose Hindi with the help of authority would have its own repercussions," he said while demanding for withdrawal of the latest order.
It is a sensitive issue in Tamil Nadu, with DMK under its founder CN Annadurai successfully leading the anti-Hindi agitation in 1965.

Jammu and Kashmir people need help  says PDP President Mehbooba MuftiDeepika cleavage row: Is the media guilty of caricaturing women?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Light rain hampered rescue work in Jammu and Kashmir: NDRFDeepika cleavage row: Is the media guilty of caricaturing women?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Barclays hires Avivas McFarlane as chairLast updated: September 12, 2014 5:59 pm
Barclays appoints Aviva’s John McFarlane as chairman
By Martin Arnold, Banking Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9857db9e-3a52-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

ICICI Bank Raises $500 Million From Overseas MarketsYou are here: Home Corporates
ICICI Bank Raises $500 Million From Overseas Markets
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 12, 2014 17:59 (IST)
Monte Carlo Fashion Gets Sebi Go-Ahead for IPO
New Delhi:
ICICI Bank has raised $500 million (about Rs 3,000 crore) from overseas markets by selling its bonds to fund foreign expansion plans.
The bank, acting through its Dubai branch, floated 5.5 year fixed rate notes under Rule 144A/Reg S format, ICICI Bank said in a statement.
The 144A/Reg S status allows the bond to be sold to qualified institutional buyers in the US without the need to register the issue with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
"The notes carry a coupon of 3.50 per cent and were offered at an issue price of 99.653," it said.
Last year, ICICI Bank had raised $750 million in a 5.5-year overseas bond sale at a coupon of 4.80 per cent.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 17:59 (IST)

Ferrari faces long road back to F1 glorySeptember 12, 2014 2:31 pm
Ferrari faces long road back to glory in Formula One
By Roger Blitz in London and Rachel Sanderson in Milan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0bd63962-39c2-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Shell seeks to sell European LPG businessLast updated: September 12, 2014 11:01 pm
Shell revives plans to sell European LPG business
By Anne-Sylvaine Chassany and Anjli Raval in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/da03419e-3a90-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Attachmate and Micro Focus in bid talks© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/58d8a9fa-3ab4-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Larger Apple iPhones Shipments Delayed Amid Record OrdersYou are here: Home Corporates
Larger Apple iPhones Shipments Delayed Amid Record Orders
Reuters | Updated On: September 13, 2014 16:57 (IST)
L&T Construction Bags Rs 2,050-Crore Contracts
Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on Apple Inc's iPhone 6 Plus, after a record number of orders for the company's latest smartphones strained available supply.
The new iPhone 6 goes on sale on September 19 in the United States but the company began taking online orders on Thursday. While the larger 5.5-inch "Plus" models now display a wait time of up to a month, the 4.7-inch version remains available for delivery on September 19, Apple's website showed.
Verizon Wireless, AT&T and Sprint Corp, also showed shipment delays of up to six weeks on their respective websites. Apple said the pace of orders has so far outstripped any of its previous iPhones.
"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record number of pre-orders overnight. Pre-orders are currently available online or through the Apple Store App," spokeswoman Trudy Muller said.
Apple routinely grapples with iPhone supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a smartphone re-design. The latest iPhones come with larger screens and some analysts had anticipated that production issues may keep a lid on initial runs.
Its suppliers had scrambled to get enough screens ready because the need to redesign a key component had disrupted panel production, supply chain sources told Reuters last month.
It was unclear whether the hiccup could limit the number of phones available to consumers, the sources said at the time. Apple declined to comment on supply chain issues.
In addition, Chinese customers may also have to wait until the year-end before they can buy the iPhone 6. Apple is yet to set a release date for China, the world's biggest smartphone market.
The company unveiled its latest iPhones along with a watch and a mobile payments service on Tuesday.
AT&T's chief executive of mobile and business, Ralph de la Vega, told investors at a conference in New York that iPhone 6 orders have so far surpassed orders last year and the year before.
"It is such a great thing to wake up in the morning to know that you have hundreds of thousands of orders already before you even have a cup of coffee," said the executive.
Apple's iPhones tend to incite the kind of initial buying frenzy unknown to many other brands, partly because of the company's well-honed marketing tactics.
On secondary markets online, the rights to a pre-ordered iPhone 6 Plus are worth as much as double the unsubsidized sticker price. One eBay auction for an unlocked 128-gigabyte gold version of the 5.5-inch phone, for example, was bidding at $1,625 on Friday afternoon, compared with a face value of $949.
One post on the New York City edition of Craigslist sought $10,000 the privilege to "be one of the first & few people to own this model and before the rest of the world."
New iPhones tend to get listed at stratospheric prices on various online retail sites from the United States to China, on the assumption that there's big demand from people who must get their hands on the phone from day one. That in turns fuels a grey market of dealers who buy in bulk for resale.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

India identifies 15 weapon systems for exportJ-K floods: There was no sign of govt during the deluge
Like majority of the areas in the valley, we got no warning about the flood and while we waited for the water level to recede, no one from the government or any rescue team was found on ground, writes Gowhar Farooq.
Arnold Schwarzenegger arrives in Chennai for Tamil thriller I's audio launch
The audio launch of Vikram-starrer I will take place on Monday evening at the Jawaharlal Nehru Indoor Stadium, where the Terminator star will share the dais with Rajinikanth. AR Rahman is expected to perform all the songs from the album live.

Pakistan protestors suspend talks with govt.Updated: September 14, 2014 08:31 IST
Pakistan protestors suspend talks with govt.
PTI
Imran Khan, chairman of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), is seen during an address to supporters in Islamabad. Photo: Reuters
TOPICS
civil unrest
There is no room for negotiations any more...We will not leave till the premier resigns, says Imran Khan
Signs of a possible solution to end political crisis engulfing Pakistan looked bleak as anti-government protest leaders suspended talks with the Nawaz Sharif government following a crackdown on demonstrators with Opposition leader Imran Khan asserting that there was no room for negotiations any more.
Pakistani police arrested several dozens of anti-government protestors and a court ordered that 100 Opposition activists be sent to jail for holding illegal protests and other violations, triggering tense confrontation between demonstrators and police in the centre of the capital.
Addressing his supporters on the completion of one month of protest, the fiery Pakistan Tehreek—e—Insaf chief announced to continue protests in front of Parliament till Mr.Sharif stepped down.
“There is no room for negotiations any more...We will not leave till the premier resigns,” Mr. Khan said.
He questioned Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif if it is democratic to arrest young workers. “Officials putting young people behind bars should be ashamed of themselves...It is our democratic right to protest peacefully,” he said. “Sharif’s real face has been unveiled, he is a dictator and his rule is worse than General Pervez Musharraf’s rule,” Mr. Khan said.
“We cannot rely on the police or judiciary anymore,” the PTI chief said as police arrested several dozens of protestors from the capital accusing them for violating section 144 which prohibit a gathering of five or more people in Islamabad.
He said that his dream of “Naya Pakistan” would soon come true and promised to introduce transparent government system in the country after ousting the present government.
Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) chief and populist cleric Tahir—ul Qadri, who has been leading parallel demonstrations, also said that he has suspended talks with the PML—N government following a crackdown here on demonstrators demanding ouster of Mr. Sharif.
“We have suspended the talks as the government has begun arresting my workers in Islamabad and around the country,” Mr. Qadri said.
“The government was unwilling to hear out the legitimate grievances of people who had been camped outside the halls of power for a month now,” Mr. Qadri was quoted as saying by Dawn.
Mr. Khan also dismissed the impression that he was supported by the military, saying “I don’t need the Pakistan Army, as I already have an army of the people of Pakistan.” Mr. Khan’s PTI wants Mr. Sharif’s ouster over alleged rigging in last year’s poll which his party lost, while Mr. Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country.
Both leaders have been agitating since mid—August 14. At least three people have been killed and over 550 injured in violence during the protests.

Kashmir floods in 50 pics: Over 1.40 lakh people rescued  1.50 lakh still maroonedOver 1,84,000 people marooned in the floods in Jammu and Kashmir have been rescued so far by the armed forces and NDRF, and the focus now will largely be on the health situation, officials said Sunday.
Here are 50 images that clearly show the extent of the horrific flooding in Jammu and Kashmir:
Tourists wait to be evacuated by Indian Air Force helicopters during rescue and relief operations following flooding in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A truck is half-buried in gravel from a landslide caused by flash floods in Akhnoor, about 48 kilometers northwest of Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
A mother with her child in a chopper after being airlifted from the Nehru helipad in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
An aerial view showing buildings partially submerged in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
A wounded lady is helped by Indian Air Force members after she was evacuated from a flooded area in Srinagar. HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar.HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army personnels and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
A handout photo made available by Indian Air Force showing the stranded people signaling for help
People being rescued by the army and local people after the floods at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army and local people after the flood at Tangpura in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
People being rescued by the army in Srinagar. HT Photo/Raj K Raj
Kashmiri houses submerged by floodwaters are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A Kashmiri woman and her daughter (R) stand on the first floor of their flooded house as they wait to be rescued in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Indian army soldiers rescue a Kashmiri girl from her flooded house in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Indian army soldiers evacuate flood victims by boat to a safer place in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Migrant workers cover themselves with plastic sheets to shield from the rain, as they camp on a highway after the area they were living in was inundated by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
A temple is partially submerged in floodwaters in Jammu. AP Photo/Channi Anand
Flood-affected people rescued from various parts of Jammu and Kashmir being flown to Chandigarh by a C-17 Globemaster III. PTI Photo
Flood-affected people rescued from various parts of Jammu and Kashmir wade through the water to reach a safer location. PTI Photo
Kashmiri men gather along a flooded street in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Houses are partially submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri residents rescue a flood victim in Srinagar. (AP Photo/Altaf Qadri)
A truck evacuating Kashmiri flood victims to higher ground travels through a flooded street in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Vehicles are submerged in floodwaters during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/ Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri people hold a man as he falls from a tractor evacuating flood victims to higher grounds, as they move through a flooded street in Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
An aerial view shows the flooded Srinagar city. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
An aerial view shows buildings submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Policemen stand guard as migrant workers gather outside the airport to leave the flooded Srinagar. Reuters/Adnan Abidi
Flood-affected Kashmiris shout out for help from the roof of a house in Srinagar. PTI Photo
Kashmiris hang on to a tree to prevent being swept away by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
A Kashmiri man crosses over flood waters with the use of a rope in Srinagar. AFP Photo/ Punit Paranjpe
A stranded Kashmiri man is rescued by an Indian Air Force helicopter from a submerged house during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
A Kashmiri man struggles as he tries to cross floodwaters with the help of a rope during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
Kashmiri people are rescued with an excavator during floods in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe
An aerial view taken from an Indian Air Force's helicopter shows the remains of a bridge after it was swept away by floodwaters from the river Tawi on the outskirts of Jammu. Reuters/Mukesh Gupta
Armed forces personnel offload relief material from an aircraft to distribute to flood affected people, at the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Flood affected people prepare to leave from the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Flood affected people prepare to leave from the airport in Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
People move through a flooded area of Srinagar. Nitin Kanotra/Hindustan Times
Kashmiri houseboats and houses submerged by floodwater are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Dal Lake in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
Soldiers carry a seriously ill tourist towards a waiting Indian Air Force helicopter after he was rescued from a flooded neighborhood in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Kashmiri houseboats and houses submerged by floodwater are seen from an Indian Air Force helicopter during rescue and relief operations in Dal Lake in Srinagar. AFP Photo/Tauseef Mustafa
A tourist is airlifted from the roof of a five-story hotel, four of which are submerged in floodwaters, in Srinagar. PTI Photo
People walk on a flooded road in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Flood-affected people stranded on the roof of a five-story hotel rush to be airlifted in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasi
People and cars stand on dry patches of land, surrounded by floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
Flood-affected people row boats past partially submerged buildings in floodwaters in Srinagar. AP Photo/Dar Yasin
An aerial view shows buildings partially submerged in floodwaters in Srinagar on Tuesday. PTI Photo
A Kashmiri family is transported by boat through the floodwaters of Srinagar. AFP Photo/Punit Paranjpe

MH370 mystery: 58  hard objects  found in Indian Oceanprint
The Australia-led search team for the missing Malaysian flight MH370 has discovered 58 hard objects inconsistent with the Indian Ocean seabed, raising hopes of solving the over six months-long aviation mystery.
Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said the Joint Agency Coordination Centre (JACC) which is leading the search for the plane is currently in the midst of retrieving the objects to be analysed.
"We have only discovered 58 solid objects, but yet to learn if they are from (Malaysia Airlines) flight MH370. We have to verify whether the objects are the plane's wreckage or hard rocks before coming to a conclusion," he said in a press conference today.
Liow also said Malaysia's Petronas will be deploying its "Go Phoenix" vessel to assist in the MH370 search mission at the southern Indian Ocean floor.
He said the asset, which is commonly used in oil exploration is expected to arrive in Perth on September 21.
"Go Phoenix will help in the search mission, alongside Australia's Furgo Discovery ship to map the ocean floor," Liow was quoted as saying by the New Strait Times.
The Beijing-bound Boeing 777-200 - carrying 239 people, including five Indians, an Indo-Canadian and 154 Chinese nationals - mysteriously vanished on March 8 en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur.
Earlier this month, the Australian authority leading the search for the plane said that "hard spots" had been found on the Indian Ocean seabed, but that most would likely be geological features.
Experts are conducting a sonar survey of a remote patch of the southern Indian Ocean, an area never previously explored in such detail, in preparation for an underwater search for the plane.
The Australian Transport Safety Bureau had said the sonar search had provided information on the depth of the water and the composition of the sea floor in the search zone.
Last month Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said the ongoing mapping of the ocean floor had already uncovered "quite remarkable" geographical features, including the discovery of new volcanoes up to 2,000 metres high.
Six months after the jet disappeared in the Indian Ocean, aviation experts are still clueless over the world's greatest aviation mystery.
The search operation, described by Australian officials as the largest in history, has so far turned up no debris from the plane.

Qadri suspends talks with Pakistan governmentPakistan's fiery Muslim cleric Tahir-ul-Qadri addresses his supporters outside the parliament building in Islamabad, Pakistan. Source: AP photo
PTI | Islamabad | Posted: September 13, 2014 5:15 pm
One of the two anti-government protest leaders in Pakistan on Saturday said that he has suspended talks with the PML-N government following a crackdown here on demonstrators demanding ouster of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif.
“We have suspended the talks as the government has begun arresting my workers in Islamabad and around the country,”Pakistan Awami Tehreek (PAT) chief and populist cleric Tahir-ul Qadri said, deepening the month-long political
impasse in the country.
“The government was unwilling to hear out the legitimate grievances of people who had been camped outside the halls of power for a month now,” Qadri was quoted as saying by Dawn.
Qadri and cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan have alleged that PML-N government has launched a crackdown on their supporters and nearly 300 opposition activists were picked up from across the capital yesterday.
“It is because of these arrests that we have decided to suspend dialogue with the government because they are playing a double game,” said Ghulam Ali, an Awami Tehreek spokesman.
PTI General Secretary Jehangir Khan Tareen also told a television channel yesterday that under the prevailing circumstances, it wasn’t possible for the party to keep talking to the government.
According to Tareen, the party handed its final set of demands to the government.
Meanwhile, Khan, the chairman of Pakistan Tehreek-i- Insaf, dismissed the impression that he was supported by the military, saying “I don’t need the Pakistan Army, as I already have an army of the people of Pakistan”.
Khan’s PTI wants Sharif’s ouster over alleged rigging in last year’s poll which his party lost, while Qadri wants to bring a revolution in the country.
Both leaders have been agitating since mid-August 14. At least three people have been killed and over 550 injured in violence during the protests.
The government this week said it has as reached an agreement with Khan’s party on most of their demands, except that of Sharif’s ouster which it said is non-negotiable.
The protests have raised concern about stability in the country of 180 million people, at a time when the government is battling a Taliban insurgency.
Meanwhile, hundreds of supporters of Khan and Qadri today stopped several prison vehicles carrying their arrested workers to jail after a hearing in an Islamabad court.
Police had yesterday arrested several dozens of their supporters from the capital accusing them for violating section 144 which prohibits a gathering of five or more people in Islamabad.
About 100 of them were brought to a court in the capital and the judge sent all of them on 14-day judicial remand to Adiala Jail in neighbouring Rawalpindi.
But activists of Khan and Qadri already present in the court stopped the police vehicles carrying the prisoners. The protesters deflated tyres of one van carrying more than 20 prisoners while several other vans steered out of the
mob as police pushed them continued…

The benefits of a multipolar worldUpdated: September 13, 2014 10:33 IST
The benefits of a multipolar world
Zorawar Daulet Singh
AP NEW VISTAS: Narendra Modi’s Japan visit has buttressed India’s position in an important triangle in Asia. Picture shows the Prime Minister with his Japanese counterpart Shinzo Abe in Toji Temple in Kyoto.
TOPICS
summit
Being wooed by both Tokyo and Beijing has opened new vistas for both India’s domestic transformation and its role in Asia and the world
It is a timeless maxim in international triangular politics that when one state has better bilateral ties than what the other two states have with each other, it is in a geopolitically advantageous position. Narendra Modi’s Japan visit has buttressed India’s position in an important triangle in Asia.
For decades, India has been at the wrong end of triangular politics. Whether it was the U.S.-Pakistan-India triangle, the India-China-Pakistan triangle, or the U.S.-China-India triangle, New Delhi was always in the unenviable position of managing simultaneously unfriendly dyads. To now being wooed by both Tokyo and Beijing, even as Japan-China relations remain sour, has opened new vistas for both India’s domestic transformation, and, its role in Asia and the world.
While it would be tempting to interpret Mr. Modi’s rendezvous with Shinzo¯ Abe in mostly geopolitical terms, it is actually more about development. As Mr. Modi said in one of his speeches in Japan, “As a Gujarati, commerce is in my blood.” He brought that spirit to Japan with Mr. Abe reciprocating with an earmarked $35 billion in direct finance or investment over the next five years, a process that would be overseen by a dedicated team in the Prime Minister’s Office to overcome any red tape.
Look East policy
Japan has finally begun a small step in diversifying its production base, which has high trade and investment exposure to China. Based on Japan External Trade Organization data, Japan’s cumulative foreign direct investment (FDI) in China was nearly U.S. $100 billion by end of 2013, accounting for over 30 per cent of Japan’s outward FDI stock in Asia. More than 20,000 Japanese-owned or affiliated ventures operate in China. (Japan’s FDI stock in India was $15 billion by end 2012.) To emulate China’s strategy, India has to address three pillars of its manufacturing ecosystem. One, the quality of its labour-intensive workforce since this is a variable driving Japanese capital away from the maturing production centres near coastal China. Second, the quality of its infrastructure sectors — power, transportation, ports and access to natural resources. Third, a policy framework that encourages export-orientation. Nevertheless, in Japan, India has found the most enthused G-7 economy with a potential to transform India’s industrial and technological base.
“If it plays its cards wisely, India can reap the benefits of a multipolar world”
While on the economy the challenge is ultimately one of local implementation, on foreign policy it is one of navigating Asia’s geopolitics.
Three factors should inform Mr. Modi’s Look East policy.
First, do not become a spoke in the hub: that is do not get roped into a collective security bloc with shared political and military commitments. In fact, the Tokyo Declaration emphasises more bilateral than multilateral security cooperation, which is consistent with India’s traditional preference for open and inclusive security architecture rather than a closed hierarchical system dominated by one or more states.
Second, recognise that the Pacific is an immensely complex theatre where old histories continue to cast their shadow over contemporary power politics. Conflicting identities — China-Japan, South Korea-Japan, North Korea-Japan, Russia-Japan, China-Vietnam, China and the South China Sea littorals — continue to animate East Asia’s international relations.
Both China and Japan have a complicated equation with their neighbours. For China’s neighbours, it is the prospect of reviving a “Middle Kingdom” suffocating nation states on its periphery that fuels insecurity. For Japan, it is an undiminished colonial history affecting the national identities of the Korean peninsula, China, and much of the Western Pacific. Japan’s quest to acquire the sinews of a normal state has only heightened the shadows of its past role in Asia.
In sum, both China and Japan are struggling to define a role that can carry the rest of Asia along with them. Ironically, and in a strange way, India legitimises both China’s and Japan’s role in Asia. For Japan, India is the only state without the stain of colonial oppression, and one that is eager for a larger Japanese role in Asia’s future.
A relatively stable neighbour
For China, India is a relatively stable neighbour in contrast to rising antagonisms with a U.S.-led Pacific bloc. India’s independent role and a relatively clean slate in Asia, despite an unresolved dispute with China, provide India with leverage and space if used sensibly.
Third, Russia and China have forged a mutually beneficial global partnership primarily to counteract the lingering unilateralist impulses of Washington. Whether it was the Iran nuclear issue, the Syrian civil war, or the tussle between Russia and the West over Ukraine’s alignment, Moscow and Beijing have been on virtually the same page. As one participant at the recent Stockholm China Forum reportedly remarked, “When China is confronted by U.S., we think Russia is with U.S. – and vice versa. It boosts us psychologically.” While the Kremlin is by no means misty-eyed about its partnership with Beijing, Washington’s policy of containment has left Russian President Vladimir Putin with few options but to seek strategic and economic depth with Russia’s largest neighbour.
This also has implications for Asia Pacific’s geopolitics. For example, the Russian media recently revealed that its military had “detected and stopped” a Japanese submarine “near the Russian-Japanese maritime boundary.” In May, during Mr. Putin’s China visit, in a gesture to Beijing, Russia conducted sophisticated naval exercises with China in the East China Sea as a deliberate signal to Washington that it could complicate America’s forward presence in the Western Pacific.
Suffice it to say, New Delhi must recognise these dynamics and avoid postures and policies that could involve India in larger power struggles in which it has no direct interests. If it plays its cards wisely, India can reap the benefits of a multipolar world.
(Zorawar Daulet Singh is a foreign affairs analyst and a research scholar at King’s College, London.)

Fed policy  WPI inflation data to guide markets this weekPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 10:40 AM IST
Fed policy, WPI inflation data to guide markets this week
Indian stock markets will take cues from the US Federal Reserve's monetary policy review and WPI inflation data release due this week, say experts.  Stocks on Monday will react to tepid IIP growth and lower retail inflation figures released after markets closed Friday. Inflation data based on wholesale price index (WPI) for August is expected to be released on Monday at around noon.  Trend in investment by overseas investors, movement of rupee against the dollar and crude oil price would continu
Indian stock markets will take cues from the US Federal Reserve's monetary policy review and WPI inflation data release due this week, say experts.
Stocks on Monday will react to tepid IIP growth and lower retail inflation figures released after markets closed Friday. Inflation data based on wholesale price index (WPI) for August is expected to be released on Monday at around noon.
Trend in investment by overseas investors, movement of rupee against the dollar and crude oil price would continue to dictate trading in the stock market for the week.
Global markets will track US Federal Reserve's two-day meeting ending on Wednesday. Investors are keen on knowing the US interest rate trajectory as there are concerns that an early hike may lead to capital outflows from emerging markets.
Over the past week, the BSE Sensex gained 34.34 points to close at 27,061.04 and Nifty rose about 19 points to end at 8,105.50.
"This week is going to be an eventful one as market participants will be seen reacting to macro-economic data of IIP and CPI inflation in early trade on Monday, followed by WPI inflation data. Besides, they will be taking note of advance tax payment by listed corporates, which is also due to be released on September 15 and will provide clues about Q2 September corporate earnings.
"Additionally, they would also be eyeing the crucial US Federal Reserve's monetary policy review," said Jayant Manglik, President retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
Analysts said while global factors will be key, the local focus will also be on economic data as the RBI is set to review its monetary policy stance on September 30.
Continuing to bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have pumped in a whopping Rs 17,000 crore in the Indian capital market since the beginning of this month.
"It's raining money for Indian equities and the Indian markets have been the best performers among all emerging economies riding on FII inflows," said Aman Chowdhury, CEO and Co-Founder, Cians Analytics.
While the market mood is positive, a flare-up of tension in the Middle East could hit sentiments.
"Overall markets look positive and trade positions, market activity, derivatives positions, sentiments - all indicate towards a healthy market movement in this week. Sudden tension in US-Syria, Iraq crisis led to downgrade in global risk appetite.
"We may see steep movements in INR/dollar rates, gold prices and equities if the tensions continue to remain aggravated," said Rakesh Goyal, Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
 Advertisements

Car quirk quandary for the new MyanmarSeptember 14, 2014 8:55 am
Car quirk poses quandary for Myanmar
By Michael Peel in Yangon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5a8cd7d2-37c9-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

CAG exceeded its brief  used hindsight to question decision: RILPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 01:40 PM IST
CAG exceeded its brief, used hindsight to question decision: RIL
The oil major was referring to the audit of spending on eastern offshore KG-D6 block
Reliance Industries has accused CAG of exceeding its audit brief in audit of spending on eastern offshore KG-D6 block saying hindsight is being used to question operational decisions taken eight years back.
RIL in a presentation at an Exit Conference called by CAG at the end of its second audit KG-D6 for 2008-09 to 2011-12 stated that use of hindsight to question project efficiencies and procurements "could be easily perceived as a performance audit which obviously was not the stated intent of Audit."
"Inspite of the assurance that this is not a performance audit, the benefit of hindsight seems to have been used to question the efficiency, effectiveness and economy of not only contracts but also assess the prudence of operational decisions taken as many as eight years ago," it said.
In a separate letter to the DGH in response to draft audit observations, RIL said, "the audit team has exceeded the proper scope of an audit under Section 1.9 of the Accounting Procedure to the PSC by commenting on the commercial, operational and technical performance of the Contractor and by providing its own legal interpretation of provisions contained in the PSC."
An audit under Production Sharing Contract (PSC) must be limited to the verification of charges and credits recorded in the accounts against actual amounts incurred, paid and received.
"In particular, we are concerned to see comments that appear to be arriving at a conclusive opinion as to the proper legal interpretation of PSC provisions concerning matters that are in dispute and already the subject of arbitration proceedings between the Government and the Contractor," RIL said.
RIL said the CAG appears to conclude that the Contractor was required under the PSC to achieve the levels of gas production estimated in the approved field development plan and that the government is entitled disallow cost recovery for under-utilisation of facilities.
"However, the interpretation of such provisions is already the subject of an arbitration proceeding... We respectfully submit that matters such as this should be left to be resolved by the arbitral tribunal and doing otherwise would be to undermine the arbitral tribunal and the dispute resolution provisions contained in the PSC," it said.
RIL said at several places in the draft Audit Report the CAG's audit team has merely paraphrased its responses and then dismissed them with a vague "we disagree" without specifying the reasons for not accepting our responses.
To CAG, it said, the PSC procurement procedures were intended to differ from government/PSU procurement procedures and to promote investment efficiency, faster decision making in the interest of the project.
 Advertisements

N. Korea Sentences American to Six Years Hard Laborn. korea sentences american to six years hard labor
U.S. Citizen Sentenced to Hard Labor in North Koreau.s. citizen sentenced to hard labor in north korea
J&K floods: IRDA asks life insurers to settle claims fastJ&K floods: IRDA asks life insurers to settle claims fast
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 14:  
In view of massive floods resulting in loss of lives and belongings in Jammu & Kashmir, the Insurance Regulatory Authority of India (IRDA) has asked life insurers to take immediate steps for the expeditious settlement of claims.
Meanwhile, general insurers including SBI, ICICI and Tata AIG are gearing up to settle fast the deluge of claims from the flood-hit valley.
“In order to extend every possible facilitation in quick and timely settlement of life insurance claims to the affected people of the State of Jammu & Kashmir...initiate immediate action to ensure that all initial claims are registered and eligible claims are settled expeditiously,” said an IRDA communique to CEOs of all life insurers.
“Convey the contact particulars of the nodal officer so nominated to the Chief Secretary and officer concerned of the Government of Jammu & Kashmir who would be overseeing the efforts being made to mitigate the suffering and loss of the victims of the floods,” it said.
The nominated nodal officers may be also advised to contact the chief secretary or officer concerned of the state of Jammu & Kashmir to discuss facilitation measures, it added.
While the general insurance industry is set to take a big hit on their bottom lines considering the massive devastation, none of them is ready to quantify the losses saying it is too early to do and that so far they have not received any claims.
“It’s difficult to say at the moment what kind of claims and how much will come to us. All I can now say is that all the claims will be coming from the calamity and catastrophe categories,” ICICI Lombard chief of underwriting and claims Sanjay Datta told PTI.
“Individual insurance coverage has been provided by us to the people living in the affected regions, basically in sectors such as motor and property. While we are expecting damage repair claims under the motor segment, we also see claims coming in from the property side, which have been either destroyed or washed away in the floods,” he said.
The company, which offers motor, home, health and other insurance products to its customers in the State, has taken a host of initiatives to expedite claim settlement process for the affected people in the region.
SBI General Insurance has put a flag on its official site detailing the claim process.
SBI General Insurance MD and CEO Bhaskar J Sarma said: “We have put a flag on our site detailing the claim process. We are also letting them know what is the process to lodge the claims and we have put a flag on our site to serve the purpose.”
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Reliance Growth Fund NAV crosses Rs 700-levelPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 02:24 PM IST
Reliance Growth Fund NAV crosses Rs 700-level
Soon to embark on its 20th year of existence, Reliance Group Fund has seen its Net Asset Value (NAV) cross Rs 700-level -- becoming the first mutual fund scheme in the country to reach this milestone.
Soon to embark on its 20th year of existence, Reliance Group Fund has seen its Net Asset Value (NAV) cross Rs 700-level -- becoming the first mutual fund scheme in the country to reach this milestone.
This also makes the per-unit-price of this midcap sector- focussed MF scheme, managed by leading fund house Reliance Capital Asset Management Company, higher than that of nearly half of the 30 biggest blue-chip stocks of the country that form part of the benchmark index Sensex.
"Our research team has been able to constantly remain ahead of the curve in identifying the right stocks and investment opportunities. This has given us a strong edge to offer superior returns to our investors.
"Many of our funds are among the best performers in their category. We will continue to keep our focus on intelligent and balanced stock picking," RCAM Head of Equities Sunil Singhania said.
The fund was launched 19 years ago in October 1995 and its value has appreciated by nearly 71 times since inception. The fund has delivered a CAGR (Compounded Annual Growth Rate) of 25% and has a corpus of over Rs 4,846 crore from lakhs of investors.
The closest competitor to this fund, in terms of vintage, is Franklin India Prime Fund that was launched in December 1993 and SBI Magnum (launched in September 1994).
Franklin India Prime Fund has a corpus of about Rs 2000 crore and has generated a CAGR of 21% thereby multiplying the investors wealth by 55%. The fund has an NAV of Rs 563.
SBI Magnum Global Fund 94 has an NAV of Rs 114 and has given a CAGR of 13% on an AUM of Rs 1249 crore.
Reliance Growth Fund, a midcap fund, is primarily invested in financial, information technology, industrials and healthcare companies. The most invested stocks in the fund today are ICICI Bank, HCL Technologies and Aditya Birla Nuvo.
Some of the early identifiers for the fund that have given exponential returns include Lupin, Jindal Power and Steel, United Phosphorous.
RCAM's another equity offering in large cap category -- Reliance Vision Growth Fund -- has crossed Rs 400 for the first time.
HDFC Equity Fund, with an NAV of Rs 460, leads the pack in this category. The two other funds that follow Reliance are Franklin India Prime Plus at an NV of 381 and HDFC Top 200 at NAV of Rs 335.
Reliance Vision Fund has a corpus of Rs 2,953 crore. Leader HDFC Equity Fund has a corpus of Rs 14,994 crore, Franklin India Prima Plus - Growth Fund has a corpus of Rs 2,661 crore, while HDFC Top 200 Fund has a corpus of 12,430 crore.
 Advertisements

BJP workers dont want seat-sharing talks with Sena:BhandariPrint
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 14, 2014 5:08 pm
Angry over Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray’s comments to allegedly “demean” Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Maharashtra BJP unit on Sunday said its workers do not want any further seat-sharing talks between the two alliance partners for the next month’s Assembly polls.
“The comments made by him (Uddhav Thackeray) were to demean Narendra Modi. Maharashtra BJP has strongly criticised and condemned the comments made by him. Our workers are insisting and pressurising the leadership to stop the talks between the two parties and find our own way now,” BJP state unit spokesperson Madhav Bhandari told reporters here.
Uddhav had in a TV interview yesterday said the Modi wave had failed to show up in several states and that the BJP’s victory in the recent Lok Sabha polls should be attributed not only to Modi, but its alliance partners as well.
In the Lok Sabha polls, Uddhav said, people voted for a ‘face’ (Modi) for a change and Shiv Sena’s contribution in the victory in Maharashtra cannot be ignored.
“Did the Modi wave show in Tamil Nadu, Punjab, Orissa and West Bengal? It depends on alliance partners as well. Modi is Prime Minister of our alliance,” he had said.
Bhandari alleged that this was not the first time the Sena chief had made “derogatory” comments about Prime Minister Modi and remarked that it is the grassroot workers who make the leadership take final decisions.
“The workers want all talks to end…And leadership finally listens to its grassroot workers because it is they who do all the ground work.. All our leaders have evolved from workers,” he said.
Bhandari expressed confidence that the next government in the state will be formed under the BJP’s leadership.
“The next government in Maharashtra post elections will be formed under the leadership of the BJP. Our national president (Amit Shah) had made this very clear while on his trip to Mumbai. And his decision is final,” he said.

BJP acknowledges Ramdevs countrywide campaign during LSpollsBJP President Amit Shah lighting lamps at a programme at Patanjali Yogpeeth in Haridwar on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Haridwar | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:53 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 5:20 pm
BJP on Sunday acknowledged the role played by Ramdev’s countrywide campaign launched ahead of the Lok Sabha polls in the formation of Narendra Modi government at the Centre.
It also promised him all support in his efforts to popularise yoga and ayurveda internationally and revive the dying Indian languages and literature.
Speaking after inaugurating the newly built Seva Sadan building at Patanjali Yogpeeth here, BJP President Amit Shah showered praise on Ramdev for his sustained campaign to earn international acceptance for the ancient Indian practice of yoga.
He also praised Ramdev’s close aide Acharya Balkrishna for creating a renewed interest all over the world in Ayurveda, describing it as a discipline which had the ability to cure all ills.
“Bharat Swambhiman Trust’s commitment to revive ayurveda and yoga highlights its vision of a disease-free world and the BJP government at the Centre will give all its support to this noble endeavour,” Shah said.
He also said that the entire country was witness to the yoga guru’s fight against corruption which also led to those in power at that time to register cases against him.
Noting that there was nothing new in this fight between good and evil in this country, he said whenever evil reaches its acme, God incarnates himself to put an end to it.
“He (Ramdev) rose to fight against corruption and threats to democratic values in the country,” he said.
Thanking the yoga guru for his sustained campaign which “contributed significantly to the formation of the Narendra Modi government at the Centre”, he said all his future endeavours to save the Indian languages and literature and revive yoga and ayurveda, which had the capacity to create a disease free universe, will get all support from government.
Listing some achievements of the Modi government during 100 days in power, the BJP chief said the emphasis on cleanliness, the resolve to save the girl child and the Ganga and setting up of an SIT to repatriate Indian black money stashed away abroad are some of the most commendable steps.
“One of the first proposals cleared by the Modi Cabinet was constituting an SIT to bring back Indian black money stashed away abroad. Do you remember what was the first proposal passed by the cabinet during UPA-1 which came to power after Vajpayee-led NDA? Let me help you. It was abolition of the POTA, an effective anti-terrorism law.
“This shows the difference in the characters of the two governments,” said Shah, who was on his first visit to Uttarakhand after assuming office as the BJP chief.
Apart from Ramdev and Balkrishna, a host of prominent sadhus and senior leaders from the state shared the dais with the BJP chief.
Pradesh BJP chief Tirath Singh Rawat, former chief minister and Haridwar MP Ramesh Pokhariyal Nishank and Leader of the Opposition in the state assembly Ajay Bhatt were among them.
He (Ramdev) rose to fight against corruption and threats to democratic values in the country.

Jaya charges BJP with double standards on fishermenissuePress Trust of India | Tuticorin | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:52 pm
Charging BJP with adopting ‘double-standards’ on the fishermen issue, AIADMK supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on Sunday said voting for the national party will not benefit the people of her state.
Campaigning for her party’s Tuticorin Mayor candidate for the September 18 bypolls here, Jayalalithaa said besides her party, a ‘national party’ (BJP) and some independents alone were in the fray.
She said voting for the national party in the civic polls will be of no use since they have different leadership at the Central and state levels. So are the stands on issues, she said, campaigning for AIADMK candidate APR Anthony Gracy.
Tuticorin has a large fishermen population, Jayalalithaa said while raising the issue of repeated arrests and attacks on fishermen from the state by Sri Lankan navy pointing out that she has been pressing Prime Minister Narendra Modi for ensuring a lasting solution on the matter.
Arrested fishermen were being released after she takes up the matter with Modi through letters even as she had raised the issue in person with him, the Chief Minister said.
“What is the stand of the state unit of the BJP? The BJP (members) in Tamil Nadu are saying that there should be a permanent solution to the matter. But another leader of the same party is going against the Tamil Nadu fishermen,” she said in an apparent reference to Subramanian Swamy.
Swamy had recently earned the ire of fishermen and political parties in the state following his reported remarks that he had advised Sri Lanka against the release of boats of Indian fishermen even if they were set free.
Jayalalithaa had also taken exception to this with Modi, hoping it was not the stand of Centre or BJP.
Referring to the remarks made by Swamy on the issue of release of boats, she said his party’s state unit had not even ‘condemned’ it while “Centre was keeping mum.”
“Voting for such a party with double standards will not be of any use for the people of Tamil Nadu. Therefore, by voting for BJP you will not get any benefit,” Jayalalithaa said.
AIADMK was the only party committed to welfare of the poor, voicing its concerns on matters like fishermen issue, inter-state water disputes and inflation, she said, recalling her government had approached Supreme Court on many issues.
Her government was implementing various price-mitigation schemes against the backdrop of Centre’s ‘wrong economic policies,’ including low-cost ‘Amma Canteens’, among others.
Load shedding had been done away with since June 1 and out of the 105 days since then, 96 days were free of any power cuts, she said.

Six militants killed in separate incidents in GaroHillsPrint
PTI | Shillong | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:42 pm
At least six militants were killed in separate incidents in Meghalaya’s Garo Hills region, a senior police officer said today.
One militant was shot dead in an encounter early on Sunday at Rambogre Songgital in East Garo Hills district, another militant was lynched by angry villagers yesterday in Chokpot area in neighbouring district while distributing demand letters, Inspector General of Police G H P Raju told PTI.
He said four GNLA militants were shot dead by their rival group last evening by United Liberation Front of Assam (ULFA) cadres and the A’chik Matgrik Elite Force (AMEF) groups in Bolomram forests in East Garo Hills district.
The GNLA cadre shot dead today has been identified as Rikman from Sasatgre and police have recovered a pistol and some incriminating documents.
While police have launched a search operation to nab his aides, Raju said those who escaped could have also been injured due to bullet wounds.
Meanwhile, police said they have also identified perpetrators involved in brutally caning innocent villagers in a remote Pakrege village in East Garo Hills district on mere suspicion that men there were police informers.
“We have identified one of the militants. Bawang led the caning of the villagers and he hails from the village itself,” the senior police officer said.
Bawang himself escaped police operations on September 10 when his deputy Bestarfield K Marak was shot dead in the encounter that followed, he said.
Police suspected that the militants had resorted to caning innocent villagers to ensure that they have a safe place to hide from the police who are engaged in the combing operations.
Counter Insurgency Operation ‘Hill Storm’ launched in the first week of July is giving results with at least 11 – 12 camps of the GNLA were busted, the IGP said.
The GNLA was considered a militant outfit and banned by the Centre in 2012. PTI

Ajit Singh says he will vacate government accommodation by September 25#ajit singh #upa #rld #tracking the modi government #jitendra singh #mohd azharuddin
New Delhi: A day after the Union Government cracked the whip by disconnecting power and water supplies to the official accommodation of former union minister Ajit Singh, the Rashtriya Lok Dal leader on Sunday said that he will vacate the accommodation by 25th of this month.
"I have lived here for 36 years. My father (late Chaudhary Charan Singh) moved here in 1978 and thereafter there are so many things I have to sort out before moving. 11th August, I got the notice and I move out on 24-25 September. I do not think its unreasonable," he said.
Singh also said that he has found a house and signed a lease as well. "I found the house and we have signed the lease also. So, when they came on 9th, I informed them that I have signed the lease...... But now its 'Pitru Paksh'. So as soon as its over in about two weeks or so, I will go," the former civil
Ajit Singh also said that he has found a house and signed a lease as well.
aviation minister said.
The government had on Saturday disconnected power and water supplies to the official accommodations here of former union ministers and ex-MPs including Ajit Singh, Jitendra Singh and Mohd Azharuddin who refused to vacate the premises.
Last week, an eviction team, along with police, had faced stiff resistance at Ajit Singh's Tughlaq Road residence when they had gone to take possession of the house.

Tamil Nadu: CM Jayalalithaa charges BJP with double standards on fishermen issue#tamil nadu #jayalalithaa #bjp #aiadmk #fishermen #subramanian swamy
Tuticorin: Charging BJP with adopting 'double-standards' on the fishermen issue, AIADMK supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on Sunday said that voting for the national party will not benefit the people of her state.
Campaigning for her party's Tuticorin Mayor candidate for the September 18 bypolls, Jayalalithaa said besides her party, a 'national party' (BJP) and some independents alone were in the fray.
She said that voting for the national party in the civic polls will be of no use since they have different leadership at the Central and state levels. So are the stands on issues, she said, campaigning for AIADMK candidate APR Anthony Gracy.
The AIADMK supremo said that voting for the national party in the civic polls will be of no use since they have different leadership at the Central and state levels.
Tuticorin has a large fishermen population, Jayalalithaa said while raising the issue of repeated arrests and attacks  on fishermen from the state by Sri Lankan navy pointing out that she has been pressing Prime Minister Narendra Modi for ensuring a lasting solution on the matter.
Arrested fishermen were being released after she takes up the matter with Modi through letters even as she had raised the issue in person with him, the Chief Minister said.
"What is the stand of the state unit of the BJP? The BJP (members) in Tamil Nadu are saying that there should be a permanent solution to the matter. But another leader of the same party is going against the Tamil Nadu fishermen," she said in an apparent reference to Subramanian Swamy.
Swamy had recently earned the ire of fishermen and political parties in the state following his reported remarks that he had advised Sri Lanka against the release of boats of Indian fishermen even if they were set free. Jayalalithaa had also taken exception to this with Modi, hoping it was not the stand of Centre or BJP.
Referring to the remarks made by Swamy on the issue of release of boats, she said his party's state unit had not even 'condemned' it while "Centre was keeping mum." "Voting for such a party with double standards will not be of any use for the people of Tamil Nadu. Therefore, by voting for BJP you will not get any benefit," Jayalalithaa said.
AIADMK was the only party committed to welfare of the poor, voicing its concerns on matters like fishermen issue, inter-state water disputes and inflation, she said, recalling her government had approached Supreme Court on many issues. Her government was implementing various price-mitigation schemes against the backdrop of Centre's 'wrong economic policies,' including low-cost 'Amma Canteens', among others.
Load shedding had been done away with since June 1 and out of the 105 days since then, 96 days were free of any power cuts, she said.

Rs 25 000 crore Navy tender only for private sector: Defence Ministry#defence ministry #mod #lt #pipavav #abg #landing platform dock #tracking the modi government #upa #indian navy
New Delhi: Seeking to build capabilities of Indian private sector warship builders, the Defence Ministry has rejected the plea of a state-owned shipyard to participate in the Rs 25,000 crore project to construct four amphibious warfare vessels for the Indian Navy.
The Defence Ministry has decided that only private sector shipyards, including Pipavav, ABG and L and T, along with their foreign partners, would be allowed to take part in the Rs 25,000 crore project for building the four Landing Platform Docks, Navy sources said.
The Navy had issued tenders to these three private shipyards last year and decided to keep out Cochin Shipyard Limited (CSL), saying it was building the 40,000-tonne Indigenous Aircraft Carrier and it should focus on that major project only for the moment.
The Defence Ministry has decided that only private sector shipyards, including Pipavav, ABG and L and T, along with their foreign partners, would be allowed to take part in the Rs 25,000 crore project.
However, CSL approached former Defence Minister AK Antony through the Ministry of Shipping and the deal was put on hold to consider whether the tender should be retracted or CSL could also be issued the tender and a committee under an
Additional Secretary was formed to look into the matter.
The committee report was presented before the last Defence Acquisition Council (DAC) of the UPA government in February but it was decided that it would be kept on hold. The new government decided to continue the tender in its original form and CSL will now not take part in it, the sources said, adding that the government wants to strengthen the capabilities of the private sector defence industry.
In a similar case, the Defence Ministry had rejected the plea of public sector firms to take part in a Rs 15,000 crore tender to build 56 transport aircraft for the air force and allowed only private players to take part in it. Soon after taking over, Prime Minister Narendra Modi outlined his vision for the defence sector, saying that Indian industry, including both private and public sector, should build their capabilities for achieving self-reliance and also look towards exporting military hardware to friendly foreign countries.
The Defence Ministry has taken several steps in this direction such as scrapping of the 197 light helicopter tender under which the choppers would now be built by Indian companies only.

J&K floods: Government working to restore phone connectivity in the stateDoT pushing to finish broadband project roll out by March 2016 3 hours 23 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

30 Minutes: Deluge in ParadiseDeepika cleavage row: Is the media guilty of caricaturing women?
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Shah Rukh Khan buys 2  Mughal-e-Azam  posters for Rs 6.84 lakhSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

NDMC gets tough on overstaying ex-MPs  disconnects power  water to bungalowsPrint
Former union minister Ajit Singh reacts angrily when his water and electricity was disconnected at his 12 Tughlak Road Residence. (Source: Renuka Puri)
Written by Naveed Iqbal | New Delhi | Posted: September 13, 2014 4:09 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 4:04 am
With several former MPs and former ministers continuing to occupy government bungalows and flats in Lutyens’s Delhi despite reminders to vacate them, the New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) has started taking drastic measures like disconnecting power and water connections to the houses. These include the houses occupied by former ministers Ajit Singh and A K Antony.
On Saturday, NDMC officials cut off power connection to the bungalow occupied by Ajit Singh. Shortly after the action at his 12, Tughlaq Road residence, the RLD chief told reporters he was not given more time which he had sought to vacate the property.
“I am not entitled to this house anymore since I am not an MP. They came on September 9 and asked me to vacate. I told them I am packing and that I will move by September 25. You should ask them why they have cut electricity,” Singh told reporters.
So far, the NDMC has taken action against at least 20 former MPs.
Sources in the NDMC said the decision was taken since ministers of the Narendra Modi government were still working out of their respective state guesthouses in the absence of official accommodation. The NDMC plans to disconnect power and water supplies to more houses in the next 24 hours, officials said.
According to the NDMC, a total of 30 bungalows need to be vacated at the earliest to accommodate new MPs and other government officials.
The list of houses to be vacated includes those occupied by Ajit Singh, former defence minister Antony and Mohd Azharuddin.
Last week, supporters of Ajit Singh had stood their ground against a team from the NDMC and Delhi Police at the Tughlaq Road residence when the latter came to take possession of the house.
Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu on Friday reviewed the allotment of bungalows to cabinet ministers still staying the state guesthouses. NDMC Chairman Jalaj Srivastava said the council is going to comply with the UD Ministry orders and vacate at least 30 government residences currently occupied by former MPs. “Power supply to more bunglows is likely to be cut,” he said. He also said that the MPs did not vacate the bungalows despite being served due notice as elections approached in May.
“An action-taken report in this regard was submitted to the Lok Sabha Housing Committee yesterday,” a senior official said.
 

World Bank keen to fund city s two new mega Metro projects: MMRDASatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Audit should not be dampener for pvt cos: Manmohan |  CAG exceeded briefA Raja
(Former Prime Minister Manmohan…)
NEW DELHI: As CAG found Reliance Industries was being favoured in gas exploration deal to the government's detriment, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh told the then top auditor Vinod Rai that audit should not hurt the private sector and RIL was one of the biggest and most respected.
"Our refrain was that every time matters were settled between the government and the operator (RIL), it was to the government's detriment," Rai has said, while talking about the government-ordered audit by Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of KG-basin blocks awarded to an RIL consortium.
Elaborating on the matter, which had snowballed into a major controversy with CAG accusing RIL of not being given access to books of accounts required for this audit, Rai said during one of his meetings Singh "felt that audit should not act as a dampener on the enthusiasm of the private sector to partner with the government".
"The Prime Minister was very emphatic that Reliance was one of our largest, most respected and best-known companies possessing a global reach. Reliance, therefore, had the professional and financial capability to undertake such large projects and compete in global bids," Rai said.
The former CAG, whose comments in his new book about Singh's role during 2G spectrum and coal block allocations have already created a flutter, said that he agreed with the then Prime Minister and told him that that auditor generals in all democracies audit such public-private partnerships and do not comment on any "private party making only normal profits".
"However, it was the government that had taken the step to invite CAG to conduct audit, ostensibly with the objective of assuring the public and the Parliament that its interest were being adequately protected," Rai has written in the book titled 'The Diary of the Nation's Conscience Keeper -- Not Just an Accountant'.
Talking further about this particular audit in a chapter titled 'A slippery deal: Gas exploration', Rai said the management committee for these blocks had no voice in the operational control of the exploration and production operations" and therefore the government could not influence capital or any expenditure patterns.
There had been allegations of 'gold-plating' worth billions of dollars by RIL in this project, while it has also been alleged that the contract was biased towards the company.
"Not only was the PSC (Production Sharing Contract) stipulation not well suited to the government interests, but the intensity of over-sighting exercised by the government officials to protect officials to protect government revenue also appeared to be very lax.
"Every time the operator made claims, it was acceded to by the management committee, DGH (Directorate General of Hydrocarbons) or MoPNG (Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas). Each time it was acceded to, the action was detrimental to government interest," Rai said.
He also rejected apprehensions that CAG did not have technical knowledge in such technical areas and its auditors had worked in the supreme audit authorities of Oman and its oil exploration agency.
"These auditors were auditing exactly what would be defined as NELP-type models in India. If these auditors could acquire knowledge to audit issues of the International Atomic Energy Agency and highly specialised scientific and defence installations, gas exploration would not be rocket science to them. Indeed, they had already mastered rocket science," he said.
About CAG audit that generated a major controversy with regard to second-generation spectrum allocation, Rai said that a "template response" was given by the Prime Minister to the then telecom minister A Raja , showing a "distanced dealing of the issue".
"Unbelievably, the Prime Minister chose to ignore the red flags of deviation from policy, and questionable facts and figures offered by the minister (Raja)," Rai said.
"It is obvious from the exchange of these letters that the Prime Minister was indeed aware of Raja's attention as far back as November/December 2007. He chose, for reasons which can only be speculated, to ignore the warning signals. He failed to direct his minister to follow his advice...".
"Mr Prime Minister, people wonder, if you were indeed convinced that spectrum allocation should be transparent, what prevented you from executing your wishes? Had you, in fact, stood steadfastly by your beliefs, the fate of UPA II might have been different. In fact, the fate of Indian economy itself might have been very different," Rai has written.
Raising questions about the way "a leader is foisted upon us", Rai also said that it was not because of his proven leadership qualities or dynamism, "but by virtue of his loyalty to an organisation or its high command."
The ex-CAG has raised similar concerns about selection of top bureaucrats, saying it was mostly decided on the basis of number of years served in the establishment.
About Commonwealth Games scam , Rai said the preparations for such a high-profile sporting event was being done like a "Punjabi baraat" and not on the basis of professionalism, while the government, from its highest echelons, was not just prescribing "jugaad, but applauding it too".
On Air India, Rai said the national carrier purchased aircraft at a price of Rs 1,300 crore each in 2005, but sold them within five years at roughly Rs 427 crore each to Etihad.
Detailing the bad financial position of the national carrier, Rai pointed out that the first airline of the country -- Tata Airmail -- earned a profit in its first year of operation. This was later rechristened as Tata Airlines, which eventually got nationalised and became Air India in 1953.
Regarding coal allocation issue, Rai said the "coal mining saga is a remarkable case study of people in power who, when provided the mantle to lead, faltered the moment a challenge arose".
FEATURED ARTICLES

UP goes Netherlands  way  cycling to be promoted in citiesUP goes Netherlands' way, cycling to be promoted in cities
IANS  Lucknow, September 14, 2014
First Published: 13:36 IST(14/9/2014) | Last Updated: 13:39 IST(14/9/2014)
Comments
Bicycle, the election symbol of the ruling Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh, will soon be part of a new development story inspired by the success of cycling in the Netherlands. A beginning is likely to be made from Noida.
Back from a week-long trip to study how people in the Netherlands embraced cycling as a major mode of transport, Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has asked officials to prepare a time-bound programme to set up cycle tracks and stands in select cities and tourist hubs in an effort to control pollution and ease congestion on roads.
Sanjeev Saran, principal secretary for infrastructure and industrial development, said cycling tracks will be necessarily built in new cities.
Officials of Noida, Greater Noida, Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA), Agra Development Authority and Gautam Buddh University have been asked to "get cracking" on what is now emerging as the pet project of the chief minister, he said.
Other than cycle tracks, stands will also be built according to the need so that people start using bicycles in crowded markets instead of four-wheelers, an official told IANS.
A delegation from the Netherlands will soon undertake a tour of the state to partner in this process, the official said.
Rama Raman, chairman of Noida, Greater Noida and YEIDA, said cycle tracks and stands would be provided in Noida and Greater Noida in a time-bound manner.
He also said cycling as a mode of transport would be started from the Gautam Buddha University.
Cycle tracks and stands will be developed inside the university campus for students to move between different departments.
"After two-three months, when students become habituated with the system, power vehicles will be banned inside the campus. Likewise, advice of experts will be sought to develop cycle tracks and stands in the industrial sector, Sector 18 and Labour Chowk," Raman told IANS.
Cycles will be provided to employees and workers of industrial units and officers after consulting the entrepreneurs.
Raman said safe tracks will have to be built for children to use cycles to school.
He said Metro rail commuters use four-wheelers to reach the stations and park their vehicles there to use again for returning home.
If cycle tracks are developed along the roads and stands are provided at Metro stations, then people will certainly prefer to use cycles for commuting, he said.
Gautam Buddha University vice chancellor J.P. Sharma and YEIDA CEO P.C. Gupta have concurred to the proposal of the state government and have assured all possible help.
Sources said cycling will also be promoted in a big way in the tourism sector, especially in places where foreign tourist footfalls are sizable.
"It has been seen that most foreign tourists prefer cycle as a mode of transport when they come to visit places like Agra, Varanasi and Kushinagar and we would like this to become their habit in India as well," another official said.
Officials said cycling will be promoted through rallies and campaigns egging people to take to it as a "preferred mode to move around" especially in busy thoroughfares as it will help ease traffic pressure and congestion.
 

Fresh rains hamper rescue operations in flood-ravaged KashmirFresh rains in flood-ravaged Kashmir disrupted rescue operations on Sunday as hundreds of thousands were still marooned, desperate for help after horrific devastation in the Himalayan region including neighbouring Pakistan.
Advertisement
The floods and landslides from days of heavy monsoon rains have now claimed at least 480 lives in Pakistan and India, with rescuers struggling to cope with the massive disaster.
After a few clear days, fresh rainfall accompanied by thunder and lightning hampered relief operations in the worst affected areas of Indian Kashmir's normally scenic main city of Srinagar.
Floodwaters have been subsiding in recent days but desperate residents were seen waving from rooftops and upper-storey windows of inundated buildings in a bid to attract attention.
In both India and Pakistan, security forces have been using boats and helicopters to deliver food supplies and evacuate survivors.
"The weather is very bad. We have had to halt our operations for some time and we are waiting for the weather to clear," Indian air force spokesperson Gerard Galway told AFP.
"We are hopeful that we should be back to efforts as soon as the weather clears," Galway added.
Syed Abid Rasheed Shah, a state administrator, said the fresh rainfall also posed problems for scores of flood victims without any proper shelter, and also fuelled concerns over water-borne diseases.
Shah told the Press Trust of India news agency that in some places people were in tents which were not water proof, but he added that relief efforts would continue despite the rain.
In Indian Kashmir, there was anger over slow rescue efforts. Some rescuers had been attacked, although now such incidents had reportedly diminished.
The Indian government estimates at least 200 people died and 142,000 people have been rescued in the restive region Kashmir where militants have been fighting Indian rule since the late 1980s.
Some 137 relief camps were operating in the Kashmir valley alone assisting over 100,000 people, officials said.
Pakistan, which has suffered a series of annual flood diasters, says as many as 2.29 million people have been affected.
Some 280 people have died from the heavy rains and flooding in the Punjab, Kashmir and Gilgit Baltistan regions, Ahmed Kamal, a spokesman for the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), told AFP, while over 214,000 people had been evacuated.

Investor wealth of BSE listed stocks nears Rs 100 L-cr markInvestor wealth of BSE listed stocks nears Rs 100 lakh crore mark
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 02.24PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(With the benchmark Sensex…)
NEW DELHI: With the benchmark Sensex witnessing a dream-run, total market valuation of BSE listed companies has inched closer to Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
At present, the total market capitalisation (m-cap) of BSE listed companies stands at Rs 96,25,517 crore which is Rs 3.74 lakh short of Rs 100 lakh crore mark.
In terms of US dollar, the total market value of BSE listed companies has surged to USD 1.58 trillion at the current rupee rate of 60.65 against the Greenback.
Earlier, the total m-cap of domestic listed companies had reached a record USD 1.5 trillion in June this year.
India had first entered the trillion-dollar club in June 2007, but moved out in September 2008 after a global meltdown.
It again got back into the elite league in May 2009 and largely remained there except for some brief periods including once in 2012. In August 2013, it had again slipped out of the elite list.
Indian stock market investors are making big gains as the Sensex has gained 5,890.36 points or 27.82 per cent so far this year. The index has hit its all-time high of 27,354.99 on September 8.
"The undercurrent of the stock market is very bullish. Markets are likely to sustain at current levels," an expert said.
Sensex blue-chip companies whose market valuation is more than Rs 1 lakh crore include TCS, ONGC , RIL , ITC , Coal India , Infosys , HDFC Bank , SBI , ICICI Bank , Sun Pharma , Bharti Airtel, HDFC, L&T, Wipro, Tata Motors and NTPC.
Outsourcing giant TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs 5,10,415.13 crore.
Analysts said Indian markets are also making merry helped by robust foreign fund inflows.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore (USD 33 billion) in the country's equity market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New app to help you get better Wi-Fi around the houseSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Indian funds  HNIs eye slice of Alibaba mega...Indian funds, HNIs eye slice of Alibaba mega IPO
By PTI | 15 Sep, 2014, 02.07AM IST
Indian investors can invest in Alibaba IPO via overseas trading accounts and some brokerages offer the facility to invest in various stocks that are traded on US exchanges, added market sources.
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: High-networth individuals and domestic funds from India are eyeing a slice of the much- touted mega IPO of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, which looking to raise an eye-popping $21.1 billion.
Alibaba, founded by Chinese entrepreneur Jack Ma in his apartment, has garnered huge investor interest and appears set to exceed Visa Inc's $19.7 billion IPO in 2008, the biggest US initial offering to date.
HNIs and fund managers in India have sounded out homegrown brokers to place orders with foreign financial partners to enable transactions when the IPO opens which could be as soon as next week, senior executives at various investment banking and brokerage firms said.
Alibaba and shareholders are offering over 32 crore American depositary shares, valuing the company at more than $160 billion.
While US underwriters for a big issue give priority to large clients, many HNIs and funds are making all efforts to get some shares in the IPO.
The highly anticipated IPO of Alibaba, which runs Internet-based e-commerce businesses including B2B online web portals, is seeing robust global interest in line with Facebook Inc's IPO -- the biggest tech public offering so far.
Alibaba stock will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BABA. With most big IPOs seeing a decent pop on debut, investors are keen on getting some shares of Alibaba even if at higher end of price band ($66/share).
Indian investors can invest in Alibaba IPO via overseas trading accounts and some brokerages offer the facility to invest in various stocks that are traded on US exchanges, added market sources.
A strong rupee has emboldened Reserve Bank of India to relax some of the foreign exchange related restrictions including the individual overseas remittance limit of $75,000 per year which has been hiked to $125,000. These investments can include stocks.
Alibaba.com was the company's first online commerce platform, launched in 1999. Alibaba.com is a leading English-language wholesale platform focused on supporting global trade.
Sellers on Alibaba.com are typically manufacturers and distributors based in China and other manufacturing countries such as India, Pakistan, the United States and Thailand, the company's offer document said.
"Buyers on Alibaba.com are located in numerous countries all over the world, with the United States, India and Brazil being among the leading countries. Buyers are typically SMEs engaged in the import and export business, trade agents, and wholesalers, retailers and manufacturing companies," it added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

No stops for Prime Minister Narendra Modi in US visitprint
Prime minister Narendra Modi addresses at the Teachers' Day function at Manekshaw Auditorium, in New Delhi. (PIB handout photo)
Not long ago, Narendra Modi was not welcome in the US. But the US is now pulling out all stops to woo him when he comes calling at the White House as India's prime minister at the end of this month.
President Barack Obama will host a dinner for him September 29 before bilateral talks at the White House the next day and this will be followed by a lunch hosted by vice-president Joe Biden at the state department.
Read: Before leaving for US, Modi to pitch Make in India to world
What a difference an election makes! Long forgotten is Modi's alleged inaction or complicity in the 2002 Gujarat riots that led the state department to revoke his visa in 2005.
Modi may not have forgotten, but he too is not letting his personal feelings come in the way of repairing India-US ties which touched a low last December over the arrest and strip search of India's then deputy consul general in New York for alleged visa fraud and underpaying her nanny.
For, if Obama has called India "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century, one which will be vital to US strategic interests in Asia-Pacific and across the globe", India's ties with Washington are its most important relationship.
Obama and his predecessors, Republican George Bush and fellow Democrat Bill Clinton all visited India, underscoring the increasing importance of the bilateral relationship that has broad bipartisan support across the aisle.
But despite the optics, there is cautious optimism on the outcome of the Modi visit which is expected to be primarily focused on economic ties, defence, trade and technology exchanges.
Trade between the two countries has grown from only $5.6 billion in 1990 to over $63 billion in 2013, according to the US Census Bureau.
And as a state department backgrounder noted, the two are "developing their defence partnership through military sales and joint research, co-production and co-development efforts".
"India has moved forward, albeit haltingly, with market-oriented economic reforms that began in 1991," the backgrounder said noting, "Recent reforms have included an increasingly liberal foreign investment regime in many sectors."
But nothing major is expected in regard to the landmark India-US nuclear deal that has stalled over India's tough liability law.
Addressing the liability issue still remains "the biggest and most pressing issue on trying to advance the civil nuclear cooperation," according to Nisha Desai Biswal, assistant secretary for South and Central Asian Affairs.
As the 2008 Republican presidential candidate John McCain told a Washington think tank recently, "Too often, our relationship has felt like a laundry list of initiatives, some quite worthy, that amounts to no more than the sum of its parts."
"... Our strategic relationship has unfortunately devolved recently into a transactional one," he said.
But McCain, who met the Indian Prime Minister last month, also felt "Modi wants India to do its part to change this - and that he wants India and the US to lift our sights once again, to think bigger and do bigger things together."
"I fully agree. And I see the prime minister's visit to the US this month as an opportunity to renew our partnership and regain a proper strategic focus," he said.
Mark R. Warner, Democratic co-chair of the bipartisan Senate India Caucus, who published a "First 100 Days" plan to strengthen US-India relations has also praised the progress made at the 100-day mark of Modi's government.
Meanwhile, the Indian community is planning to accord Modi a grand public reception at Madison Square Garden, a huge multi-purpose indoor arena in Midtown Manhattan in New York City with a capacity of over 20,000 Sep 28.
The event will be emceed by the first Indian-American Miss America Nina Davuluri and PBS Weekend Newshour's Indian-American anchor, Hari Sreenivasan.
Given "an overwhelming response for this historic event" and "the tremendous interest from the Indian American community" general admission tickets are being distributed through a lottery.
The event, organised by the Indian American Community Foundation, will be broadcast live on a number of TV channels as well as streamed online on pmvisit.org website.

Dikshit slams NDA for nudging UPA-appointed guvs to quitPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:01 pm
Attacking the NDA government for “forcing” UPA-appointed governors to quit, former Kerala Governor and three-time Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit today said the new dispensation targeted the holders of the constitutional office “selectively” and “humiliated” them which does not auger well for democracy.
76-year-old Dikshit, who was appointed Kerala Governor by the UPA government in March just before the code of conduct for Lok Sabha polls came into force, said a senior bureaucrat of central government had called her and asked for her resignation.
“The governors must be treated with respect. It is a very dignified and constitutional position. They targeted the governors selectively. It was humiliation of the holders of the constitutional office which is not good for democracy,” she told PTI. Dikshit said if governors should resign when a new dispensation comes to power at the Centre, then a new law providing for such a provision should be enacted.
“I was not thinking about myself. I was only concerned about prestige of the constitutional offices. If governors should go when a new government comes to power at the Centre, then there should be a law. “Parliament should enact a law providing for resignation of governors when a new government takes office,” Dikshit said.
Critical of the NDA government, Dikshit said transferring Kamla Beniwal from the gubernatorial post in Gujarat to Mizoram and then sacking her reflected a “total disregard” for the prestigious office by the NDA government. “Why postings in the Northeast are seen as punishment postings,” Dikshit asked.
87-year-old Beniwal, the former Gujarat Governor, who had a running battle with Narendra Modi when he was the state’s Chief Minister, was removed just two months before her tenure was due to end. Asked whether she was told about any imminent transfer if she did not quit as Kerala Governor, Dikshit replied in the negative.
Dikshit had quit as Kerala Governor on August 25 and had become the eighth governor to have resigned since the Modi government came to power on May 26. Six UPA-appointed Governors-—K Sankaranarayanan (Maharashtra), M K Narayanan (West Bengal), Ashwani Kumar (Nagaland), B L Joshi (UP), B V Wanchoo (Goa) and Shekhar Dutt (Chhattisgarh)–have already resigned after being nudged by
the NDA government.

Ten scenes that show how music can elevate televisionAdam Epstein @aepstein
September 14, 2014
While many of TV’s best scenes feature no music or merely ambient sounds , a smart song selection can turn what would be an otherwise ordinary moment into an extraordinary one.
Here are the Quartz staff’s picks for the best uses of music from the last decade of American TV:
“DLZ” by TV on the Radio (Breaking Bad)
“Brothers in Arms” by Dire Straits (The West Wing)
“Make Your Own Kind of Music” by “Mama” Cass Elliot (LOST)
“Breathe Me” by Sia (Six Feet Under)
“I Will Follow You into the Dark” by Death Cab for Cutie (Scrubs)
“The Man Comes Around” by Johnny Cash (Generation Kill)
“You Only Live Twice” by Nancy Sinatra (Mad Men)
“Feel Like Funkin’ It Up” by Rebirth Brass Band (Treme)
“Don’t Stop Believin'” by Journey (The Sopranos)
“Nothing Else Matters” by Metallica, Apocalyptica cover (The Leftovers)
Here’s a Spotify playlist with all the songs mentioned, and, for good measure, a few extras added from other shows. The last four songs appear in Justified, The Walking Dead, Turn, and Friday Night Lights, respectively.
And here is just a small sampling of all the excellent original music composed for TV:
Share this:
Top News

The story of North County: How America is in a perpetual state of reconstructionThe story of North County: How America is in a perpetual state of reconstruction
Written by
Margaret Schneider Managing editor, St. Louis Magazine
September 14, 2014
It's not just about Mike Brown; it's about America.Reuters/Adrees Latif
SHARE
Margaret Schneider Managing editor, St. Louis Magazine
September 14, 2014
If you’re white, you’re from North St. Louis County (or anywhere, really), and you’re not having an agonized moment of self-reflection in the wake of events in Ferguson, thinking back over all the moments in your life where you could’ve done better, and how you can do better in the future, I’m not sure what to say. But I can tell you what I’ve seen and hope you understand.
I grew up in Florissant, Missouri. I moved to University City for college and stayed, but I still have family, friends, and property up north, and I consider Ferguson part of my hometown—it’s half of my school district, after all, and it figured large in my childhood. I was pulling out of my father’s driveway, just two miles north of where Darren Wilson shot and killed Mike Brown, when I got the first email alert from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch .
My heart dropped. It felt like another punch to the gut. In November 2012, my friends had all begun talking about radioactive contamination in North County . In June 2013, my father had had his third stroke, forcing him to move out of the house he’d loved and the North County streets he’d walked, from Black Jack to Ferguson, every day. Every time I went to Florissant in the past year—nearly every weekend—I felt like pieces of me were breaking off. I was already in mourning. Now I mourn for Mike Brown, too.
I don’t want to be yet another white girl who manages to make this about herself—and some would say I should stop right there. But there aren’t a lot of us in the media from North County. As Janee Woods noted , this is the time for white people to step up and make a purposeful choice to be better allies, to say black lives matter. There are so many stories that need to be told.
The reason we need to have this conversation now is not only because Mike Brown was shot, but also because we’ve ducked it so many times before. On my desk, I have a note to self from a year ago: “North gets ignored.” Until now, no one wanted to talk about it.
Why it happened where it did
Let’s start with North County as a whole. If St. Louis residents in general have a chip on their shoulder about their place in the world, I’m not sure how to describe the feeling of telling people you’re from North County and seeing their smiles curdle, their brow furrow. It’s long been this way—and it goes back to how race and class intertwine.
Many of the people saying “This could’ve happened anywhere” are turning a blind eye to what has gone on in North County for decades. Yes, some are saying this to broaden the message, to raise awareness of the racism and classism that surround all of us, and that’s important. FBI stats show that across the country, an average of two black people are killed by white police officers each week. But Ferguson has its own back story—and issues of class and upward mobility are inextricable parts of it.
The New York Times’ coverage of this tragedy’s historical roots backs this up. Black city residents moved to Ferguson starting in the 1970s because it had been built before restrictive zoning made it hard to build apartments. But people also moved there because at that time, you could get a job in industry nearby—you could work at the Ford plant in Hazelwood or for McDonnell Douglas (later Boeing) in Berkeley. You could be a union machinist and make a decent wage. When my father went to McCluer High School in the ’60s, there were so many students, the school had classes in shifts.
Many of those baby boomers, black and white alike, some Vietnam War veterans, are the parents of the current generation of youth you see in Ferguson. These millennials came of age in an era during which unions declined; these huge auto plants in St. Louis closed; and news of radioactive environmental contamination (from government-funded industry) and white flight led property values (and subsequently, school funding) to decline. In North County, the class and race issues intertwine, but it’s class that’s brought the race issues to a boil.
As one commenter discussing Ferguson on MetaFilter pointed out, “In the U.S., we’re trained to separate race and class, as if racism were purely driven by misguided emotions and not by greed and the hunger for power… Keeping black people down is part of keeping working people down. Black people may be at the bottom of the heap, but if the bottom of the heap gets pushed down, everyone else goes down too.”
Or as Frederick Douglass once said: “The hostility between the whites and blacks of the South is easily explained. It has its root and sap in the relation of slavery, and was incited on both sides by the cunning of the slave masters. Those masters secured their ascendancy over both the poor whites and blacks by putting enmity between them. They divided both to conquer each.”
Basic psychology bears this out. Discussing police actions during the protests in Ferguson, many have mentioned Philip Zimbardo’s Stanford prison experiment , in which students given roles as “guards” rapidly became abusive. Friends have also posted links to videos from Jane Elliott’s blue eyes/brown eyes exercise . At Cross Keys Middle School growing up, we did the latter experiment for a week or so, the brown-eyed privileged over the blue-eyed. The results were revealing: Trust breaks down when one race or group has every advantage, especially when resources and jobs are increasingly scarce.
You get a bunch of working-class people in one place, all scrabbling for resources and influence, and you disproportionately put people of one color in positions of power over people of another color. You contaminate the environment there to an unknown extent by leaching radioactive waste into Coldwater Creek, but don’t tell anyone about it right away. Wait a few decades, and see how that turns out, as residents start comparing notes on friends’ seemingly disproportionate cancer rates, which you repeatedly deny and explain away. The people of North County have been have been affected by forces beyond their control—beyond a vote—for decades.
As Charles Marohn wrote in an analysis for Minneapolis nonprofit Strong Towns , “Ferguson is a suburb deep into the decline phase of the Suburban Ponzi Scheme,” in which revenue collected can’t cover maintenance costs. As he notes, in 2013, Ferguson’s interest payments alone came to nearly $800,000. Declining infrastructure has led to declines in other areas. If you want to see a movie up north, now that Wehrenberg’s Halls Ferry 14 Cine, Jamestown 14 Cine, and Cross Keys Cinema are gone, you have to drive 20 minutes on two highways to St. Louis Outlet Mall.
Many North County residents work jobs where they barely make enough to pay for the gas to get to and from work—and then they get ticketed en route. Two tornadoes hit Ferguson in recent years, and there are still tarps on roofs. Others have documented the racial profiling , the lack of representation … North County’s decline goes back to economics—but many white residents have long blamed it on race, even as the brunt of these disparities falls disproportionately on North County’s black communities.
Understanding Ferguson
Former St. Louis politician Jeff Smith’s piece for The New Republic  on the three things you need to understand to understand Ferguson mentions Kinloch Airfield, the land that eventually became Lambert–St. Louis International Airport. Kinloch—that’s a name that arouses feelings in people in North County, though no one wants to talk about it. It brings to mind the desegregation program, and busing, and migration out of failing school districts. So many people seem to want to forget it exists, along with places like Wellston, where my great-grandfather once drove a bus route.
And that brings to mind Interstate 170. After Shelley v. Kraemer , the US Supreme Court decision striking down racial covenants on real estate, black city residents began to move to inner-ring suburbs like Ferguson. But soon, airport expansion and Interstate 170 construction both displaced people, cutting through nearby neighborhoods up until about 10 years ago. Yet again, people found a potentially good place to live, only to be confined by construction. (Note that construction on I-170 ceased at Interstate 64 due to public outcry in South County—residents didn’t want it disrupting their neighborhoods the way it had the ones farther north.)
Strangely, St. Louis County has claimed updates to I-170 will be “a critical element to revitalizing the inner-ring suburbs.” As civic blogger Alex Ihnen wryly wrote on nextSTL in June , “Somehow the building on I-170 didn’t contribute to the revitalizing of inner ring communities it traverses, such as [Kinloch], St. John, [Vinita] Park, and Charlack.”
Once more, the county has used rhetoric about inner-ring revitalization to get what it wants—without taking serious steps to improve the well-being of those who live there.
The growing divide
When Ferguson Mayor James Knowles told MSNBC that “there’s not a racial divide in the city of Ferguson,” he immediately painted himself as out of touch. But one could almost—if not forgive him, then pity him for failing to see the (at times literal) writing on the wall. At 35, Knowles isn’t much older than I am, and things have changed since our youth.
But they’ve been changing for a long time, and you’d expect a mayor to know that. My friends and I grew up in a North County that was, as a whole, maybe fifty-fifty black and white, and looking back, there didn’t seem to be much overt racial tension. We were raised to celebrate the community’s diversity and come together through local events. (Brown and his parents were among those who did so—my mother had met him and his mom before at local events.) But clearly racism persisted beneath the surface, and as the area declined and people looked for someone to blame, racial tensions grew.
Since then, many have opted out of that community. In 2002, I graduated from McCluer North High School in a class of about 375, in an area of the district that back then was about 80% white. Two years ago, when it came time for our first class reunion, a group of largely African-American alums took the initiative to get it organized. Nearly 175 people joined the class-reunion group on Facebook. Ultimately, however, many classmates quietly made their excuses, and only about two dozen of us showed up. Three-quarters of our party were African-American. I remember feeling dazed at the time, as salad and dessert plates sat uneaten before empty chairs—and it occupied my thoughts for months afterward. A few friends couldn’t afford it, but I don’t know why the rest of our white friends didn’t show up…and all the conclusions I could draw were uncomfortable ones.
This past spring, an older white man told me that if he were my age, he wouldn’t want to live up north, citing vague “concerns” with the area. I’ve been in groups whose members wouldn’t meet north of Delmar Boulevard—even if that meant making North County–based members drive farther.
After Brown was killed, as police rolled into Ferguson with dogs and guns, many of us had friends and family members across the country calling to check in. What many missed is that even in Ferguson, a lot of areas were deemed uninvolved to the point that curfew wasn’t applied there, and no roadblocks went up. The wounds—and the damage—were concentrated.
But what we’ve seen in recent weeks affects all of us. Clearly, the North County of our childhood was no utopia of togetherness, but those of us who grew up there shared a lot in common. That’s one thing that’s bothered me as I’ve followed the coverage of events in North County, this notion of Florissant as merely “nearby.” I’ve long viewed Ferguson and Florissant as two sides of the same coin. Their major north-south streets share the same names, and they’re the two named halves of Ferguson-Florissant School District. In 2013, ArchCity Defenders reports , the cities netted a combined $3.5 million from their municipal courts, raising revenue on the backs of the working class .
When looting began late on the night of Aug. 10, it followed West Florissant Avenue from Ferguson to Florissant. Ferguson is the yin to Florissant’s yang. Ferguson is about two-thirds black; Florissant, about two-thirds white. And while Florissant has annexed and raised taxes on almost every adjacent part of unincorporated St. Louis County it could, Ferguson has systematically had neighbors pushed into it, construction project by construction project. The two cities are halves of the same whole, and like yin and yang, they’re integrated, shared spaces.
But as many have pointed out, the local police forces, government, and school board aren’t. My classmates may remember one of our high-school math teachers, Paul Schroeder. What they might not know is that he’s now a member of the Ferguson-Florissant Board of Education.
Interestingly, last year, Schroeder, supported by no one, was the lone dissenting vote— twice —when the school board sought to oust then-superintendent Art McCoy, the sole African-American member of the board.
It’s perhaps telling that the board sought to push out McCoy (without making any of its charges public) not long after McCoy had actively recruited transfer students from the nearby Riverview Gardens and Normandy school districts.
This spring, one of my neighbors growing up, Donna Thurman, was voted in as the board’s sole black member. I’m proud of her—but her presence doesn’t fix the board’s pervasive, unrepresentative whiteness. And while four of seven board members do live in Ferguson, the acting superintendent, Lawrence W. Larrew, doesn’t even appear to live in the district.
Still, while the board may not reflect the district’s composition, the area has long had smart, compassionate teachers who taught students about far more than the basics. My classmates may remember our fourth-grade teacher, Viola Murphy. What they might not know is that she’s now the mayor of another North County suburb in the district, Cool Valley.
Interestingly, last year, Murphy, supported by a unanimous vote of her aldermen, and with little fuss from her police chief, dissolved Cool Valley’s police force , and sought to contract out its services.
It’s perhaps telling that when the time came to make a choice between the services of Ferguson’s police force and Normandy’s police force, Cool Valley chose Normandy . Even in their second careers, our teachers have tried to show us more than we probably even realize.
 If we don’t stand up, we’re part of the problem
The police, of course, are at the center of this story. The weeks following Brown’s death have seen them at the intersection of issues including press freedom, net neutrality, police militarization, and institutionalized racism.
I have good friends who are police officers—people who I absolutely trust with my life and trust to do the right thing. If I see them on the scene, I’m comforted. But you know the situation in your hometown is bad when members of the military are saying, “Don’t call the police militarized—the actual military is both more professional and more compassionate, and has less firepower and body armor.” When looting went up West Florissant Avenue, I was concerned for the safety of those I knew in Ferguson and Florissant.
Yet the lack of concern for the protesters reminded me of pastor Martin Niemöller’s poem “ First they came… :” If we don’t stand with our neighbors of color, we’re part of the problem. The officers who told protesters “ All you f—king animals, bring it ” or “We’re dealing with 4,000 animals in there, and you want to give me attitude? ” weren’t helping one bit to combat the perception that they believe black people are less than human.
Whatever the provocation—and the jury is still out on whether more than one or two Molotov cocktails, maybe, were ever thrown in Ferguson—many of the police on duty there behaved like the textbook definition of fascists. In the weeks after Brown’s death, several of the more egregious offenders were outed and disciplined . Yet so many people I’ve spoken with seem to believe that the rights of those protesting don’t matter, or that it was inconvenient to insist on their rights being observed when our friends, family, and property were potentially in danger. But that’s exactly when it matters. If we don’t uphold citizens’ most basic rights in troubled times, nothing our nation is built upon can continue to stand.
Our rights include the freedom of the press. The Freedom of the Press Foundation documented 17 journalists’ arrests in the two weeks following Brown’s death, including an instance in which journalists were shot in the back with rubber bullets after they were arrested. People must understand: If they’ll do it to the press, they’ll do it to you. I have friends on the force, I’m a journalist, I have basic rights guaranteed by the Constitution—oh, and I’m white—and none of that would’ve helped me.
I’ve also seen concerns about open access to information. My mother and multiple friends in North County reported that Charter cable cut out local news stations during the initial protests, and some (including Ferguson Committeewoman Patricia Bynes ) expressed fears at the time that it was deliberate, like when San Francisco cut cellphone access on BART during protests there in 2011. (It’s perhaps of note that those protests followed another police shooting .) That cuts to the heart of these issues: People are protesting not just for justice in court, but for justice through transparency.
You may have heard about the $40 million federal lawsuit filed against Ferguson police in the wake of the protests. More are surely in the works. We can’t forget what we saw there: pregnant women pushed to the ground , 8-year-old kids and women in wheelchairs tear-gassed. Some said those people shouldn’t have been protesting. That ignorance aside, what do you do if you aren’t protesting, but you’re pregnant, you live in Ferguson, and you have nowhere else to go? People reported tear gas being fired into their backyards . Others reported it seeping in through their air-conditioning units .
In Ferguson, going home has been no guarantee police would leave you be. Just ask Mike Brown’s parents—Brown was walking to his grandmother’s home when he was shot. And at least one of the shots Wilson fired that day went straight through a witness’s window . That’s what this is about, and why people are protesting to begin with: that some people’s lives and perspectives are so clearly valued over others’.
Who doesn’t care?
Someone online asked, “Who doesn’t care about what’s happening in Ferguson?” I can think of a few answers: People who have a vested interest in not examining their own racism and privilege, who go beyond not caring to aiding racists in propagating lies. People who aren’t self-reflective enough to get what specific feelings they’re having, but just want to make them go away. And so many of the people who picked up and moved to St. Charles County to “escape.”
Then there are the people who have recognized their white privilege, but don’t know how to move from discomfort to deconstruction. While I’ve seen a lot of misinformation and outright hate propagated in the wake of Brown’s death—including countless friends of friends who have liked the “ I Support Officer Wilson ” page on Facebook—I’ve also seen white friends from North County genuinely stepping out of their comfort zones to attend protests, get involved, and learn from their experiences. There is some hope in that. This work has to continue—it can’t end when the cameras finally all drift away.
Woods’ piece has encouraging words for those of us who want to be allies but are still working through feelings of awkwardness and discomfort, especially as awareness bubbles up regarding our own issues with race. The first part is consciousness, but that’s the part that really hangs many of us up and stops us from contributing, when we realize we have our own weird feelings or behaviors around our friends of color. This process of reflection isn’t necessarily comfortable—but it’s necessary.
As Woods notes:
There’s a real fear of saying the wrong thing even if the intention is pure, of being alienated socially and economically from other white people for standing in solidarity with black people, or of putting one’s self in harm’s way, whether the harm be physical or psychological. I’m not saying those aren’t valid fears, but I am challenging white people to consider carefully whether failing to speak out or act because of those fears is justified when white silence and inaction mean the oppression and death of black people…
If you don’t make a purposeful choice to become a white ally and actively work to dismantle the racist system running America for the benefit of white people, then it becomes your shame because you are white and black lives matter. And if you live your whole life and then die without making a purposeful choice to become a white ally, then American racism becomes your legacy.
I think—I hope—this is a moment that can lead a lot of our friends and neighbors to consciousness and action. I think it has to. Or we are lost.
We welcome your comments at  ideas@qz.com . 
Share this:
Top News

SEBI: Major offences  repeat violations cant be settledSEBI: Major offences, repeat violations can’t be settled
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
As SEBI tightens its noose on those violating securities laws and defrauding investors, Chairman U K Sinha has warned that repeat offenders and those indulging in major offences such as insider trading can’t seek settlement of their cases by paying some charges.
At the same time, SEBI is open to consider the settlement pleas of those suspected of small offences in the capital markets, provided those violations are not to the detriment of retail investors or the overall marketplace, so that the regulator can sharpen its focus on probing serious cases.
The Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) also said the regulatory authority has made a robust settlement mechanism, which is stronger than the prevailing norms in many developed markets such as the US, and is now being followed by regulators in some other countries, including the UK.
A consent mechanism has been in place at SEBI since 2007, which allows an entity being probed for suspected violations to settle the case after payment of settlement fees and other applicable charges without admitting or denying the guilt.
This framework was tightened further in 2012, while the newly enacted Securities Laws Amendments Act has converted it into a regulation with necessary legal backing for such settlements.
SEBI’s orders in these matters cannot even be challenged now.
To further streamline these norms, SEBI has put in place a detailed ‘mathematical’ formula and has adopted a scientific approach to determine the settlement charges required to be paid by the concerned entities, as also to decide whether a case is appropriate to be settled or it is liable to be rejected for any possible settlement.
“Earlier, there was a chance that someone would come up with the most difficult and bad crimes and still get consent. At the same time, we have been criticised for being arbitrary in accepting or rejecting a case for settlement. But, now we have put in place new guidelines to take care of these issues,” Sinha told PTI in an interview.
“What we have done is that on the pattern of criminal law, certain offences which are minor in nature, only those will be consented. So we have created two categories — if you commit big offences, you have to suffer. We can’t let you go away without even admitting the offence.
“This is in vast contrast to practices prevailing in the US and many other developed markets. There, you can do anything and still seek settlement. SEBI has decided that we will not do that. If you have consciously done it, you must suffer,” he said.
The SEBI chief further said that “even if somebody is coming for settlement, we have removed the discretion from the officer level for deciding on such pleas”.
Settlement of securities laws violations, SEBI, the Securities Exchange Board of India, SEBI Chairman UK Sinha, no settlement for major offences, repeat violations
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Ponzi menace: Sebi wants states to put frontline checksPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 02:45 PM IST
Ponzi menace: Sebi wants states to put frontline checks
As illicit money-pooling schemes sprout across nooks and corners of the country, Sebi has asked state governments to put in place the first line of defence against such activities and provide 'early warning systems' for cases requiring action by the capital markets regulator.       Promising full support to the states in fighting this menace where fraudsters have collected thousands of crores of rupee through various ponzi and other illegal schemes, Sebi Chairman U K Sinha said the state governm
As illicit money-pooling schemes sprout across nooks and corners of the country, Sebi has asked state governments to put in place the first line of defence against such activities and provide 'early warning systems' for cases requiring action by the capital markets regulator.
Promising full support to the states in fighting this menace where fraudsters have collected thousands of crores of rupee through various ponzi and other illegal schemes, Sebi Chairman U K Sinha said the state governments have immense powers, if utilised well, to bring to book such entities.
Sinha also urged all states to pass the State Deposit Protection Act, which would allow the state governments to take stern action against illegal deposit-taking activities within their jurisdictions. While many states have passed this Act already, at least seven others are yet to do so.
"Recently, there was a first-of-its-kind meeting of state chief secretaries, RBI and Sebi in Mumbai. The RBI Governor and I requested them to please take action against them (those running illegal money-pooling schemes) under the State Deposit Protection Act," Sinha told PTI.
Stressing on the need for an active role by states in this regard, Sinha said Sebi may not even get to know if "somebody in some district of Bihar or Uttar Pradesh is raising Rs 1 crore, Rs 2 crore or Rs 5 crore.
"I don't have the wherewithal to even come to take note of it, but the local administration might know about this. There may be some news published in a small newspaper which we will not be able to cover.
"What I am saying is that the first line of defence should be the state government," he said, while adding that Sebi was always there to take action in cases that are brought to its notice.
Under a new law, Sebi has been authorised to take action against all unregulated money-pooling schemes with a corpus of Rs 100 crore or more.
Lauding those states that have passed the Act for acting against such illegal schemes, SInha said, "States are legally empowered to take action. There was a confusion because finance is a central subject but the Supreme Court in a case of Tamil Nadu and Maharashtra has held that in the interest of protection of the depositors, state government is empowered.
"So, now the Acts passed by the state government have got constitutional validity and it has been upheld by the Supreme Court," he said.
Explaining the powers enjoyed by the states in this regard, Sinha said, "Under this Act, they have powers to not only register and act and all, but also the Act empowers them to seize the assets or to recover or sell the assets.
"They have powers to arrest them. The district magistrates and the police have got this power. So, what we have requested the states chief secretaries is if you want to control it, please act as the first level of defence and take action against these activities.
"Obviously if the amount is above Rs 100 crore, then we (Sebi) will be acting," Sinha added.
 Advertisements

Alibaba has a major counterfeit problemAlibaba has a major counterfeit problem
By Sophia Yan  @sophia_yan September 12, 2014: 7:35 AM ET
 
Who is Jack Ma?
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Alibaba has been on a mission to rid its virtual shopping malls of counterfeit goods as it cleans house before a massive initial public offering.
But industry experts and company executives say that fakes still flourish on Alibaba's popular platforms -- Taobao, Tmall, AliExpress, Alibaba.com -- and insist the company must do more to crack down on unscrupulous sellers.
"Even though we've seen advances in the last couple of years ... there is certainly a lot of counterfeit activity on those sites," said Haydn Simpson of NetNames, a firm that tracks fakes on the Internet.
"Some of [our clients] would estimate up to 80% of [their] goods found on Taobao ... are counterfeit."
John Motley, director of intellectual property at Columbia Sportswear, said that counterfeits on Alibaba's sites are a major problem. In hundreds of Taobao test purchases made last year, 82% of the products sporting the Columbia brand were actually fakes.
Related: Meet four kings of Alibaba's online retail empire
Columbia gets Alibaba to take down as many as 3,000 fake listings each month. But with about 100,000 Columbia products that claim to be authentic on Taobao, the cleanup effort never ends.
Unlike Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ), Alibaba doesn't own any of the merchandise sold on its platforms, which gives it little control over what vendors put up for sale. And since Alibaba makes money on the number of merchants and sales commissions, reducing volume hasn't always been a priority.
"If they prevent listings from being put up, they are essentially cannibalizing their own marketplace," Simpson said. "It's not in their best interest to remove tens of thousands of postings on a daily basis."
In its IPO prospectus, Alibaba warned potential investors that it could come under fire for alleged counterfeit activity, as it did between 2008 and 2011, when the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative labeled Taobao as a "notorious marketplace" with "widespread availability of counterfeit and pirated goods."
Related: Who the heck is Jack Ma? Meet the man who built Alibaba
Alibaba petitioned to get off the list, and the U.S. cited the company's "notable efforts" when it was removed in 2012.
An Alibaba spokeswoman declined to comment on the issue of counterfeits, citing a mandatory "quiet period" that regulators require before an IPO. But the company's last public statement on the issue, released in April, said it is "highly committed" to protecting intellectual property and the fight against counterfeiting.
Efforts to fight what co-founder Jack Ma has described as a "cancer" have intensified ahead of the IPO .
Alibaba recently signed a handful of anti-piracy agreements with luxury brands and industry groups. And just last month, the company launched a policy for some of its platforms that bans sellers after "three strikes."
In the first 10 months of 2013, it removed 114 million product listings from Taobao alone.
Related: Alibaba 101: The biggest IPO of all time
Critics say Alibaba could still do more to fight fakes -- from luxury handbags to prescription drugs.
"Alibaba has woken up to the fact that this is an issue for investors," said Damian Croker, CEO of BrandStrike, a firm that helps brands spot counterfeits online. "I've seen a change in the approach from them, just now as they're getting closer to the IPO ... [but] a lot more could be done."
While Alibaba developed a procedure for firms to report suspected fake listings a few years ago, Croker said the process is much too "cumbersome," and more difficult than systems used by eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ) and Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ).
Critics also complain about the extensive documentation Alibaba requires brands to produce before shutting down unauthorized sellers. Insiders say that Alibaba sometimes even requires a court ruling before taking action against a violator.
First Published: September 11, 2014: 10:09 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Week in Review  September 13September 12, 2014 6:24 pm
Week in Review, September 13
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4272e232-3a6b-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Commodities index falls to five-year low© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c9e80922-3a98-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Whitbread weighed by budget rivalrySeptember 12, 2014 6:03 pm
Whitbread weighed by budget rivalry
By Bryce Elder
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bc7b860a-3a99-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HSBC to pay $550m to settle FHFA suitLast updated: September 12, 2014 10:01 pm
HSBC to pay $550m to settle FHFA suit
By Tom Braithwaite and Kara Scannell in New York and Martin Arnold in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/82833dc6-3a9e-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Money laundering: RBI takes action against erring UCBsPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 10:50 AM IST
Money laundering: RBI takes action against erring UCBs
Cracking down on money laundering, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has closed down six Urban Cooperative Banks (UCBs) which were suspected of being used to route illegal money.  The central bank has also asked state governments to take stern action against any other erring UCBs after reports emerged that such entities were being used as conduits for money laundering.  The matter of misuse of UCBs, over which there is dual control by central and state governments, was discussed during a recent me
Cracking down on money laundering, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has closed down six Urban Cooperative Banks (UCBs) which were suspected of being used to route illegal money.
The central bank has also asked state governments to take stern action against any other erring UCBs after reports emerged that such entities were being used as conduits for money laundering.
The matter of misuse of UCBs, over which there is dual control by central and state governments, was discussed during a recent meeting of the Economic Intelligence Council (EIC) headed by Finance Minister.
UCBs are inspected annually or once in two years depending on their ratings or classification. About 70 per cent of these urban cooperative banks are subjected to inspection every year. RBI has aggressively pursued the issue and around six UCBs were closed as they were found to be "unviable", according to the minutes of the meeting.
Sources who were present at the meeting said it was found that these banks were lax on regulatory issues and were used as conduits.
"RBI had taken up the issue with the state governments and also advised stringent action against the erring UCBs," it said, but did not disclose the names of the banks.
On the issue of risk categorisation and compilation or updating of profiles of all their existing customers, the apex bank said their regional officers have been advised to seek compliance from UCBs and submit an update which would be reviewed and any necessary action initiated.
RBI has been directed by the Chairman, EIC, to block accounts of non-complying customers while keeping the credit option open. The customers would be able to credit money into their accounts but the withdrawal facility would be activated only when the mandated information is furnished.
The action comes after it came to be noticed that the UCBs, which hold deposits of over Rs 2 lakh crore, are being misused for money laundering, causing alarm to the government.
 Advertisements

ISIS video claims beheading of British hostage David HainesBritish aid worker David Haines before he was beheaded. (Source: AP)
Reuters | Baghdad | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:17 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 11:34 am
Islamic State militants fighting in Iraq and Syria released a video on Saturday which purported to show the beheading of British aid worker David Haines.
Reuters could not immediately verify the footage. However, the images were consistent with that of the filmed executions of two American journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff, in the past month.
ALSO READ:  ISIS claims to have killed US journalist, posts beheading video 
Haines, a 44-year-old father of two from Perth in Scotland, was kidnapped last year while working for the French agency ACTED.
The video entitled, “A Message to the Allies of America,” opened with UK Prime Minister David Cameron talking about working with the Iraqi government and allied Kurdish Peshmerga forces to defeat Islamic State.
“This British man has to pay the price for your promise, Cameron, to arm the Peshmerga against the Islamic State,” said a masked man dressed in black with a British accent, standing over Haines, who was shown kneeling and wearing an orange jumpsuit.
The video then showed the beheading of the kneeling man.
At the end of the video, another hostage was shown and the masked man said he would be killed if Cameron continues to support the fight against Islamic State.
 

Economy to grow at 5.6% in FY 15: SurveySatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Sun Pharma  ONGC  3 Others Lose Rs 36 971 Crore in Market ValueYou are here: Home Corporates
Sun Pharma, ONGC, 3 Others Lose Rs 36,971 Crore in Market Value in a Week
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 14, 2014 13:45 (IST)
L&T Construction Bags Rs 2,050-Crore Contracts
New Delhi: Top five Sensex companies including ONGC and Sun Pharma lost Rs 36,971.61 crore in market capitalisation in the week ended September 12, with the two companies being the worst hit.
While ONGC, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), Coal India Ltd (CIL), Infosys and Sun Pharma saw losses in their market capitalisation or M-cap, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), ITC, HDFC Bank, State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI Bank witnessed gains.
ONGC's market value plunged by Rs 11,421.58 crore to Rs 3,67,158.86 crore and Sun Pharma lost Rs 10,749.03 crore in M-cap, taking its valuation to Rs 1,66,910.28 crore.
Coal India's value dipped by Rs 8,400.77 crore to Rs 2,26,094.26 crore, followed by Infosys (down Rs 3,327.7 crore at Rs 2,10,879.62 crore) and RIL (down Rs 3,072.53 crore at Rs 3,28,501.95 crore).
On the other hand, the M-cap of SBI surged by Rs 8,227.23 crore to Rs 1,96,020.23 crore, while ITC added Rs 4,421.88 crore in its market value to Rs 2,83,518.18 crore.
ICICI Bank's market valuation rose by Rs 1,943.15 crore to Rs 1,81,069.22 crore, followed by TCS (up Rs 1,733.47 crore at Rs 5,10,415.13 crore) and HDFC Bank (up Rs 1,677.83 crore at Rs 2,06,458.39 crore).
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at No. 1 followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 34.34 points to close at 27,061.04.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 13:43 (IST)

India-bound Malaysia Airlines flight return back after mid-air emergencySatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Finding Fanny box office collections hit Rs 12 croreSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Reliance Growth Fund NAV crosses Rs 700Reliance Growth Fund NAV crosses Rs 700
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
Soon to embark on its 20th year of existence, Reliance Group Fund has seen its Net Asset Value (NAV) cross Rs 700-level — becoming the first mutual fund scheme in the country to reach this milestone.
This also makes the per-unit-price of this midcap sector-focussed MF scheme, managed by leading fund house Reliance Capital Asset Management Company, higher than that of nearly half of the 30 biggest blue-chip stocks of the country that form part of the benchmark index Sensex.
“Our research team has been able to constantly remain ahead of the curve in identifying the right stocks and investment opportunities. This has given us a strong edge to offer superior returns to our investors.
“Many of our funds are among the best performers in their category. We will continue to keep our focus on intelligent and balanced stock picking,” RCAM Head of Equities Sunil Singhania said.
The fund was launched 19 years ago in October 1995 and its value has appreciated nearly 71 times since inception.
The fund has delivered a CAGR (Compounded Annual Growth Rate) of 25 per cent and has a corpus of over Rs 4,846 crore from lakhs of investors.
The closest competitor to this fund, in terms of vintage, is Franklin India Prime Fund that was launched in December 1993 and SBI Magnum (launched in September 1994).
Franklin India Prime Fund has a corpus of about Rs 2,000 crore and has generated a CAGR of 21 per cent thereby multiplying investors wealth by 55 per cent. The fund has an NAV of Rs 563.
SBI Magnum Global Fund 94 has an NAV of Rs 114 and has given a CAGR of 13 per cent on an AUM of Rs 1,249 crore.
Reliance Growth Fund, a midcap fund, is primarily invested in financial, information technology, industrials and healthcare companies. The most invested stocks in the fund today are ICICI Bank, HCL Technologies and Aditya Birla Nuvo.
Some of the early identifiers for the fund that have given exponential returns include Lupin, Jindal Power and Steel, United Phosphorous.
RCAM’s another equity offering in large cap category — Reliance Vision Growth Fund — has crossed Rs 400 for the first time.
HDFC Equity Fund, with an NAV of Rs 460, leads the pack in this category. The two other funds that follow Reliance are Franklin India Prime Plus at an NV of 381 and HDFC Top 200 at NAV of Rs 335.
Reliance Vision Fund has a corpus of Rs 2,953 crore.
Leader HDFC Equity Fund has a corpus of Rs 14,994 crore, Franklin India Prima Plus — Growth Fund has a corpus of Rs 2,661 crore, while HDFC Top 200 Fund has a corpus of 12,430 crore.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Indian funds  HNIs eye slice of Alibaba mega IPOIndian funds, HNIs eye slice of Alibaba mega IPO
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
High-networth individuals and domestic funds from India are eyeing a slice of the much-touted mega IPO of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, which is looking to raise an eye-popping $21.1 billion.
Alibaba, founded by Chinese entrepreneur Jack Ma in his apartment, has garnered huge investor interest and appears set to exceed Visa Inc’s $19.7 billion IPO in 2008, the biggest US initial offering to date.
HNIs and fund managers in India have sounded out homegrown brokers to place orders with foreign financial partners to enable transactions when the IPO opens which could be as soon as next week, senior executives at various investment banking and brokerage firms said.
Alibaba and shareholders are offering over 32 crore American depository shares, valuing the company at more than $160 billion.
While US underwriters for a big issue give priority to large clients, many HNIs and funds are making all efforts to get some shares in the IPO.
The highly anticipated IPO of Alibaba, which runs Internet-based e-commerce businesses including B2B online web portals, is seeing robust global interest in line with Facebook Inc’s IPO — the biggest tech public offering so far.
Alibaba stock will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol BABA. With most big IPOs seeing a decent pop on debut, investors are keen on getting some shares of Alibaba even if at higher end of price band (USD 66/share).
Indian investors can invest in Alibaba IPO via overseas trading accounts and some brokerages offer the facility to invest in various stocks that are traded on US exchanges, added market sources.
A strong rupee has emboldened Reserve Bank of India to relax some of the foreign exchange related restrictions including the individual overseas remittance limit of USD 75,000 per year which has been hiked to USD 125,000. These investments can include stocks.
Alibaba.com was the company’s first online commerce platform, launched in 1999. Alibaba.com is a leading English-language wholesale platform focused on supporting global trade.
Sellers on Alibaba.com are typically manufacturers and distributors based in China and other manufacturing countries such as India, Pakistan, the United States and Thailand, the company’s offer document said.
“Buyers on Alibaba.com are located in numerous countries all over the world, with the United States, India and Brazil being among the leading countries. Buyers are typically SMEs engaged in the import and export business, trade agents, and wholesalers, retailers and manufacturing companies,” it added.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Reliance Growth Fund Net Asset Value crosses Rs 700 levelSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

IS  Hamas  al-Qaeda branches of same poisonous tree:NetanyahuPrint
Press Trust of India | Jerusalem | Posted: September 14, 2014 5:33 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 5:34 pm
Warning against the rising tide of extremism, Israel’s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday said fundamentalists groups Islamic State, Hamas, al-Qaeda, the Nusra Front, Boko Haram and Hezbollah, supported by Iran, as “branches of the same poisonous tree”.
“IS and Hamas and al-Qaeda and al-Nusra and Boko Haram and Hezbollah, supported by Iran; they’re branches of the same poisonous tree. It’s the same ideology with minor nuances,” Netanyahu said while speaking to a visiting Israel Bonds Leadership Delegation.
“What’s the great difference between IS and Hamas? The great difference, supposedly, between IS and Hamas is that those, the former chop heads off and the others shoot people in the head,” the Israeli Premier said.
Netanyahu also sent his condolences to the British people over the loss of David Haines , the British aid worker who was beheaded by the IS, as seen in a video released today.
“We have been notified of another act of savagery from IS and I send our condolences to the people of Britain. We understand what kind of barbarism they face”, he said.
The Israeli Premier also stressed that the threats spreading in the area were also posing a challenge to Israel’s defence at its own borders.
“We need a very strong defence against them. We need a strong army and also a strong economy. Achieving a balance between them is one of the central goals before us and I intend to achieve both strong security and a strong economy,” Netanyahu said.
Israel has officially banned terror group IS as an “unauthorised organisation”, providing the legal framework to prevent efforts by the Jihadi group to spread its presence in Israel and the West Bank.
“This is necessary for the purpose of protecting state security, the public welfare and public order,” Defence Minister Moshe Ya’alon said about ten days ago.
Israel’s pro-active approach in this regard is meant to enable authorities to halt the transfer of funds to any local groups affiliated with IS and take legal action against its members or operatives.
What's the great difference between IS and Hamas? The great difference, supposedly, between IS and Hamas is that those, the former chop heads off and the others shoot people in the head.

Gail makes gas available from alternate sources to Gujarat industriesSatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

HDFC Bank in push for rural richSeptember 14, 2014 6:39 am
HDFC Bank in renewed push for India’s rural rich
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1888b29a-3a1f-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Australia iron ore sector steels itselfSeptember 14, 2014 6:40 am
Australia’s iron ore producers steel themselves for casualties
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney and Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9f3235d0-3a30-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Liquidators sue Daiwa over Sanea fundsSeptember 14, 2014 1:52 pm
Liquidators sue Daiwa Capital Markets Europe over Sanea funds
By Jane Croft
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7e3db5fc-3bf2-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rs 25 000 cr Navy tender only for private sector: Defence MinistrySatya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

SMALL PRESS EXPO: Godfather of the alties Jules Feiffer finds hes a new man since leaving ManhattanA scene from Jules Feiffer’s new graphic novel, “Kill My Mother.” (Liveright)
 
THE ICON doesn’t get out so much anymore.
The legendary artist whose line of work — and work of his lines — has depended so much for so long on movement now mostly sticks to Long Island, at home, where his legs and lungs won’t betray him. He no longer eats up city blocks and park greens with his long stride, a Manhattan peregrination that forever fueled the percolation of a fiercely creative mind.
Now here, at home in the Hamptons at age 85, Jules Feiffer — the Oscar-winning, Pulitzer Prize-toting author/artist/screenwriter/playwright — humbly says he has at last learned to draw, a world away from Wall Street and worlds wars away from his ’40s artistic entree into the famed studio of graphic-novel pioneer and “The Spirit” creator Will Eisner.
And so it is not only a treat but also a prudent rarity that this weekend, Jules Feiffer will walk among us carefully in suburban Washington at the two-day Small Press Expo , where the longtime Village Voice fixture is set to be saluted and celebrated as the godfather of the alternative-weekly cartoon. (He will speak tonight at 7 at Politics & Prose .) For its 20th birthday, SPX, as it’s known, is shining a spotlight on great alt-weekly artists, including Lynda Barry , Charles Burns, Ben Katchor and Tom Tomorrow — all of whom will be in conversation with Feiffer come noon Saturday at the North Bethesda Marriott Hotel & Convention Center. And all along that panel, praise is sure to flow toward the godfather.
JULES FEIFFER (courtesy of Liveright)
“Jules Feiffer is the man who invented the genre we now call ‘alt-weekly cartooning,’ and everyone who came after him owes him an immense, unpayable debt of gratitude,” says Tom Tomorrow, the nom-de-toon of Dan Perkins, the Herblock Prize-winning creator of “This Modern World.” “Without Jules, there would probably have been no Matt Groening (“Life in Hell,” “The Simpsons”) or Lynda Barry (“Ernie Pook’s Comeek”), and there would certainly have not been a Tom Tomorrow.
“As a writer and an artist, he’s in a class by himself — a genuine American icon.”
Jules Feiffer’s newest graphic novel, “Kill My Mother.” The artist is scheduled to appear at Politics & Prose and Small Press Expo this weekend. (Liveright)
So you could say, in a way, that without a Jules Feiffer, there may not be a Homer Simpson. Yet we can definitively declare that without Feiffer, we would not have his 1961 Academy Award-winning animated short “Munro,” or his ’70s films “Carnal Knowledge” or “Little Murders” — let alone his two new works, the illustrated children’s book “Rupert Can Dance” and his latest graphic novel, the Depression-set, film noir-inspired “Kill My Mother.”
Feiffer, it seems, has tapped a new vein of prolific creativity. Turns out, the city that long ignited him had begun to dampen him, and the departure has rekindled his creativity.
“It has to do with age. I no longer live in the city — I can’t walk in the city for miles,” says the Bronx-born Feiffer, who worked in Manhattan during his near-half-century with the Village Voice. “I would come up with ideas while I walked, and sitting in the park, I would be writing scenes. And I can’t do that now. I can’t walk a block without stopping to catch a breath. It’s the lungs, the asthma. And I can’t hear [so well] anymore. I love going to the theater and going to movies — my daughter [Halley Feiffer] acts in them and writes them, but I can’t go to them.
“The city is now a challenge that beats the crap out of me,” he says by phone. “That level of masochism, I can’t take.”
Yet a chance winter stay in the Hamptons through a student of his at Stony Brook Southampton — “I discovered I loved living out here” — has brought a physical peace and an artistic rebirth.
“Sitting at my drafting table here, I’m drawing in my 80s better than in my 50s or 30s,” says Feiffer, whose loose, graceful line in his syndicated strip “Feiffer” influenced generations of artists, including “Doonesbury’s” Garry Trudeau. “My writing is as good or better than it ever was. … My earlier ambition was to be [Hall of Fame cartoonist] Milton Caniff and to be as a successful as Eisner, but I couldn’t draw like those guys — I didn’t have the facility with a brush. … I couldn’t draw backgrounds — the stuff I tried was pathetic.
“Finally at 80, I learned drawing in my own style,” Feiffer says with a laugh. “Only I know what a fraud I am.”
Feiffer jokes to acknowledge that as a teen apprentice, he was in the workday presence of groundbreaking comics legends. But after what he calls a “long adolescence,” he began finding his own footing.
“I was born in the Bronx with paranoid Jewish parents who grew up under the threat of pogroms. My mother was always afraid of her shadow,” Feiffer says. But in 1950, he hitchhiked across the country, and the journey was life-changing. “I walked into a Frank Capra movie. Everybody was smart, and there were only one or two small threats. … It just altered my sense of who I was and what I am. It changed me radically.”
A few years later, after a stint in the military, he sensed a postwar generation needed to be heard, and he found voice at the fledgling Village Voice. “It was an extraordinary time, and the Voice gave extraordinary [editorial] freedom that hadn’t existed. … There was a need for this public discourse, and I was one of the few [like satirist Mort Sahl] doing this. … My audience had assumed they didn’t have First Amendment rights.”
Feiffer took on everything from presidents to nuclear arms to the Vietnam War, his sharp satire cutting against the grain of his fluid line.
“Once I did the strip, and realized how much freedom I had, it just took off,” he says. “If the Voice hadn’t existed, I wouldn’t have had the career I had. I would be an artistic director somewhere, and I would have been miserable.”
Instead, the Voice was a springboard to theater and film and novels and graphic novels and university teaching. He is in the Comic Book Hall of Fame: is one of only three strip cartoonists ever to win the Pulitzer for Editorial Cartooning; and his papers and illustration live in the Library of Congress.
Now, just up the road from the library, Washington can appreciate the icon anew for a weekend.
“This will be the first time in quite a while I’ve traveled,” Feiffer says. “I’ve developed a bronchial condition … And about 30 to 35 percent of the time, I get the beginnings of pneumonia [when I travel].”
And then Feiffer says, with his characteristic humorous zing: “It’s one of those things, since I have an immunity system of zilch.”
MICHAEL CAVNA will appear on the SPX panel “Pro Tips: How to Get Reviewed,” Saturday at 2 p.m.
 
A page from Feiffer’s new “Rupert Can Dance.” (Farrar, Straus and Giroux)
 

West Bengal Govt to sell stake in HPL with ridersUpdated: September 13, 2014 23:52 IST
West Bengal Govt to sell stake in HPL with riders
Special Correspondent
economy, business and finance
The conditions pertain to running the plant at 100 per cent capacity in a sustainable manner.
The consummation of the Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd. (HPL) deal involving key NRI promoter Purnendu Chatterjee buying out the government stake depends on two crucial conditions that have been set.
Sources with knowledge of the development said that two points have been incorporated in the deal as a pre-condition for Mr. Chatterjee bringing in additional equity valued at around Rs.1,300 crore.
The West Bengal Government has decided to transfer its shareholding in favour of Purnendu Chatterjee’s TCG, which was also a major shareholder in the troubled HPL.
The West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation (WBIDC), which holds the government equity, would transfer its block of around 40 per cent to TCG at a price of Rs.25.1 per share. This was the price which was offered by Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) when the government invited Expression of Interest (EoI) last year to offload its equity.
IOC turned out to be the sole valid bidder in the auction but the transaction fell through as TCG moved the court over the controversial 155 million share block whose ownership is disputed.
IOC, which has an 8.3 per cent holding, withdrew from the entire process as it sensed that it would not get management control. The plant, located at Haldia, has been shut for over two months with authorities citing reasons of a technical snag.
Two crucial conditions
Two crucial conditions, which are part of the deal, pertain to running the plant at 100 per cent capacity in a sustainable manner. The Chatterjee group will infuse additional equity only if HPL is technically sound.
There is also a snag over past export obligations which are yet to be met. Customs authorities have ticked off the company for not meeting these obligations which were to be set off against naphtha which was imported at concessional duties.

PM to speak in Hindi in the UN General AssemblyMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Govt may modify IT Act to remove legal hurdles in e-commerceMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Air India plane buy: Praful Patel shouldn t shy away from probe  says Subramanian Swamy#air india #tracking the modi government #subramanian swamy #praful patel #vinod rai
New Delhi: Former civil aviation minister Praful Patel should have no hesitation in facing an inquiry over the large-scale purchase of aircraft by Air India if his conscience is clear in the matter, BJP's Subramanian Swamy said on Sunday in light of claims in that regard by ex-CAG Vinod Rai.
"There is no doubt about Rai's sincerity. I would say he (Patel) is defending himself by saying he had not taken the decision alone... So, he should not hesitate from an inquiry," Swamy said.
Rai has claimed he was under pressure to drop the name of Patel from the auditor's report on the purchase of aircraft for the public carrier. Rai had stated that Patel had nudged Air India to go in for large-scale purchase of aircraft.
"There is no doubt about Rai's sincerity. I would say he (Patel) is defending himself by saying he had not taken the decision alone... So, he should not hesitate from an inquiry," Swamy said.
The former CAG claimed that all hell broke loose when the draft CAG report reached the ministry and bureaucrats tried to prompt him to drop the word "nudge". Refuting the charge, Patel had said, "Air India Board took the decision and it was the Empowered Group of Ministers headed by P Chidambaram which decided on the number of aircraft (to be purchased) and this was approved by the Union Cabinet."
Meanwhile, on another CAG report, which has accused political leaders of misusing public money for excursions, Swamy said, "More than the loss of money... it is absolutely wrong and immoral. We have to set an example for the rest of society that we are the trustees of the funds. We should minimise expenditure." He was speaking on the sidelines of a day-long conference on 'Action Plan for National Renaissance'.
On reports of stone-pelting at armed forces in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir, Swamy said, "I have been saying it from the beginning that Kashmir should be kept under President's Rule for a year and then elections should be conducted there. The debate over Art. 370 can be taken forward and I would say it should be abolished."
Asked about reports of rift between Shiv Sena and BJP in Maharashtra over seat-sharing and the chief ministerial candidate, Swamy said, "There are minor differences in a family; It's not a big issue."
On reported incursions by Chinese in Ladakh, Swamy said, "We will have to check it. There has been no incident for the past 5-6 years. But in Aksai Chin, we have heard that their people cross over and stay on our territory for a short while. If those people come and settle in our region then it's a grave matter. But if they are not settling and just cross over by mistake, then it is not an issue." The BJP leader also said that some former MPs who have not vacated their official residences till now must do so at the earliest.
"It's been over four months since the NDA government came to power. Usually the municipal authorities give a month to vacate. And it doesn't befit former MPs to continue (occupying the residence) after they are served a notice to leave the accommodation," he said.
Asking the youth to come forward and join public life, Swamy said, "We need a very large infusion of educated youngsters in politics. We want educated people to stand on their feet. What are the qualities in educated people to participate in politics? Manmohan Singh is a very highly educated person, but he is spineless. We need a 'viraat hindustani'."

Flipkart  Snapdeal  Amazon to battle it out for Android One marketPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 04:40 PM IST
Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon to battle it out for Android One market
Competition in the booming multi billion dollar Indian smartphone market is further set to intensify with e-commerce giants Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal all set to launch Google's much-awaited sub-USD 100 (around Rs 6,000) handsets tomorrow.
Competition in the booming multi billion dollar Indian smartphone market is further set to intensify with e-commerce giants Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal all set to launch Google's much-awaited sub-USD 100 (around Rs 6,000) handsets tomorrow.
Google is launching the Android One devices in India tomorrow.
In June this year, the US-based tech giant had announced the 'Android One' initiative to bring in under-USD 100 handsets aimed at bringing the next one billion population to the Android operating system ecosystem.
While homegrown online marketplace majors Flipkart and Snapdeal will be exclusively selling Android One smartphones from Spice and Karbonn, respectively, US-based e-commerce giant Amazon's Indian arm will sell handsets from Micromax.
All the three handset makers have come out with teasers of their launch.
It is not the first time that device makers have partnered with e-commerce firms for launching their products.
Motorola and Xiaomi have successfully launched their smartphones on Flipkart, while Spice, Micromax and Intex have launched their devices on Snpdeal.
Apart from apparels, electronics -- especially mobile phones -- are one of the highest selling items on e-commerce sites.
According to research firm IDC, smartphone sales in the country grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn.
In the second quarter of 2014, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India. Though Samsung is the leader with a 29 per cent market share, Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent) and LAVA (6 per cent) are close competitors.
While Android is the dominant operating system globally, other OS' like Windows and iOS (Apple) are also gaining traction. Also, newer platforms like Firefox and Tizen may emerge as strong challengers to Google's platform.
Google's attempts to also important as it aims to capture a larger share of the entry-level segment.
Recently, Firefox (in partnership with Spice and Intex) launched two new smartphones, priced below Rs 2,300, aimed at those looking to upgrade from feature phones to smartphones.
 Advertisements

Advisory bankers catch up with traders on payLast updated: September 14, 2014 6:49 pm
Banking bonuses overtake trading rewards
By Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b07edca6-3aa5-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

E-commerce giants set to battle it out for Andoird One marketsharePrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 6:07 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 6:13 pm
Competition in the booming multibillion dollar Indian smartphone market is further set to intensify with e-commerce giants Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal all set to launch Google’s much-awaited sub-USD 100 (around Rs 6,000) handsets tomorrow.
Google is launching the Android One devices in India tomorrow.
In June this year, the US-based tech giant had announced the ‘Android One’ initiative to bring in under-USD 100 handsets aimed at bringing the next one billion population to the Android operating system ecosystem.
While homegrown online marketplace majors Flipkart and Snapdeal will be exclusively selling Android One smartphones from Spice and Karbonn, respectively, US-based e-commerce giant Amazon’s Indian arm will sell handsets from Micromax.
All the three handset makers have come out with teasers of their launch.
It is not the first time that device makers have partnered with e-commerce firms for launching their products.
Motorola and Xiaomi have successfully launched their smartphones on Flipkart, while Spice, Micromax and Intex have launched their devices on Snapdeal.
Apart from apparels, electronics — especially mobile phones — are one of the highest selling items on e-commerce sites.
According to research firm IDC, smartphone sales in the country grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn.
In the second quarter of 2014, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India. Though Samsung is the leader with a 29 per cent market share, Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent) and LAVA (6 per cent) are close competitors.
While Android is the dominant operating system globally, other OS’ like Windows and iOS (Apple) are also gaining traction. Also, newer platforms like Firefox and Tizen may emerge as strong challengers to Google’s platform.
Google’s attempts to also important as it aims to capture a larger share of the entry-level segment.
Recently, Firefox (in partnership with Spice and Intex) launched two new smartphones, priced below Rs 2,300, aimed at those looking to upgrade from feature phones to smartphones.

Misconceptions slow down organ donation inKarnatakaAccording to the ZCCK official Dr K Manjula the resistance to donating organs comes from a misconception that it will result in defacement of the cadaver donor. Source: Reuters
Written by Harsha Raj Gatty | Bangalore | Posted: September 14, 2014 6:03 pm
Despite the existence since 2007 of a co-ordination committee for post brain death organ donation in Karnataka organ transplants in the state have witnessed slow progress in the face of a number of misconceptions that still exist over donating organs like the heart, liver, lungs and kidney.
A Zonal Coordination Committee of Karnataka for Organ Transplantation (ZCCK) has since 2007 co-ordinated only 89 organ transplants while there are nearly 1382 registered patients on a waiting list for transplantation including 1053 for kidney transplants, 274 patients for liver, 28 for heart and 14 for lungs.
“Many of the patients registered in the state to receive organs die because they do not find donors,” a ZCCK official said. While the life expectancy of a person without an organ transplant will be around two years a successful transplant can increase expectancy by up to 26 years, according to experts.
According to the ZCCK official Dr K Manjula the resistance to donating organs comes from a misconception that it will result in defacement of the cadaver donor, expectations of monetary benefits and a feeling that hospitals may profit from organ donors.
In a rare cadaver organ transplant in Karnataka a 17-year-old boy from Meghalaya recently received a new heart from a donor in Chennai. Jasan Sangma, 17, had been suffering from a rare-genetic heart disease ‘Arrhythmogenic Right Ventricular Dyslplasia’ (ARVD). He underwent a transplant on August 15 with a heart donated by the family of a person who suffered brain death in Chennai.
“For two years the teenager had been suffering from sudden and abnormal electrical activity in the heart. Given his young age we took his case on a priority basis and registered him with the Zonal Coordination Committee of Karnataka for Organ Transplantation (ZCCK),” said Dr Shreesha Maiya, a cardiologist at a private Bangalore hospital where the transplant was conducted.
“Unlike liver, kidney and lungs that can survive six hours or more with appropriate storage the heart has a very narrow window of four hours between harvesting and transplant. If we breach the window period for transplant the entire exercise will be a waste. This is why transportation of organs is also a crucial factor,” a senior consultant interventional cardiologist Dr Bagirath Raghuraman said.
In Jasan Sangma’s case the cadaver heart donated in Chennai was brought to Bangalore in quick time with the help of traffic police in both cities and the co-operation of airline and medical authorities.

Don t want to be Congress s face in Delhi anymore: Sheila Dikshit#sheila dikshit #delhi #congress #bjp #aap
New Delhi: Sheila Dikshit, who served a short term as the Governor of Kerala post Congress's debacle in the Delhi Assembly elections, does not plan to become the party's face in case fresh elections were held in the national capital which is currently under President's Rule.
"No, I don't have any such plans," said Dikshit when asked if she would play an active role in Delhi politics once again.
She added, "I rule myself out of Delhi completely. I am not interested. Let the young generation take over."
The three-time CM courted a controversy recently when she said that the Bharatiya Janata Party should be given an opportunity to form government in Delhi for the good of the people. However, she defended herself saying, "I never said BJP should form Delhi government. All I said was that if they have numbers they should form the government."
The Delhi chief minister for 15 years also played down the growing rift between the young leaders and party veterans. "It cannot be youth vs seniors. There is no need for an old vs youth tussle," she said, adding however, "expertise trumps age".
She also asserted that Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi should not be solely targeted for the party's humiliating defeat in the Lok Sabha elections. "Each one of us needs to introspect what we could have done better," she said. Dikshit also added that the party needed both the leaders.
She defended former prime minister Manmohan Singh and slammed former CAG Vinod Rai for making stinging allegations against him in the 2G spectrum case. "No one has the right to blame him. Why didn't Vinod Rai raise it earlier," she questioned.
Speaking on her short stint as the Kerala Governor and the new government's decision to remove all the UPA appointed governors, Dikshit said, "The way a bureaucrat called me asking me to quit was not right. Governor is a constitutional position. I suggest that Parliament should come out with a law that when new government comes in, old governor should automatically resign. Look how they treated Kamla Beniwal. Why should transfers to North east be seen as punishment postings."

70 per cent employers to expand; mid-level talent in demand: Survey#fmcg #employers #survey #india salary  employment forecast
Mumbai: The country is likely to see high growth in the job market as 70 per cent employers plan to expand their team, a recent survey said. "India's business market is currently primed for expansion, with the recruitment market being driven by significant industry sectors such as FMCG, retail, healthcare, manufacturing and real estate. About 70 per cent of employers surveyed plan to expand their team," Michael Page's 'India Salary & Employment Forecast' for 2014-15 said.
In addition, many employers seek highly competent professionals at the mid to senior management level, with 45 per cent of surveyed employers indicating that mid-level professionals will be in highest demand in the coming year, the survey report said.
Companies are realising the value of developing employee skills and offering internal career opportunities, as senior level executives and human resources teams recognise the importance of retention strategies, the report said.
"Managing turnover will continue to provide a major challenge for employers in the next 12 months, with 51 per cent of surveyed employers expecting staff to leave their business in the coming year," it said.
"Managing turnover will continue to provide a major challenge for employers in the next 12 months, with 51 per cent of surveyed employers expecting staff to leave their business in the coming year," it said.
Companies are also implementing full-fledged diversity programmes to ensure equal opportunity for candidates irrespective of their background or gender. In the past few years, employers made strong a headway when it comes to corporate responsibility, including implementing diversity policies to provide equal opportunity to candidates from all backgrounds and genders. About 79 per cent of employers surveyed indicate that women in their organisation are provided equal opportunity to progress to executive level roles as men, the survey report said.
In terms of hiring strategies, 68 per cent of employers invest in digital assets to attract new candidates to the recruitment process, the survey said.

Sebi chief UK Sinha launches Indian Crossword League#sebi #ixl 2014 #indian crossword league #uk sinha
Mumbai: A group of enthusiasts on Sunday launched the second edition of the Indian Crossword League or IXL 2014, which will involve a combination of online and offline puzzle-solving contests.
The contest, which is open for Indians across the globe, will culminate on December 21, the 101st anniversary of the crossword, and will see 10 finalists vying to become the crossword-solving champion.
UK Sinha, chairman of capital markets regulator Sebi, launched the tournament on Sunday and also unveiled the trophy which will be given to the winner. The contest is an individual crossword-solving competition based on the round-robin format and will include 10 weekly, online rounds culminating in an offline final.
Registration for the contest has been on since August 15 and over 400 enthusiasts already have put in their names.
Registration for the contest has been on since August 15 and over 400 enthusiasts already have put in their names. The tournament, conceptualised by Bihar-cadre IAS officer Vivek Singh, saw 650 people enrolling for its maiden run last year. The organisers are confident of an increase in the numbers this year.
"Crosswords provide a creative avenue for practising not only our general knowledge and language skills but also (helps) enhance our mindfulness, concentration and sharpens our focus," Singh said.

After third beheading and warning of fourth West set to unleash war on IS militantsAfter third beheading and warning of fourth,West set to unleash war on IS militants
Reuters
Australia became the first country to detail troop numbers and aircraft for a US-led coalition fighting Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq, as Washington drummed up support for global action to counter the terrorist threat.
 
Australia prime minister Tony Abbott said on Sunday a 600-strong force comprising some 400 airforce personnel and 200 special forces soldiers would be deployed to a US military base in the United Arab Emirates.
Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
 
A task group of military advisers to assist Iraqi and other security forces fighting the militants would form part of the deployment but Abbott said he had not yet made the decision to commit troops to combat action.
 
"I have to warn the Australian people that should this preparation and deployment extend into combat operations, that this could go on for quite some time," he said in the northern city of Darwin. Abbott said Australia did not intend to operate in Syria.
 
US call for action gets support
 
A number of countries have responded to US president Barack Obama's call to join a coalition against Islamic State, but Australia is the first to publicly provide specific troop numbers and military hardware for the mission.
 
Obama is leading an effort to form a coalition of Western allies and Gulf Arab states to take on the extremist group, whose savage methods have included beheading two American journalists — James Foley and Steven Sotloff — and British aid worker David Haines.
 
British prime minister David Cameron said the militants were “not Muslims” but “monsters”. He said Britain would not shirk responsibility in fight against the IS.
 
Kerry drums up support
 
Obama announced his plans in a prime time address on Wednesday to build an alliance to root out the IS in both Syria and Iraq, plunging the US into two conflicts in which nearly every country in the Middle East has a stake.
Read: Act of pure evil, says Cameron as UK hostage beheaded
 
US secretary of state John Kerry is touring the Middle East to try to secure backing for the plan, and on Thursday won the backing for a "coordinated military campaign" from 10 Arab countries — Egypt, Iraq, Jordan, Lebanon and six Gulf states including rich rivals Saudi Arabia and Qatar.
 
However, a lack of detail on commitments from NATO allies and Turkey's reluctance to play a frontline role have highlighted the difficulty of building a willing coalition for a complex military campaign.  
 
Britain has said it supports US air strikes and Cameron has said repeatedly that Britain itself has ruled nothing out except combat troops on the ground.
 
Like Australia, Britain has delivered humanitarian aid, carried out surveillance, given weapons to Kurds and promised training in Iraq.
 
France has confirmed its commitment to use military force in Iraq, but it was unclear whether France would join strikes in Syria.
 
After the latest beheading, the French presidency said in statement, "The heinous murder of David Haines shows once again how the international community must mobilise against Daesh (the Arabic acronym for IS).” Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
Germany has said it won't take part in air strikes.
 
US officials say Kerry is also seeking permission to make more use of bases in the region and fly more warplanes overhead.
 
The region has been galvanised since June when Islamic State fighters, already in control of much of Syria, swept through northern Iraq, seizing cities, slaughtering prisoners, and proclaiming a "caliphate" that would rule over all Muslims.
 
The White House says the group is a threat to the West as well, attracting fighters from around the world who could return to carry out attacks at home.
 
"Death Cult"
 
The US resumed air strikes in Iraq in August for the first time since the withdrawal of its troops from the country in 2011.
The raids followed major gains by the IS, which has declared an Islamic caliphate in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq, as well as a series of grisly videos showing the beheading of captured Westerners.
 
The IS stirred new outrage on Saturday with a video purporting to show the beheading of British aid worker David Haines. British Prime Minister David Cameron called it "a despicable and appalling murder," and vowed to bring the killers to justice.
 
The militants have announced their next target is another British aid worker, Alan Hening.
 
Describing the IS as a "death cult", Abbott said the beheadings had made him "more resolved than ever to do what we reasonably can to disrupt, degrade and if possible, destroy this movement".
 
The Australian government on Friday raised its domestic terror alert to 'high' for the first time, citing the likelihood of terrorist attacks by Australian citizens radicalised in Iraq or Syria.
 
Up to 160 Australians have either been involved in fighting there or actively supported it, officials say, and at least 20 have returned to Australia after fighting in the Middle East and pose a national security risk.
 
Abbott said, "These terrorists and would-be terrorists are not targeting us for what we have done, or for what we might do — they are targeting us for who we are."

Madarsas give  education of terrorism : BJP MP Sakshi MaharajComments
The BJP’s MP from Unnao, Sakshi Maharaj, on Sunday accused madrasas of imparting “education of terrorism” and “breeding jihadis”.
The comments came close on the heels of another saffron-clad BJP MP, Yogi Adityanath, saying “where there are 20 to 35% of them (Muslims), communal riots take place”. Two FIRs have since been registered against the Gorakhpur MP on the election commission’s orders as the ‘hate speech’ was made in the run-up to the just concluded bypolls.
“Show me one madrasa where the national flag is unfurled on Independence or Republic Day,” Maharaj said to HT when asked about his comments. He also alleged Muslim men were “trapping” women from other communities. “Now that there is a nationalist government at the Centre, I have merely tried to highlight the threat the country faces from within,” he added.
The ruling SP and the Congress condemned the “outrageous” remarks. Muslim cleric Khalid Rasheed Firangi Mahal said, “It appears to be part of a systematic campaign to malign Muslims.”
The BJP has distanced itself from all such remarks.

Fresh rains hamper rescue ops in flood-hit KashmirFresh rains in flood-ravaged Kashmir disrupted rescue operations on Sunday as hundreds of thousands were still marooned, desperate for help after horrific devastation in the Himalayan region including neighbouring Pakistan.
Advertisement
The floods and landslides from days of heavy monsoon rains have now claimed at least 480 lives in Pakistan and India, with rescuers struggling to cope with the massive disaster.
After a few clear days, fresh rainfall accompanied by thunder and lightning hampered relief operations in the worst affected areas of Indian Kashmir's normally scenic main city of Srinagar.
Floodwaters have been subsiding in recent days but desperate residents were seen waving from rooftops and upper-storey windows of inundated buildings in a bid to attract attention.
In both India and Pakistan, security forces have been using boats and helicopters to deliver food supplies and evacuate survivors.
"The weather is very bad. We have had to halt our operations for some time and we are waiting for the weather to clear," Indian air force spokesperson Gerard Galway told AFP.
"We are hopeful that we should be back to efforts as soon as the weather clears," Galway added.
Syed Abid Rasheed Shah, a state administrator, said the fresh rainfall also posed problems for scores of flood victims without any proper shelter, and also fuelled concerns over water-borne diseases.
Shah told the Press Trust of India news agency that in some places people were in tents which were not water proof, but he added that relief efforts would continue despite the rain.
In Indian Kashmir, there was anger over slow rescue efforts. Some rescuers had been attacked, although now such incidents had reportedly diminished.
The Indian government estimates at least 200 people died and 142,000 people have been rescued in the restive region Kashmir where militants have been fighting Indian rule since the late 1980s.
Some 137 relief camps were operating in the Kashmir valley alone assisting over 100,000 people, officials said.
Pakistan, which has suffered a series of annual flood diasters, says as many as 2.29 million people have been affected.
Some 280 people have died from the heavy rains and flooding in the Punjab, Kashmir and Gilgit Baltistan regions, Ahmed Kamal, a spokesman for the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), told AFP, while over 214,000 people had been evacuated.

Audit should not be dampener for pvt cos: ManmohanA Raja
(Former Prime Minister Manmohan…)
NEW DELHI: As CAG found Reliance Industries was being favoured in gas exploration deal to the government's detriment, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh told the then top auditor Vinod Rai that audit should not hurt the private sector and RIL was one of the biggest and most respected.
"Our refrain was that every time matters were settled between the government and the operator (RIL), it was to the government's detriment," Rai has said, while talking about the government-ordered audit by Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of KG-basin blocks awarded to an RIL consortium.
Elaborating on the matter, which had snowballed into a major controversy with CAG accusing RIL of not being given access to books of accounts required for this audit, Rai said during one of his meetings Singh "felt that audit should not act as a dampener on the enthusiasm of the private sector to partner with the government".
"The Prime Minister was very emphatic that Reliance was one of our largest, most respected and best-known companies possessing a global reach. Reliance, therefore, had the professional and financial capability to undertake such large projects and compete in global bids," Rai said.
The former CAG, whose comments in his new book about Singh's role during 2G spectrum and coal block allocations have already created a flutter, said that he agreed with the then Prime Minister and told him that that auditor generals in all democracies audit such public-private partnerships and do not comment on any "private party making only normal profits".
"However, it was the government that had taken the step to invite CAG to conduct audit, ostensibly with the objective of assuring the public and the Parliament that its interest were being adequately protected," Rai has written in the book titled 'The Diary of the Nation's Conscience Keeper -- Not Just an Accountant'.
Talking further about this particular audit in a chapter titled 'A slippery deal: Gas exploration', Rai said the management committee for these blocks had no voice in the operational control of the exploration and production operations" and therefore the government could not influence capital or any expenditure patterns.
There had been allegations of 'gold-plating' worth billions of dollars by RIL in this project, while it has also been alleged that the contract was biased towards the company.
"Not only was the PSC (Production Sharing Contract) stipulation not well suited to the government interests, but the intensity of over-sighting exercised by the government officials to protect officials to protect government revenue also appeared to be very lax.
"Every time the operator made claims, it was acceded to by the management committee, DGH (Directorate General of Hydrocarbons) or MoPNG (Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas). Each time it was acceded to, the action was detrimental to government interest," Rai said.
He also rejected apprehensions that CAG did not have technical knowledge in such technical areas and its auditors had worked in the supreme audit authorities of Oman and its oil exploration agency.
"These auditors were auditing exactly what would be defined as NELP-type models in India. If these auditors could acquire knowledge to audit issues of the International Atomic Energy Agency and highly specialised scientific and defence installations, gas exploration would not be rocket science to them. Indeed, they had already mastered rocket science," he said.
About CAG audit that generated a major controversy with regard to second-generation spectrum allocation, Rai said that a "template response" was given by the Prime Minister to the then telecom minister A Raja , showing a "distanced dealing of the issue".
"Unbelievably, the Prime Minister chose to ignore the red flags of deviation from policy, and questionable facts and figures offered by the minister (Raja)," Rai said.
"It is obvious from the exchange of these letters that the Prime Minister was indeed aware of Raja's attention as far back as November/December 2007. He chose, for reasons which can only be speculated, to ignore the warning signals. He failed to direct his minister to follow his advice...".
"Mr Prime Minister, people wonder, if you were indeed convinced that spectrum allocation should be transparent, what prevented you from executing your wishes? Had you, in fact, stood steadfastly by your beliefs, the fate of UPA II might have been different. In fact, the fate of Indian economy itself might have been very different," Rai has written.
Raising questions about the way "a leader is foisted upon us", Rai also said that it was not because of his proven leadership qualities or dynamism, "but by virtue of his loyalty to an organisation or its high command."
The ex-CAG has raised similar concerns about selection of top bureaucrats, saying it was mostly decided on the basis of number of years served in the establishment.
About Commonwealth Games scam , Rai said the preparations for such a high-profile sporting event was being done like a "Punjabi baraat" and not on the basis of professionalism, while the government, from its highest echelons, was not just prescribing "jugaad, but applauding it too".
On Air India, Rai said the national carrier purchased aircraft at a price of Rs 1,300 crore each in 2005, but sold them within five years at roughly Rs 427 crore each to Etihad.
Detailing the bad financial position of the national carrier, Rai pointed out that the first airline of the country -- Tata Airmail -- earned a profit in its first year of operation. This was later rechristened as Tata Airlines, which eventually got nationalised and became Air India in 1953.
Regarding coal allocation issue, Rai said the "coal mining saga is a remarkable case study of people in power who, when provided the mantle to lead, faltered the moment a challenge arose".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Growth and investment: the interlinksGrowth and investment: the interlinks
C RANGARAJAN
Tweet
Gunnar Pippel/shutterstock.com
Speedy completion of projects is the short term answer, but long term growth can only happen with higher savings
A review of India’s saving and investment behaviour over the last decade provides some interesting insights on the growth performance over this period.
Growth performance falls into two distinct periods, marked by high growth over the first eight-year period followed by a sudden and sharp decline in the last two years.
India’s annual growth rate over the eight-year period beginning 2004-05 was 8.2 per cent. The average for the next two years was 4.6 per cent.
The difference in performance is even more striking in relation to manufacturing. The average annual growth rate in manufacturing in the first eight years was a little over 9 per cent. In the last two years, growth was negligible at an average rate of 0.2 per cent (Table 1).
How much of this difference in growth performance is explained by changes in the levels of saving and investment?
Behviour of saving
Detailed data on saving are available only up to 2012-13. Domestic saving rate rose from 32.4 per cent of GDP in 2004-05 to reach a peak of 36.8 per cent in 2007-08 (Table 2).
Thereafter, it started declining and touched a low of 30.1 per cent in 2012-13. During the later period, there was a perceptible decline in the saving of the public sector.
It fell from 5.0 per cent of GDP to 1.2 per cent. Within public sector, saving of government administration fell from 0.5 per cent in 2007-08 to (–) 1.9 per cent in 2012-13. This was a period marked by high revenue deficit.
The saving of the private corporate sector fell from 9.4 per cent to 7.1 per cent.
However, the saving of the household sector showed only a minor change declining from 22.4 per cent in 2007-08 to 21.9 per cent in 2012-13. But the composition of household sector saving underwent a big change.
Saving in financial assets declined from 11.6 per cent to 7.1 per cent while saving in physical assets increased from 10.8 per cent to 14.8 per cent. Thus, while in the first four years beginning 2004-05, the saving rate rose sharply, subsequently it started declining particularly because of a sharp decline in public sector and corporate saving.
However, it needs to be borne in mind even after such a decline the saving rate in 2012-13 was high. If the investment is the driver of growth, saving provide the wherewithal for the creation of investment. That is why saving plays a crucial role in the growth process particularly in a developing economy.
Behaviour of investment
Gross capital formation which is the technical term used for investment comprises of three elements, Gross Fixed Capital Formation, Change in Stocks and Valuables.
The gross capital formation rate after reaching a peak of 38 per cent in 2007-08 declined to 34.7 per cent in 2012-13 (Table 3).
The decline in investment rate during the period is less than the decline in the saving rate because of the rise in the current account deficit which amounts to net inflow of resource from abroad.
Focusing our attention on gross fixed capital formation rate, it rose from 28.7 per cent of GDP in 2004-05 to 32.9 per cent in 2007-08 and then declined to 30.4 per cent in 2012-13.
The public sector gross fixed capital formation rose from 6.9 per cent in 2004-05 to reach a peak of 8.0 per cent in 2007-08 and it stood at 7.8 per cent in 2012-13. This decline was negligible.
The household sector investment continued to rise throughout the period. In fact the peak was reached in 2011-12 at 15.2 per cent. In 2012-13, it stood at 14.1 per cent.
However, the private corporate sector investment rate rose from 9.1 per cent in 2004-05 and reached a peak of 14.3 per cent in 2007-08 and thereafter declined sharply to 8.5 per cent in 2012-13.
Thus through the decade, public sector investment rate and household sector investment rate remained unchanged at a high level. It was only the corporate sector investment which traced a path similar to growth performance of rising sharply in the first four years and thereafter declining slowly but falling very steeply in 2012-13.
While the ratio of gross fixed capital formation to GDP varied in a narrow range from 2007-08 onwards, the growth rate of fixed capital investment in constant prices showed a sharp decline in the last two years (Table 4).
Two things stand out from the analysis of investment behaviour.
First, fixed investment rate by the corporate sector which is most productive, declined sharply in the latter period.
The decline from the peak was as high as 5.8 per cent. Second, the decline in the overall gross fixed investment rate was modest.
From the peak, it fell only by 2.5 per cent. In 2012-13, the rate stood at 30.4 per cent (While detailed data are not available, the overall rate is estimated to have declined further to 28.4 per cent in 2013-14.)
The decline in the growth rate is much sharper than the decline in the investment ratio which calls for a different explanation for the growth slowdown other than the fact of a decline in investment rate.
The way forward
The sharp decline in corporate investment rate has attracted much attention. The decline has been attributed to many factors.
The weakening of investment sentiment is traced to certain policy decisions and more particularly to the one relating to the retrospective application of tax changes.
This particular decision has weighed heavily on the corporate sector. Strong efforts are needed to allay unnecessary fears.
Rebuilding confidence has to be an important part of policy. A second reason attributed is the tight monetary policy.
Given the high level of inflation, the monetary authorities had little choice. It is overlooked that in a period of declining ratio of household saving in financial assets, higher fiscal deficit automatically puts pressure on interest rate.
As inflation comes down, the monetary authorities may have greater room for relaxing.
A decline in the efficiency of the use of capital is evident. With an investment rate of around 30 per cent of GDP and an incremental capital output ratio of 4:1 which has been the observed ratio in the recent past, the growth rate should have been around 7.5 per cent.
On the other hand, the actual growth rate turned out to be below 5 per cent. Obviously, this implies a steep rise in the incremental capital-output ratio.
This may be because projects have not been completed in time or complementary investments have not been made.
A delay in the completion of projects will mean that output is not flowing even after significant amount of investment has been made on a project.
The delay in the generation of output out of investment made in one sector may also be caused by the lack of adequate investment in related or complementary sectors.
For example, an increase in capacity creation in the power sector must be matched by appropriate increases in investment in the coal sector. Inadequate output out of investments could also be due to non-availability of critical inputs.
Many power plants, for example, remain idle because of the non-availability of gas. An early completion of projects will also demand certain policy decisions.
Issues relating to environment and land acquisition have assumed greater urgency.
Obviously, we cannot ignore environmental concerns but we need to work out a suitable compromise between the compulsions of growth and concerns for environment.
The fact that even today saving and investment rates are at high levels despite having declined from a much higher level reassures us that if we are able to find ways to complete projects speedily, we shall be able to usher in rapid growth in income even in the short run. This should enable us to grow between 7 and 7.5 per cent in the short run.
However, only a return to higher levels of saving and investment can take us back to the growth rate of 9 per cent.
The writer is former Chairman of the Economic Advisory Council to the Prime Minister
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Mary Kom packs a punchMary Kom packs a punch
Jinoy Jose P
A feminist film that, however, ducks the North East question
September 12, 2014:  
Set aside the preachy patriotism and subdued reference to the politics of the North East for a bit: the sports biopic Mary Kom, directed by Omung Kumar, is one that every Indian should watch — especially Indian men. Of course, there’s nothing new about sport on celluloid. Chak De India and Bhag Milkha Bhag are just two good examples of films in this genre. But Mary Kom is different. It is a feminist movie sans sloganeering.
Kumar's depiction of Kom, brought to life on screen by Priyanka Chopra, brings out the turbulence in the boxer's life and career in a way that many women in India, donning myriad roles professionally and personally, can easily empathise with. It’s also the story of a woman from a place that is disturbingly marginalised, who struggles to make the cut in a typically merciless world.
And in that long fight she finds support from someone most Indian women barely find a pillar of strength -- Onler Kom, her husband. Of course, there are supporting hubbies. But a husband who lets the wife pursue her professional ambitions at the cost of his career or comfort is a rarity. The film also looks at the treatment of women athletes in India.
Mary Kom deals with a twin limitation: She is a woman and hails from the North East. The film does not tackle head-on that disturbing political question: the treatment of the North East by the mainland. There is no grand narrative of dissidence and, as many reports have pointed out, it has got a few facts wrong on the geography and sociology of Manipur. Given that the lives of people from this part of the country, unlike many of their southern or even northern counterparts, are enmeshed in the politics of the region (how to engage with hegemonic ‘India’), the film’s apparent omission of the political is a drawback. It succumbs to a degree of stereotyping of the protagonists. Yet, Mary Kom is an inspiring film on the life of a boxer who is a mother to twins and fought her way up taking on odds that many women, and even men, in India would never dare challenge.
Assistant Editor

Positive on auto sector over medium to long termauto ancillary
("We do expect the reforms…)
In an interview with ET Now, Devendra Nevgi, CEO of ZyFin Advisors, talks about the market and shares his macroeconomic outlook. Excerpts:
ET Now: This entire week we saw that the area around 8200 on the Nifty was definitely turning out to be a bit of hurdle for the market. Is valuation an issue in your view?
Devendra Nevgi: It is a story of hope versus realism. The market started rallying on the hope of a stable government and the stable government actually came in.
There was big hope of big ticket reforms. Unfortunately some of the reforms, which were widely expected by the street, have not yet come in to a larger extent. Short-term investors tend to be a little myopic too. They are a little hesitant to wait for the structural reforms to come in.
There are a couple of changes in the global geopolitical scenario too. The hope of the rate rises in the US has also put some breaks on the rally. Also, very clearly there has been a little slowdown in the foreign flows too. It clearly explains the short-term range-bound market.
We do expect the reforms to set in as well as the investment cycle to revive and the GDP growth to happen in the medium term, but not immediately.
ET Now: Crude and base metal prices have come off. Do you see that as a big positive for India?
Devendra Nevgi: These are purely high beta and cyclical stocks, and the base metals will be driven completely by the perception on the GDP growth and the IIP. From a sector perspective, it is very important to understand that there has not been any large revision of earnings. If the growth comes back, these sectors will again be back in demand, but temporarily volatility cannot be avoided.
ET Now: If you look at the week gone by, you did not see much as far as the benchmarks go. But the midcap and the small cap companies have really managed to outperform. Do you see this continuing?
Devendra Nevgi: Some of the rally in midcaps was driven completely by hope. The hope leads to more flows, whether it is local or domestic. The flows lead to PE expansion and if the PE expansion is not followed by earnings growth or at least the earnings revision, the stocks tend to become a little expensive.
The rising tide has taken up every midcap stock in the country. The key for the investors is to understand that right now the midcap rally is completely based on hope and if the earnings do not catch up, there could be some correction there
ET Now: Auto stocks have been delivering in terms of auto sales as well as numbers. Even auto ancillary stocks are catching up in terms of valuations and the run up commentary from SIAM has been pretty good. What is your own positioning on auto and auto ancillary?
Devendra Nevgi: The auto sector , broadly for the last couple of months, is showing good indications on an off take. There are some positive growth numbers coming in. Unfortunately the August sentiment survey on the auto sentiment buying was a little negative and we hope that this is only a monthly phenomena. But from a broader perspective, both auto and auto ancillary will definitely benefit out of the Indian growth recovery. We are reasonably positive on the sector in the medium to long term.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Paying EMIs Regularly  But Should Know ThisYou are here: Home Your Money
Five Factors That Impact Your Cibil Score
Creditvidya.com | Updated On: September 14, 2014 12:57 (IST)
Wealthy Indians Prefer Second Home in London, New York: Report
With banks and RBI becoming more and more stringent about the loan eligibility of borrowers, you are probably aware by now that it is imperative for you to have a good Cibil score in order to qualify for a loan with an attractive rate of interest.
In order to obtain a good Cibil score you need to maintain a good credit history, the details of which will show up in your Cibil report. The Cibil score can therefore be compared to a grade or a rank based on how you have been servicing your credit.
Now that you know the link between your credit history and credit score you are naturally keen to do all you can to keep your Cibil credit score as high as possible. But have you ever wondered what goes into the constitution of your Cibil score? Here is a lowdown on the factors that have the greatest impact on your Cibil score.
1. Your repayment history (35%): The first and most important thing that impacts your credit score is your repayment history and accounts for 35 per cent of your credit score. You need to clear all your bills and loan repayments well within the dates stipulated in order to maintain a good repayment history. Even a single default has a negative impact on your score.
2.What you owe your lenders (30%): There are two basic considerations when it comes to calculating what you owe your lenders -- referred to as credit utilization. First is the total of your credit card limits sanctioned to you and secondly the percentage of your money you are utilising. Hence your credit utilisation ratio is calculated as balance outstanding on all your credit cards as a percentage of total credit limits on all your credit cards. If your credit utilisation ratio is upward, your profile is considered to be "risky".
3. How long have you been servicing debt (15%): This may come as a surprise, but the amount of time for which you have been using credit also has an important bearing on your credit score. Therefore, if you have been servicing debt for a longer period of time and handling it responsibly, i.e. by making timely repayments etc., it is going to have a positive impact on your Cibil score.
4. The amount of new credit you have taken or applied for (10%): Every time you apply for a new credit such as a loan, credit card etc., the banks and other financial institutions run an inquiry on your Cibil report to check your credit history to find out about your financial health and repayment capability. If there have been too many such inquiries on your Cibil report, it has a negative bearing on your credit score. This factor has a 10 per cent weightage when it comes to calculating your credit score.
5. The mix of credit (10%): Even though ours is primarily an EMI led generation, Indians are by nature averse to the idea of credit. So if you have been avoiding credit like the plague and have a single type of credit, you cannot have a good credit score, especially if you have only unsecured loans like credit cards or a personal loan. This factor has a bearing of 10 per cent on your Cibil score. In order to score high on this ground, you must have a healthy mix of credit comprising of secured and unsecured loans and have ability to service them well in time. Those with a mix of various credit types such as mortgage, personal loan, car loan, credit card etc. is likely to score higher than those who have a single type of credit.
Now that you know what goes into the constitution of your credit score, you can use this information to find out the areas in which you are lagging and thus improve your credit score. A good credit score will ensure that you get a loan without any hassles at best interest rates when you really need one.
Disclaimer: All information in this article has been provided by Creditvidya.com and NDTV Profit is not responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the same.
Story first published on: September 13, 2014 11:34 (IST)

Obama condemns "barbaric murder" of British aid worker by ISPress Trust of India | Washington | Posted: September 14, 2014 9:18 am
US President Barack Obama has condemned the “barbaric murder” of a British citizen by terrorist group Islamic State, which in the recent weeks has killed two American journalists. “The United States strongly condemns the barbaric murder of UK citizen David Haines by the terrorist group ISIL. Our hearts go out to the family of Mr Haines and to the people of the United Kingdom,” Obama said in a statement.
The IS extremists released a video showing the beheading of aid worker Haines, who was abducted in Syria last year. British Prime Minister David Cameron confirmed Haines’ death in a statement late yesterday after the British Foreign Office had said earlier that it was “working urgently to verify the video. He condemned his slaying as “an act of pure evil”.
“The United States stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve,” said the US President after the ISIL posted a video on social media about the killing of the British citizen. “We will work with the United Kingdom and a broad coalition of nations from the region and around the world to bring the perpetrators of this outrageous act to justice, and to degrade and destroy this threat to the people of our countries, the region and the world,” Obama said.
In the ISIL video released yesterday, a masked person was shown beheading Haines and threatened that another British national would soon be beheaded. Islamic State militants recently beheaded two American journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff, and posted the videos online after the US began launching airstrikes in Iraq.

Why You May be Denied a Job for Your Social Media PostsBuying a Car? Advantage Petrol Says Crisil
New Delhi: Social media has emerged as a major background check tool for employers and nearly 68 per cent of them decide against hiring individuals after finding negative details about them, according to findings of a survey.
As many as 59 per cent employers are currently using social media to research on job candidates, while another 33 per cent are planning to access the platform soon, the survey by job site CareerBuilder India said.
According to the survey, 68 per cent employers who research job candidates on social media have found 'content' that caused them not to hire the individual.
The findings of the survey were based on responses by top 1,200 corporates in the country.
Moreover, about 75 per cent of employers were observed to be also using search engines such as Google to research potential job candidates, the survey showed.
The most common reasons for employers to reject a job aspirant were that the candidate lied about his qualifications (50 per cent), had poor communications skills (50 per cent), posted provocative or inappropriate photographs or information (47 per cent) or shared confidential information of previous employer (42 per cent).
Among other reasons, the applicants had posted details about their drinking or drug habits (38 per cent), were linked to criminal behaviour (35 per cent) or had bad-mouthed their previous company or fellow employees (32 per cent).
"It's vital for job seekers to remember that much of what they post to the Internet - and equally importantly, what others post about them - can be found by prospective employers, and that can affect their chances of getting hired down the road," CareerBuilder HR vice president Rosemary Haefner said.
"Job seekers need to stay vigilant, and pay attention to privacy updates from all of their social networking accounts so they know what information is available for others to see," she said.
Meanwhile, many employers surveyed said they were likely to hire the candidate if they found on social media platform that the individual's background supported his/her professional qualifications, his/her personality was clearly a good fit within the company culture, he/she had great communication skills, was creative and had a wide range of interests, among others.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 11:25 (IST)

Industrial projects to get clearance within ...You are here: Home > Collections > Fdi
Industrial projects to get security clearance within 12 weeks
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 02.26PM IST
Tags:
FDI
(The decision has been taken…)
NEW DELHI: Industrial and infrastructure project proposals will get security clearance within 12 weeks as the Home Ministry has streamlined the process by issuing a detailed guideline in this regard.
The decision has been taken as part of the Narendra Modi government's push for attracting FDI for infrastructure projects and setting up of industries, which is expected to create jobs, revive economy and bring overall growth.
"A detailed guidelines has been issued to streamline the process of granting security clearance for proposals relating to infrastructure which will result in expeditious clearance of proposals from security point of view," a Home Ministry official said.
Under the new guidelines, the Home Ministry will decide on security clearances for any project forwarded by any Ministry or Department within a strict time-frame of 12 weeks.
If there is any "adverse" comments by the security agencies for any project, the Home Ministry will share it with the nodal Ministry or Department compulsorily.
However, in case of extraordinary situation, the Ministry will convey to the promoter the reasons for delay and expected time for clearing the nod.
The Home Ministry will also actively pursue with the intelligence agencies, which collect the background information about the promoters, source of funds and funding pattern, so that they provide their inputs on time.
In 2013, a total of 42 FDI proposals in strategic sectors like aviation, telecom , infrastructure were received by the Home Ministry for security clearance and 27 of them had been cleared while in 2012, 36 FDI proposals were received for security clearance and 33 of these were granted clearance.
Industries often complaint of delay in getting security clearance which some time took as long as six months to one year. Power, Surface Transport, Shipping were some of the sectors whose security clearance took months.
The Prime Minister's Office is said to be closely monitoring the exercise to streamline the process of granting security clearance as delay in giving approval to various projects has been considered as a "major bottleneck" for the timely completion of various industrial initiatives.
FEATURED ARTICLES

AAP to launch youth wing on Sept 27AAP to launch youth wing on Sept 27
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
In a bid to give some structural shape to its fledgling organisation, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has decided to set up a youth wing, which will be formally launched on September 27, coinciding with the 107th birth anniversary of revolutionary freedom fighter Bhagat Singh.
A few months ago, AAP had launched a separate women’s wing.
The objective behind setting a youth wing is to “further increase the youthful vigour of this young political party, and taking the idea of clean politics effectively to the people,” the party said in a release, adding that it will be known as Aam Aadmi Party Youth Wing.
In its first preparatory meeting with the party’s national convenor Arvind Kejriwal recently, the AAP Youth Wing decided to focus on unemployment, women’s safety and key issues concerning the youth and students of the country.
For starters, the party will start a membership drive in Delhi to enroll those under 35 years.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

BJP acknowledges Ramdev s countrywide campaign during LS polls: Amit ShahMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Hyderabad belongs to everybody  says Venkaiah NaiduMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Sheila Dikshit slams NDA for nudging UPA-appointed governors to quit#tracking the modi government #upa #nda #sheila dikshit #governors
New Delhi: Attacking the NDA government for "forcing" UPA-appointed governors to quit, former Kerala Governor and three-time Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit on Sunday said that the new dispensation targeted the holders of the constitutional office "selectively" and "humiliated" them which does not auger well for democracy.
76-year-old Dikshit, who was appointed Kerala Governor by the UPA government in March just before the code of conduct for Lok Sabha polls came into force, said a senior bureaucrat of central government had called her and asked for her
resignation.
"The governors must be treated with respect. It is a very dignified and constitutional position," she said.
"The governors must be treated with respect. It is a very dignified and constitutional position. They targeted the governors selectively. It was humiliation of the holders of the constitutional office which is not good for democracy," she said.
Dikshit said that if governors should resign when a new dispensation comes to power at the Centre, then a new law providing for such a provision should be enacted. "I was not thinking about myself. I was only concerned about prestige of the constitutional offices. If governors should go when a new government comes to power at the Centre, then there should be a law. "Parliament should enact a law providing for resignation of governors when a new government takes office," Dikshit said.
Critical of the NDA government, Dikshit said transferring Kamla Beniwal from the gubernatorial post in Gujarat to Mizoram and then sacking her reflected a "total disregard" for the prestigious office by the NDA government.
"Why postings in the Northeast are seen as punishment postings," Dikshit asked. 87-year-old Beniwal, the former Gujarat Governor, who had a running battle with Narendra Modi when he was the state's Chief Minister, was removed just two months before her tenure was due to end.
Asked whether she was told about any imminent transfer if she did not quit as Kerala Governor, Dikshit replied in the negative. Dikshit had quit as Kerala Governor on August 25 and had become the eighth governor to have resigned since the Modi government came to power on May 26.
Six UPA-appointed Governors--K Sankaranarayanan (Maharashtra), MK Narayanan (West Bengal), Ashwani Kumar (Nagaland), BL Joshi (UP), BV Wanchoo (Goa) and Shekhar Dutt (Chhattisgarh)--have already resigned after being nudged by
the NDA government.

Manjhi attacks Sushil Modi on medicalscamPrint
PTI | Patna | Posted: September 14, 2014 6:32 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 6:33 pm
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi today attacked senior BJP leader and former deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi over his remarks on the medical scam in the state and said he was indulging in it to derive political mileage by implicating senoir leaders of his own party in it.
“Modi is deliberately speaking about medical scam. He knows that other senior leaders of his party like Nand Kihsore Yadav, Chandra Mohan Rai, Ashwini Choubey and others, who could pose a challenge to him, will be implicated in it. He thinks this will make his political career obstacle-free and it will shine brightly,” Manjhi said.
The Chief Minister was talking to media persons on the sidelines of a seminar organised by a civil society organisation on ‘Role of public private partnership mode in education and development in Bihar’.
“(Sushil) Modi thinks if he keeps speaking on the issue (medical scam) then the involvement of his rivals within the party will come to light. The internal politics of BJP is behind whatever Modi is saying,” Manjhi added.
He also used the opportunity to once again defend senior JD(U) leader and former chief minister Nitish Kumar, whom Modi is relentlessly targeting in the Rs 25 crore financial irregularities detected by Accountant General (Audit) so far in the purchase of medicines, medical equipment and infrastructure.
The senior BJP leader has been alleging that the scam happened when Kumar was also holding the charge of the health portfolio.
“There is no question of Nitish Kumar being involved in the scam. There is no hand of him in all this because the scam is not of the period when he was in charge of the Health Department,” added Manjhi.

Nuclear Liability: Centre asks GIC to work on insurance plan for reactorsMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

40  I do s  at Vatican as Pope Francis marries 20 couplesVATICAN CITY, September 14, 2014
Updated: September 14, 2014 19:55 IST
40 'I'do's' at Vatican as Pope Francis marries 20 couples
AP
AP Newly-married couples attend a wedding ceremony led by Pope Francis in St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican on Sunday.
TOPICS
Forty “I do’s” or “Si” in Italian have been pronounced in St. Peter’s Basilica as Pope Francis married 20 couples, with one bride already a mother.
Francis in his homily on Sunday likened families to the “bricks that build society.”
Among the couples, all from the Rome area, was one in which the groom’s first marriage was annulled by the church and the bride has a daughter she had while an unmarried woman in an earlier relationship.
Francis said marriage was “real life, not some TV show.” He told couples to expect conflicts but that Jesus’ love would help them when love runs out. Church teaching opposes divorce.

BJP workers don t want seat-sharing talks with Sena  says Madhav Bhandari#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bjp #shiv sena #modi wave #uddhav thackeray #madhav bhandari
Mumbai: Angry over Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's comments to allegedly "demean" Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Maharashtra BJP unit on Sunday said that its workers do not want any further seat-sharing talks between the two alliance partners for the next month's Assembly polls.
"The comments made by him (Uddhav Thackeray) were to demean Narendra Modi. Maharashtra BJP has strongly criticised and condemned the comments made by him. Our workers are insisting and pressurising the leadership to stop the talks between the two parties and find our own way now," BJP state unit spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said. Uddhav had said on Saturday that the Modi wave had failed to show up in several states and that the BJP's victory in the recent Lok Sabha polls should be attributed not only to Modi, but its alliance partners as
well.
Bhandari expressed confidence that the next government in the state will be formed under the BJP's leadership.
In the Lok Sabha polls, Uddhav said, people voted for a 'face' (Modi) for a change and Shiv Sena's contribution in the victory in Maharashtra cannot be ignored. "Did the Modi wave show in Tamil Nadu, Punjab, Orissa and West Bengal? It depends on alliance partners as well. Modi is Prime Minister of our alliance," he had said.
Bhandari alleged that this was not the first time the Sena chief had made "derogatory" comments about Prime Minister Modi and remarked that it is the grassroot workers who make the leadership take final decisions.
"The workers want all talks to end...And leadership finally listens to its grassroot workers because it is they who do all the ground work.. All our leaders have evolved from workers," he said.
Bhandari expressed confidence that the next government in the state will be formed under the BJP's leadership. "The next government in Maharashtra post elections will be formed under the leadership of the BJP. Our national president (Amit Shah) had made this very clear while on his trip to Mumbai. And his decision is final," he said.

Punjab: Centre s decision on new paddy norms anti-farmer  says Congress#punjab #congress #ppcc #parkash singh badal #tracking the modi government #farmers #punjab government
Chandigarh: Punjab Congress on Sunday flayed the Centre's decision fixing new norms about paddy procurement and milling as "anti-farmer" step. State Congress chief Partap Singh Bajwa in a statement strongly opposed to decision of the Centre to bring down the paddy moisture content limit from 15 to 14 per cent, saying "this would adversely affect both farmers as well as the millers" of Punjab.
"Even earlier, the procurement agencies had been rejecting paddy on the slight pretext of higher moisture content. Moreover, this will create further complications for the rice millers as milling will not be conducive under the new norms," he claimed.
The Congress leader expressed the apprehension that due to recent heavy rains in the region, the moisture content was likely to be higher and it would take more time to dry the paddy.
The PPCC chief said that yet another decision that would directly hit the millers was the reduction in the paddy milling period by about two months.
The PPCC chief said that yet another decision that would directly hit the millers was the reduction in the paddy milling period by about two months. "Earlier, the time limit set for the paddy milling was June 30 which had now been brought down to April 15. With the amount of paddy coming to the markets in this state, it will be impossible for the millers to complete this job during this curtailed period," he stated.
He criticised Chief Minister Parkash Singh Badal "for not raising his voice against these decisions. "Why is Badal not raising voice..., he has been promising people that the change in the government at the Centre will end all alleged discrimination by the UPA government and the state would usher in a new era," Bajwa said.

China ready to meet  half way ; asks India to boost efficiency#tracking the modi government #india #china #xi jinping
Dushanbe: Ahead of President Xi Jinping's visit, China has sought "work efficiency" in India and welcomed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's efforts to push reforms to spur economic growth, saying it was "ready to meet India halfway" in its quest for development and prosperity.
Foreign Minister Wang Yi said that China was all set to sign pacts providing for major investment in infrastructure projects in India including industrial parks and railway networks during Xi's visit beginning September 17 while expressing confidence that the trip will elevate the bilateral ties to a "new level".
"Of course we look forward to reforms. Economic reform is in India's own interests. We can tell that Prime Minister Modi is pushing ahead with the reforms. If you insist on me mentioning one area, we hope you raise your efficiency of work," he said when asked to identify areas for reform to boost Chinese investments in India.
China's foreign exchange reserves, the largest in the world, reached a record $3.95 trillion in March and it plans to invest around $500 billion overseas in the next five years, a share of which is expected to find India's way.
China's foreign exchange reserves, the largest in the world, reached a record $3.95 trillion in March and it plans to invest around $500 billion overseas in the next five years, a share of which is expected to find India's way. 60-year-old Xi, who took over as the head of the ruling Communist Party in 2012 and President and military chief in March last year, had been sending clear signals of boosting bilateral relations with India and is likely to make major announcements about Chinese investment in India's infrastructure sector.
"We can feel the strong desire of the new government of India led by Prime Minister Modi to strengthen China-India relationship. Probably, this is fully in line with the fundamental interests and wishes of India as a nation and its
people," Wang said.
Welcoming efforts by Modi to bring a new momentum in the Indian economy, he called for joining of hands by the "two major markets" in the world to chart a new course of growth in Asia while and said the "highly complicated" boundary dispute should not be allowed to hamper bilateral relations.
"Our overall thinking is that China and India, as two big neighbours, as two big markets and as two of the world's major civilizations should unite for even closer cooperation so that together we can usher in a new path of growth and development for Asia in the 21st Century," Wang said.
Calling for greater cooperation in key areas, he said that the time has come for China and India to seek joint development and prosperity so that together both the countries could contribute to peace and prosperity of the humanity.
"We are ready to meet India halfway and echo India's efforts and we have full confidence that under leadership of Prime Minister Modi, China-India relations will enjoy even broader prospects," Wang said. Wang identified trade imbalance between the two countries as a major issue and underlined the need to address it.

Centre assures all-out health care assistance to flood-hit J&K#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #tracking the modi government #harsh vardhan #omar abdullah
Srinagar: Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan on Sunday said that all assistance will be provided to the state health authorities to tackle any possible epidemic in the aftermath of the devastating floods.
Vardhan was speaking at a meeting held with Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and senior officers at Hari Niwas to review the ongoing relief operations in the state, an official spokesman said.
The Union Minister took a detailed review of the health related relief measures and also took stock of essential medicines and other health care facilities provided. The Chief Minister sought central assistance to restore the health infrastructure affected due to floods and also to carry out an extensive measles vaccination programme for vulnerable age group of 0 to 15 years.
The Union Minister took a detailed review of the health related relief measures and also took stock of essential medicines and other health care facilities provided.
He also informed that almost 50 lakh chlorine tablets have been received in the state and mobile purification plants are being used to provide safe drinking water to the people. The authorities have been directed to press into service more pumps for dewatering and taking appropriate preventive measures to check any epidemic outbreak, Omar said.
Vardhan was also apprised that supplies of emergency medicines have been dispatched to various district hospitals. The Health Minister assured the state of all possible assistance and asked authorities to press medical teams to various affected areas so that much needed health care facilities is provided to the public.
He said that it is important to inform the people about the water purification methods and other vaccinations to check diseases. It was also informed in the meeting that general public should be sensitized that about one to two tablets of chlorine can purify about 20 litres of water.

SPX: SMALL PRESS EXPO: Here are your 2014 Ignatz Award winnersBy Michael Cavna September 14 Follow @comicriffs
 
SOME MULTI-DAY comics conventions seem to breed fatigue, like a lean-in, shoulder-to-shoulder war of artist-alley attrition and sketchy nutrition. The marathon demands second and third winds. You come, you see, you’re conquered.
Small Press Expo , on the other hand, refuses to be so grueling. It’s the party guest that shows up promptly with a platter of homemade fare, tells a bunch of fresh and genuinely entertaining stories, delivers a brilliant toast — and then hits the door before anyone has time to ever tire of its company. Which is partly why we welcome it back so warmly each year.
And on Saturday night, the party had a few extra rounds of fun. After the first day’s programming and exhibiting, there was even a “wedding” (congrats, Simon Hanselmann, the Ignatz nominee whose blushing new bride is “comics”), a brass band and a prom. But mostly, as always, there were the esteemed Ignatz Awards — the Herriman “bricks” that get tossed to top indie talent — as guided by show host James Sturm, who’d deftly moderated a stellar alt-weekly panel earlier in the day.
Among the honored were multiple nominees Sophie Goldstein and Jason Shiga.
The Ignatz, named for George Herriman’s famed “Krazy Kat” character, honors “excellence in independent comics.” The ballot is created by five cartoonists — this year’s jurors were Darryl Ayo, Austin English, Melissa Mendes, Thien Pham and Whit Taylor — and voted on by Saturday’s attendees. (SPX: Small Press Expo continues Sunday at the North Bethesda Marriott convention center in suburban Washington.)
(Disclosure: The Ignatz Awards ceremony is sponsored by  comixology , which is  newly owned by Amazon ; Amazon founder Jeff Bezos owns The Washington Post. The corporate ties, they abound. [For more, here's a link .])
Here are this year’s Ignatz winners (in BOLD):
Outstanding Artist
Kim Deitch — The Amazing, Enlightening and Absolutely True Adventures of Katherine Whaley
Sophie Goldstein — Darwin Carmichael Is Going to Hell; Edna II; House of Women
Ed Piskor — Hip Hop Family Tree (Vol. 1)
Jesse Reklaw — Coach Tag
Amazing Facts and Beyond, by Kevin Huizenga and Dan Zettwoch
The End, by Anders Nilsen
Eye of the Majestic Creature (Vol. 2), by Leslie Stein
>QU33R, edited by Robert Kirby
Sock Monkey Treasury, by Tony Millionaire
Outstanding Graphic Novel
The Amazing, Enlightening and Absolutely
True Adventures of Katherine Whaley, by Kim Deitch
The Boxer, Reinhard Kleist
Boxers & Saints, by Gene Luen Yang
>This One Summer, by Jillian Tamaki and Mariko Tamaki
War of Streets and Houses, Sophie Yanow
Outstanding Story
>“Brownout Biscuit” (from Octopus Pie): Dead Forever, by Meredith Gran
“Destination X,” by Jon Martz
“The Grassy Knoll,” by Nick Drnaso
“Jobs,” Life Zone, by Simon Hanselmann
“Mom,” Viewotron #2, by Sam Sharpe
Promising New Talent
>Cathy G. Johnson – Jeremiah; Boy Genius; Until It Runs Clear
Nick Offerman — Orange; Onions
Keiler Roberts — Powdered Milk (series)
Daryl Seitchik — Missy
The Black Feather Falls, Ellen Lindner
>Demon, by Jason Shiga
Powdered Milk, by Keiler Roberts
Sky in Stereo, by Sacha Mardou
Towerkind, by Kat Verhoeven
Blammo #8, by Noah Van Sciver
Cosplayers, by Dash Shaw
It Will All Hurt #2, by Farel Dalrymple
Misliving Amended, by Adam Buttrick
>Wicked Chicken Queen, by Sam Alden
Outstanding Minicomic
The Grassy Knoll, by Nick Drnaso
>House of Women, by Sophie Goldstein
Never Forgets, by Yumi Sakugawa
Test Tube #1, by Carlos Gonzales
Up to the Top, by Ian Sampson
Outstanding Online Comic
Band for Life, Anya Davidson
Big Dogs at Nite, Dane Martin
Demon, Jason Shiga

Cameron condemns killing of aid workerLast updated: September 14, 2014 10:19 am
Isis militants say UK aid worker beheaded
By Erika Solomon, Borzou Daragahi and agencies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f1c7eac2-3bb8-11e4-84b4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

God particle or the very devilUpdated: September 11, 2014 09:56 IST
God particle or the very devil?
Shubashree Desikan
AP ALREADY KNOWN: The Large Hadron Collider has tested physics up to about a few 100 GeV energy scale, and has found the Higgs boson at a mass of about 125 GeV.
TOPICS
science and technology
Theoretical calculations indicate that the universe is in a meta-stable state, close to the edge of a zone of stability
Stephen Hawking’s declaration that the “God particle” has the potential to destroy the universe is now trending amidst eager readers. Can this really happen and how does one understand this statement?
Gian Giudice, member of the CERN group for theoretical physics and author of A Zeptospace Odyssey, explains this beautifully in a TED talk entitled “Why our universe might exist on a knife edge.”
The story begins with the early universe. According to theories of the cosmos, about one-tenth of a billionth of a second after the big bang, spacetime underwent a phase transition and space became filled with the Higgs field.
Interacting with this field causes particles to gain energy which manifests as the mass of the particle.
The Higgs field itself can exist in two states — just as water can exist as ice or liquid water.
One of these states of the Higgs field is the normal state as we experience it. The other is a state which is many, many times denser than this.
The existence of this other phase is a potential problem, because when there exist two such states of an entity, there could be a transition from one to the other even if there is an energy barrier, which has to be crossed if such a transition should occur. The energy barrier thus prevents such a transition. This can happen by a process known as quantum tunnelling.
Quantum mechanics allows particles on one side of a barrier, for instance a wall, to “tunnel” through to the other side.
In the case of the universe and the Higgs field, we are talking about the potential barrier between the two states of the Higgs field, one of which is the local ground state which the Higgs now occupies and the other, the lower-energy vacuum where it would exist in the denser state, completely ruled by different laws of physics.
A group with Dario Buttazzo of CERN, theory group, as first author of a paper in the Journal of High Energy Physics published last year had calculated the vacuum stability of the Universe.
Butazzo and others in the team discuss how the vacuum stability of the Universe depends on two parameters — the masses of the Higgs boson and the Top quark.
Given that the mass of the Higgs boson has been determined to be 125 GeV by experiments in the Large Hadron Collider, they identify that the universe is in a meta-stable state, close to the edge of a zone of stability.
This state can remain stable for a long time to come — even long past the time when the sun would grow to be a red giant and swallow up the earth.
Prof. Giudice, in the TED talk, compares the stability of the universe to that of sand dunes in deserts.
Studying the shape of the dunes would reveal that they too are poised on the brink of collapse.
To draw another analogy from physics, there is a small probability that all the molecules of air in a room can collect at one corner leaving the rest of the room empty.
But it does not happen as the probability is incredibly low.
These are reasons why the tunneling and collapse of the universe has not happened for 13 billion years it has existed, and the likelihood that it will happen anytime soon is very small. Giudice’s calculations put the timescale of such an event at 10100 years which is certainly long!
There is also the question of new physics: the whole argument assumes that the physics of the standard model would persist up to energy scales of 100 billion GeV. Shrihari Gopalakrishna, a particle physicist at Institute of Mathematical Sciences, Chennai, says, “The Large Hadron Collider has tested physics up to about a few 100 GeV energy scale, and has found the Higgs boson at a mass of about 125 GeV. With this new piece of information, many groups of theorists asked whether the Universe is in a stable, meta-stable or unstable vacuum state.
They reach the very intriguing conclusion that we are most likely living at the edge of stability in a meta-stable vacuum.
One should keep in mind that such conclusions are based on extrapolating to very high energies using known physics, namely, the standard model, and if new physics is present, then these conclusions may no longer be valid.”

Draghi hits back at critics of ABS plan© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/025c016c-39e2-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cargill sues Syngenta over seed disputeLast updated: September 12, 2014 8:44 pm
Cargill sues Syngenta over seed dispute
By Neil Hume, Commodities Editor, and Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5dc4d02e-3aa5-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ready or not  currency volatility is backLast updated: September 12, 2014 11:00 pm
Ready or not – currency volatility is back
By Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/40a725d6-39fc-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pfizer  Ranbaxy Win Dismissal of Lawsuit Over Generic LipitorYou are here: Home Corporates
Pfizer, Ranbaxy Win Dismissal of Lawsuit Over Generic Lipitor
Reuters | Updated On: September 13, 2014 11:43 (IST)
L&T Construction Bags Rs 2,050-Crore Contracts
Pfizer Inc and India's Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd on Friday won dismissal of a US antitrust lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to delay sales of generic versions of the best-selling cholesterol drug Lipitor.
US District Judge Peter Sheridan in Trenton, New Jersey, ruled that the plaintiffs, retailers and distribution companies that bought Lipitor directly from Pfizer, failed to plead their case with enough detail.
The lawsuit, filed in 2012, stems from a 2008 settlement of a patent lawsuit filed by Pfizer against Ranbaxy over Ranbaxy's plan to make generic Lipitor. Under the deal, Pfizer agreed to drop a claim for damages against Ranbaxy, and Ranbaxy agreed to stay out of the Lipitor market until November 2011.
Retailers and distribution companies claim that the settlement amounted to Pfizer paying Ranbaxy to stay out of the Lipitor market, violating antitrust laws. But Sheridan ruled Friday that their case failed because they did not offer any allegation of the settlement's dollar value.
Sheridan dismissed another version of the lawsuit last September.
A Pfizer spokesman said the company was pleased with the ruling.
"Pfizer has always believed that the procurement and enforcement of its Lipitor patents and the settlement of litigation relating thereto was at all times proper and lawful," the spokesman said in an email. "The company will continue to vigorously protect and defend its intellectual property, which is vital to developing new medicines like Lipitor that save and enhance patient lives."
Lawyers for the plaintiffs could not immediately be reached for comment.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

States Seek Financial Help to Develop Smart CitiesYou are here: Home Industries
States Seek Financial Help to Develop Smart Cities
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 13, 2014 19:22 (IST)
Buying a Car? Advantage Petrol Says Crisil
New Delhi: Unanimously welcoming the Smart City initiative of the centre, states have demanded technical help to prepare project reports and higher financial assistance to execute the scheme.
Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu today reviewed the suggestions and views from states and Union Territories expressed at the national conclave held yesterday and directed officials to examine the suggestions in detail.
He has also asked the concerned officials to prepare a proposal for discussion at an inter-ministerial meeting where Ministers of Finance and Defence, Highways and Surface Transport, Railways, Power, Environment and Forests are likely to attend.
Reiterating the importance of smart leadership in developing smart cities, Mr Naidu said he would write to all the Chief Ministers on the need for proper decision making to enhance revenues of urban local bodies and improving urban governance.
States have made ten broad suggestions for developing Smart Cities including seeking flexibility in implementation, capacity building, higher central assistance in view of the resource constraints of urban local bodies and expeditious clearances by the Centre, said a senior Urban Development official.
Higher level of Viability Gap Funding with respect to solid waste management and water supply projects, capital expenditure to be borne by central government since private operators can only manage the operations and maintenance with utility charges and Special Purpose Vehicles to be created for executing the projects are some of the suggestions made by states at the conclave.
Some states referred to the difficulties associated with adoption of Public Private Partnership model with respect to some urban projects in view of the complexities involved and levying of user charges.
Story first published on: September 13, 2014 19:20 (IST)

Ad revenue growth hopes boost TwitterSeptember 10, 2014 5:44 pm
Potential ad revenue growth boosts Twitter
By Eric Platt in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/419f50b0-3904-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cargill buys six chocolate plants from ADMSeptember 2, 2014 6:59 pm
Cargill buys six chocolate plants from ADM
By Neil Hume and Emiko Terazono in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/32625a1e-32ad-11e4-93c6-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cargill Q4 results cap challenging year© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2e25669c-1e46-11e4-9513-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HSBC vows to fight Keydata lawsuitLast updated: August 26, 2014 7:58 pm
HSBC vows to fight Keydata lawsuit
By Caroline Binham, Legal Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/42521bf8-2d3f-11e4-8105-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks hire anti-money laundering experts© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4f20179a-2600-11e4-9bca-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

France  the way the French see itSeptember 12, 2014 12:15 pm
France – the way the French see it
By Simon Kuper
The country is the way that it is because most French people want it that way
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/05d516fe-393c-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

France warns of budget overshootLast updated: September 10, 2014 6:10 pm
France warns of budget overshoot
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/368909a8-38b6-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Laury has work cut out as Kingfisher CEOSeptember 10, 2014 5:34 pm
Laury has work cut out as Kingfisher chief
By Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/229bdf94-38fa-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Vinod Rai targets Manmohan Singh  invokes Reliance IndustriesMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

GAIL to support skill development programmes in APHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
GAIL to support skill development programmes in AP
V. Rishi Kumar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 14:  
GAIL (India) Ltd has indicated its interest in supporting skill development programmes in Andhra Pradesh and taking up maintenance of toilets in schools as part of its Corporate Social Responsibility initiative.
B.C. Tripathi, Chairman of GAIL, who met the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister, N. Chandrababu Naidu, has indicated that the company has earmarked an outlay of Rs 10 crore for skill development initiatives in the State.
During the meeting held on Saturday, the GAIL chief informed the Chief Minister about the follow-up action taken by the company on payment of ex-gratia, compensation for houses and property damaged in the Nagaram gas pipeline blast incident.
The Chief Minister was informed that GAIL is ready to start a Skill Development Centre in an existing building near Nagaram and would contribute to various courses and faculty.
The GAIL chief also offered to set up and provide ongoing support for maintenance of toilets in schools in all villages that the GAIL pipeline of about 900 km passes through. It has earmarked Rs 4 crore for this initiative that is proposed to be taken up as a CSR initiative.
According to sources, during the meeting, the CM and the Gail executive discussed the issue of developing a gas grid in the State and also supplying gas through pipelines to households.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Ajit Singh says he will vacate govt accommodation by Sept 25Ajit Singh says he'll vacate govt accommodation
PTI  New Delhi, September 14, 2014
First Published: 16:56 IST(14/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:07 IST(14/9/2014)
Comments
A day after the Union government cracked the whip by disconnecting power and water supplies to the official accommodation of former Union minister Ajit Singh, the Rashtriya Lok Dal leader on Sunday said he will vacate the accommodation by 25th of this month.
"I have lived here for 36 years. My father (late Chaudhary Charan Singh) moved here in 1978 and thereafter there are so many things I have to sort out before moving. 11th August, I got the notice and I move out on 24-25 September. I do not think its unreasonable," he said.
Read: Eviction team heckled as Ajit refuses to vacate bungalow
Singh also said that he has found a house and signed a lease as well.
"I found the house and we have signed the lease also. So, when they came on 9th, I informed them that I have signed the lease. But now its 'Pitru Paksh'. So as soon as its over in about two weeks or so, I will go," the former civil aviation minister said.
The government had on Saturday disconnected power and water supplies to the official accommodations in Delhi of former Union ministers and ex-MPs including Ajit Singh, Jitendra Singh and Mohd Azharuddin who refused to vacate the premises.
Last week, an eviction team, along with police, had faced stiff resistance at Ajit Singh's Tughlaq Road residence when they had gone to take possession of the house.

Quasars appearance in universe solvedQuasars’ appearance in universe solved
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sept 14:  
Scientists have solved a mystery behind the appearance of quasars - one of the brightest objects in the universe - that astronomers have been puzzling over for decades.
Quasars are super-massive black holes that live at the centre of distant massive galaxies. They shine as the most luminous beacons in the sky across the entire electromagnetic spectrum by rapidly accreting matter into their gravitationally inescapable centres.
New research from The Carnegie Institution for Science’s Hubble Fellow Yue Shen and Luis Ho of the Kavli Institute for Astronomy and Astrophysics (KIAA) at Peking University solves a quasar mystery that astronomers have been puzzling over for 20 years.
Their work shows that most observed quasar phenomena can be unified with two simple quantities: one that describes how efficiently the hole is being fed, and the other that reflects the viewing orientation of the astronomer.
Quasars display a broad range of outward appearances when viewed by astronomers, reflecting the diversity in the conditions of the regions close to their centres.
But despite this variety, quasars have a surprising amount of regularity in their quantifiable physical properties, which follow well-defined trends (referred to as the “main sequence” of quasars) discovered more than 20 years ago.
Shen and Ho solved a two-decade puzzle in quasar research: What unifies these properties into this main sequence?
Using the largest and most-homogeneous sample to date of over 20,000 quasars from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey, combined with several novel statistical tests, Shen and Ho were able to demonstrate that one particular property related to the accretion of the hole, called the Eddington ratio, is the driving force behind the so-called main sequence.
The Eddington ratio describes the efficiency of matter fuelling the black hole, the competition between the gravitational force pulling matter inward and the luminosity driving radiation outward.
This push and pull between gravity and luminosity has long been suspected to be the primary driver behind the so-called main sequence, and their work at long last confirms this hypothesis.
“Our findings have profound implications for quasar research. This simple unification scheme presents a pathway to better understand how super-massive black holes accrete matter and interplay with their environments,” Shen said.
“And better black hole mass measurements will benefit a variety of applications in understanding the cosmic growth of super-massive black holes and their place in galaxy formation,” Ho added.
The study was published in the journal Nature.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

 Sun Pharma  4 Others Lose Rs 36 971 Cr in Market ValueYou are here: Home Corporates
Sun Pharma, ONGC, 3 Others Lose Rs 36,971 Crore in Market Value in a Week
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 14, 2014 13:45 (IST)
L&T Construction Bags Rs 2,050-Crore Contracts
New Delhi: Top five Sensex companies including ONGC and Sun Pharma lost Rs 36,971.61 crore in market capitalisation in the week ended September 12, with the two companies being the worst hit.
While ONGC, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), Coal India Ltd (CIL), Infosys and Sun Pharma saw losses in their market capitalisation or M-cap, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), ITC, HDFC Bank, State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI Bank witnessed gains.
ONGC's market value plunged by Rs 11,421.58 crore to Rs 3,67,158.86 crore and Sun Pharma lost Rs 10,749.03 crore in M-cap, taking its valuation to Rs 1,66,910.28 crore.
Coal India's value dipped by Rs 8,400.77 crore to Rs 2,26,094.26 crore, followed by Infosys (down Rs 3,327.7 crore at Rs 2,10,879.62 crore) and RIL (down Rs 3,072.53 crore at Rs 3,28,501.95 crore).
On the other hand, the M-cap of SBI surged by Rs 8,227.23 crore to Rs 1,96,020.23 crore, while ITC added Rs 4,421.88 crore in its market value to Rs 2,83,518.18 crore.
ICICI Bank's market valuation rose by Rs 1,943.15 crore to Rs 1,81,069.22 crore, followed by TCS (up Rs 1,733.47 crore at Rs 5,10,415.13 crore) and HDFC Bank (up Rs 1,677.83 crore at Rs 2,06,458.39 crore).
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at No. 1 followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 34.34 points to close at 27,061.04.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 13:43 (IST)

TCS opens Saudi Arabias first all-woman BPO centreIndia’s largest software exporter Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) on Sunday said it has opened Saudi Arabia’s first all-female business process centre, which will provide employment to up to 3,000 women in three years.
Saudi Aramco and GE are the centre’s first customers, TCS said in a statement in Mumbai.
Both the clients have already surpassed their target of recruiting 100 women each, while the total number of those employed at the centre stands at 300, it said.
The Riyadh-based 3,200-sq mt facility will offer customers specialised finance and accounting, human resources, materials supply and office services to improve their operational efficiency, it said.
The centre was announced in September last year.
Saudi Arabia’s Commerce and Industry Minister Tawfiq bin Fawzan Al Rabiah, Deputy Governor of Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority Prince Saud bin Khalid, Saudi Aramco’s President and Chief Executive Khalid Al Falih and GE’s Vice Chairman John Rice, were present on the occasion, the statement said.

Cameron vows to extinguish IS after Haines beheadingprint
In a strongly-worded response after an emergency meeting, Prime Minister David Cameron on Sunday vowed to ‘extinguish’ the Islamic State (IS) by taking ‘whatever steps necessary’ after a new video depicted the beheading of British aid worker David Haines.
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
 
“We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes,” he said, and added that “they are not Muslims, they are monsters” as he spelt out the measures Britain will take to counter the threat.
Read: Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
 
Haines, 44, was kidnapped in Syria in March 2013. The video showed him being beheaded by the same man with a British accent who had appeared in previous videos showing the beheading of US journalists Steven Sotloff and James Foley.
Speaking after chairing an emergency meeting, Cameron said: “We cannot just walk on by if we are to keep this country safe. Step by step, we must drive back, dismantle and ultimately destroy Isil and what it stands for”.
Alan Henning, another British hostage, is currently being held by the militant group.
Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
US president Barack Obama led a host of international leaders in condemning the latest beheading: "The United States strongly condemns the barbaric murder of UK citizen David Haines…The United States stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve”.
 
Calling Haines a ‘British hero’, Cameron said Britain will calmly work with allies to counter the challenge in the Middle East: “It must strengthen our resolve. We must recognise that it will take time to eradicate a threat like this. It will require, as I have described, action at home and abroad”.
Video: Those responsible for Haines death will be brought to justice: David Cameron
He added: "This is not something we can do on our own. We have to work with the rest of the world. Ultimately, our security as a nation, the way we go about our everyday lives in this free and tolerant society that is Britain, has always depended on our readiness to act against those who stand for hatred and who stand for destruction."
Read: After third beheading and warning of fourth, West set to unleash war on IS militants
Britain, he said, will upscale efforts to weed out such elements in the country through a comprehensive counter-terrorism strategy. It will also pursue action at the United Nations and help Kurds and other forces in the region opposed to the IS.
 
Mike Haines, brother of David Haines, said in a statement: “David was most alive and enthusiastic in his humanitarian roles. His joy and anticipation for the work he went to do in Syria is for myself and family the most important element of this whole sad affair."

To restore calm  Armed Police from Jammu airlifted to ValleyJammu and Kashmir police personnel wait to be airlifted by the air force to resume their duties at the flood affected areas of the Srinagar on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 6:52 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 6:53 pm
In the wake of attacks on rescue teams of NDRF and Army, two battalions of Armed Police have been airlifted from Jammu to flood-ravaged Kashmir Valley to maintain law and order.
A week after floods battered Srinagar, policemen are seen regulating traffic at several roads leading to the airport as communication has been restored in most police stations in the city.
“We have inducted two battalions of Armed Police from Jammu for maintaining law and order in the valley,” a senior police officer said.
The move comes in the aftermath of several incidents of stone-pelting on Army and National Disaster Response Force teams during relief and rescue operations in the valley, particularly in Srinagar.
Army had on Saturday requested the civil administration to deploy police personnel for maintaining law and order.
Communication has been restored in most of the police stations in flood-hit areas in Srinagar, DIG, Central Kashmir Range, Syed Ahfadul Mujtaba said.
Except four, all police stations in the city have been linked with the communication system, he said.
“Efforts are on to connect the remaining police stations for better management and coordination of relief and rescue efforts in inundated areas,” Mujtaba said.
Several police stations, which are either not affected by floods or where water has receded, have been turned into base camps for relief distribution in inundated areas, he said.
A week after floods ravaged the summer capital, presence of police on ground could be felt as cops were seen regulating traffic at several roads leading to Srinagar airport.
“We are starting from Airport and moving towards the city for deployment of police personnel. Some personnel who were trapped in water-logged areas or those who could not earlier report for duty have also resumed work,” the officer said.
The District Police Line, submerged under water, caused a major problem to the police department’s efforts in providing succour to the flood-hit population, Mujtaba said.
Meanwhile, Chief Secretary M I Khanday appealed to government employees to report for duty as soon as possible.
“If you don’t pay heed to this appeal, please listen to your conscience,” the message on Radio Kashmir said.
A police officer, on condition of anonymity, said the collapse of civil administration has put extra pressure on the police force.
“We are right now involved in relief distribution which is primarily the duty of the civil administration. As the water level is receding, hopefully, the administration will
spring into action in the next 48 hours to ease our burden,” he said.

White House: Fight Against Isis Is "A War We Have To Win"white house: fight against isis is "a war we have to win"
Jaiprakash Power VenturesCopyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sign in

Enforcement DirectorateBlackmoney: SIT empowers ED to check huge forex violations
Sep 14, 2014 at 14:48 | Source: PTI
Sources said the SIT found that a number of such instances are being reported and hence it has asked RBI to begin providing the ED dossiers on such defaults as it is the lead agency to check forex contraventions and the hawala route of illegal payments.
NSEL recovery process: Bombay HC sets up 3-member panel
Sep 02, 2014 at 20:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Committee, comprising Justice VC Daga, J Solomon and Yogesh Thar, would determine the amount payable by defaulters / third parties. It is also empowered to ascertain their assets.
ED begins probe against a dozen online e-retail firms
Aug 31, 2014 at 19:15 | Source: PTI
The agency, according to sources, has received a communication from the country's banking regulatorthe Reserve Bank of India regarding a few firms while it has took up the rest cases suo-moto for probe under the provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA).
Saradha scam: ED questions WB Textile min, Aparna Sen
Aug 18, 2014 at 16:18 | Source: PTI
The first to arrive at the Salt Lake office of the central probe agency here was the award wining actor and director Sen whose statement was recorded by ED which is probing her role as the Editor of a magazine brought out by the now defunct group.
Top NSEL brass, execs failed in duty leading to scam: ED
Aug 10, 2014 at 10:14 | Source: PTI
The Rs 5,600-crore NSEL scam could have been averted had its top management and other functionaries "performed their duties and exercised due diligence" to check the dubious activities of defaulting firms which have been alleged to have cheated numerous investors, investigation by Enforcement Directorate (ED) has revealed.
SEBI's Satyam Order: 5 Years Too Late?
Jul 19, 2014 at 15:54 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SEBI sent the first show cause notice in March 2009 and then two supplementary ones in June 2009 and March 2010. And its only now that we have the final order. Did the regulator move fast enough?
AgustaWestland: ED slaps laundering case against SP Tyagi
Jul 04, 2014 at 16:47 | Source: PTI
ED, which earlier registered a case under foreign exchange laws in this deal, decided to slap a criminal case to track the "illegal money" of the bribe, alleged to be over Rs 360 crore, dealt between the middlemen and other people named by CBI in its FIR filed in March 2013.
2G: Not involved in Rs 200 crore transaction, claims A Raja
Jun 05, 2014 at 19:21 | Source: PTI
Arguing on the bail application filed by Raja as well as on framing of charges in the case, advocate Manu Sharma, who appeared for him, said the DMK leader was earlier granted bail in the CBI's 2G spectrum allocation case and he has been attending court proceedings keeping aside his political commitments.
SIT on black money holds its first meeting
Jun 02, 2014 at 20:43 | Source: PTI
Without elaborating on the roadmap, the statement said the next meeting of the SIT will be convened shortly to take stock of the follow-up of the decisions taken at today's parleys.
Saradha scam: CBI constitutes SIT to probe matter
May 12, 2014 at 16:36 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
The SIT will soon collect all relevant documents before registering the FIR in the matter. CBI will also look into the larger conspiracy angle.
Blackmoney: SIT empowers ED to check huge forex violations
Sep 14, 2014 at 14:48 | Source: PTI
Sources said the SIT found that a number of such instances are being reported and hence it has asked RBI to begin providing the ED dossiers on such defaults as it is the lead agency to check forex contraventions and the hawala route of illegal payments.
NSEL recovery process: Bombay HC sets up 3-member panel
Sep 02, 2014 at 20:58 | Source: CNBC-TV18
Committee, comprising Justice VC Daga, J Solomon and Yogesh Thar, would determine the amount payable by defaulters / third parties. It is also empowered to ascertain their assets.
ED begins probe against a dozen online e-retail firms
Aug 31, 2014 at 19:15 | Source: PTI
The agency, according to sources, has received a communication from the country's banking regulatorthe Reserve Bank of India regarding a few firms while it has took up the rest cases suo-moto for probe under the provisions of the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA).
Saradha scam: ED questions WB Textile min, Aparna Sen
Aug 18, 2014 at 16:18 | Source: PTI
The first to arrive at the Salt Lake office of the central probe agency here was the award wining actor and director Sen whose statement was recorded by ED which is probing her role as the Editor of a magazine brought out by the now defunct group.
Top NSEL brass, execs failed in duty leading to scam: ED
Aug 10, 2014 at 10:14 | Source: PTI
The Rs 5,600-crore NSEL scam could have been averted had its top management and other functionaries "performed their duties and exercised due diligence" to check the dubious activities of defaulting firms which have been alleged to have cheated numerous investors, investigation by Enforcement Directorate (ED) has revealed.
SEBI's Satyam Order: 5 Years Too Late?
Jul 19, 2014 at 15:54 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SEBI sent the first show cause notice in March 2009 and then two supplementary ones in June 2009 and March 2010. And its only now that we have the final order. Did the regulator move fast enough?
AgustaWestland: ED slaps laundering case against SP Tyagi
Jul 04, 2014 at 16:47 | Source: PTI
ED, which earlier registered a case under foreign exchange laws in this deal, decided to slap a criminal case to track the "illegal money" of the bribe, alleged to be over Rs 360 crore, dealt between the middlemen and other people named by CBI in its FIR filed in March 2013.
2G: Not involved in Rs 200 crore transaction, claims A Raja
Jun 05, 2014 at 19:21 | Source: PTI
Arguing on the bail application filed by Raja as well as on framing of charges in the case, advocate Manu Sharma, who appeared for him, said the DMK leader was earlier granted bail in the CBI's 2G spectrum allocation case and he has been attending court proceedings keeping aside his political commitments.
SIT on black money holds its first meeting
Jun 02, 2014 at 20:43 | Source: PTI
Without elaborating on the roadmap, the statement said the next meeting of the SIT will be convened shortly to take stock of the follow-up of the decisions taken at today's parleys.
Saradha scam: CBI constitutes SIT to probe matter
May 12, 2014 at 16:36 | Source: Moneycontrol.com
The SIT will soon collect all relevant documents before registering the FIR in the matter. CBI will also look into the larger conspiracy angle.
Videos »

EU rejects Googles antitrust deal againLast updated: September 8, 2014 8:41 pm
EU rejects Google’s antitrust deal again
By Alex Barker in Brussels and Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4af20576-3757-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Clock ticks on EU peace deal with GoogleSeptember 9, 2014 7:11 pm
Clock ticks on EU peace deal with Google
By Alex Barker in Brussels
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/262644f8-383f-11e4-9fc2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

My role in the boring snoring interviewLast updated: September 12, 2014 12:42 pm
How I accidentally invented the ‘boring, snoring’ interview
By Peter Mandelson
Argue for what you believe in, don’t go on a loop repeating what you said, writes Peter Mandelson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0d0953ba-38f4-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Pistorius trial is not a parableSeptember 12, 2014 10:52 am
The Oscar Pistorius trial is not a parable
By Mark Gevisser
South African exceptionalism may be why we felt so betrayed by the Olympian, writes Mark Gevisser
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11b94cc2-39b1-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi allure dims for multinationals in IndiaSeptember 14, 2014 5:55 am
Modi allure dims for multinationals awaiting ‘big bang’ in India
By Victor Mallet in New Delhi and James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a21725b6-3a31-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

It is time to sell momentum and buy valueLast updated: September 14, 2014 6:21 am
It is time to stop groupthink, sell momentum and buy value
By John Dizard
It is not a good idea to wait around to see if the asset bubble can be blown just a little bigger, writes John Dizard
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.

Are you addicted to staying connectedprint
The logo of social networking website Twitter. Photo: AFP / Leon Neal
Staying unplugged from the rest of the world is unimaginable, but the Jammu & Kashmir deluge has made the nightmare of being lost and going incommunicado a reality for many of us.
Also read: Jammu and Kashmir floods in 50 pics
The almost blanket week-long telecommunication and power outage in the flood-hit state has left the rest of the nation feeling equally powerless. People have gone crazy calling, messaging and mailing everyone they know in the state for news about people they know and people they don’t.
Things are no different in Jammu & Kashmir. The fact that there’s no network does not stop people from constantly trying to call, tweet, text or mail. And in areas where power is restored intermittently, the first thing people do is rush to recharge their cellphones, laptops and tablets, again knowing they couldn’t use them.
Full covergae: Flood fury hits Jammu & Kashmir
Staying unplugged leaves us powerless, and here’s why: Twitter, Facebook and email are more addictive than cigarettes and alcohol. A study of 205 people aged 18 to 85 in the German City of Wurtzburg found that sleep and sex were the two things people most long for during the day, but it was the urge to keep connected was the hardest to resist. The study found that the urge to stay on top of social media, email and work was stronger than the need to smoke or have a glass of 12-year-old single malt. The highest rates of “self-control failures” were tied to social-media platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, Google’s G+, LinkedIn and Groupon, reported researchers in Psychological Science (June 2012 ).
So compulsive is digital addiction that people prefer hurting themselves to sitting alone without their gadgets. People, especially men, hate being alone with their thoughts so much that they’d rather be in pain, reported the journal Science ( July 2014 ). In the study, two-thirds men and a quarter of women were asked to sit alone for 15 minutes and let their mind wander. They chose to administer mild electrical shocks to themselves rather than sit doing nothing. One man gave himself mild shocks 190 times in 15 minutes.
Also read: Facebook addiction can leave you lonely, depressed
Adults are more distracted by digital devices than young children, reported a study in Pediatrics . To find out how common it is for parents to use mobile devices around their children, Dr Jenny Radesky, a fellow in developmental behavioural paediatrics at Boston Medical Center in the US, surreptitiously observed 55 parents out for a meal alone with one or more children under 10 years. Most parents were found texting, swiping, scrolling or reading on their smartphone or tablet while the child fidgeted across the table.
Of the 55 parents, 40 used a cellphone during the meal, 16 used it throughout the meal. Three of them even gave a device to a child to keep the youngster occupied.
Also read: Youth and social media: Addiction metre
So strong was the smartphone/tablet pull for adults that even attempts to engage with them fell flat. In one instance, a little boy started singing ‘Jingle bells, Batman smells’ only to have his smartphone-clutching dad hush him. The boy did, but started singing again, which made his dad to look up just long enough to snap at him before going back to his phone.
Most updates and responses can wait unless, of course, your job depends on it. Checking social media and mailbox updates in social situations or more than once each waking hour is a sign of trouble. And if you reach out for your smartphone each time you wake up at night or the first thing in the morning, you seriously need to unplug your brain and slow down.
Unless it comes with the job, immediate communication is not as essential as believed. In fact, the reverse is true. Constantly switching between mails, updates and texts distracts and muddles the mind, lowering concentration and productivity.
If you want to reach digital nirvana, you’ve to start by admitting whether you have a problem. You don’t have to go quite the Alcoholics Anonymous way and say out loud, “My name is ABCD and I’m a digital addict”, but admitting it to yourself is a start.
As in quitting smoking, delaying the moment you feel an urge to check updates. Tell yourself you’ll do it in a few minutes and then gradually increase the time till you do it only at leisure. Another way to check compulsion is to use “technology breaks” every hour to read updates and then putting the gadget away to focus on work or conversation at hand.
Achieving zen in digital multitasking is not easy, but your mind needs to unplug more than you realise.

Undercover Economist‘Some research on students suggests economics either attracts or creates sociopaths’
ABOUT TIM
Tim Harford is economics leader writer for the Financial Times and writes the “Undercover Economist” columns on Saturdays. He first joined the FT as Peter Martin Fellow in 2003 and after a spell at the World Bank in Washington DC he rejoined the FT’s leader writing team in 2006.
Tim’s book, The Undercover Economist, is a Business Week bestseller and a Sunday Times bestseller, and was number one on Amazon.co.uk. It has been translated into sixteen languages. He is now working on a sequel.
Tim is also the presenter of the BBC2 series, Trust Me, I’m an Economist.

Investor wealth of BSE listed stocks nears Rs 100 lakh crore markInvestor wealth of BSE listed stocks nears Rs 100 lakh crore mark
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 02.24PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(With the benchmark Sensex…)
NEW DELHI: With the benchmark Sensex witnessing a dream-run, total market valuation of BSE listed companies has inched closer to Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
At present, the total market capitalisation (m-cap) of BSE listed companies stands at Rs 96,25,517 crore which is Rs 3.74 lakh short of Rs 100 lakh crore mark.
In terms of US dollar, the total market value of BSE listed companies has surged to USD 1.58 trillion at the current rupee rate of 60.65 against the Greenback.
Earlier, the total m-cap of domestic listed companies had reached a record USD 1.5 trillion in June this year.
India had first entered the trillion-dollar club in June 2007, but moved out in September 2008 after a global meltdown.
It again got back into the elite league in May 2009 and largely remained there except for some brief periods including once in 2012. In August 2013, it had again slipped out of the elite list.
Indian stock market investors are making big gains as the Sensex has gained 5,890.36 points or 27.82 per cent so far this year. The index has hit its all-time high of 27,354.99 on September 8.
"The undercurrent of the stock market is very bullish. Markets are likely to sustain at current levels," an expert said.
Sensex blue-chip companies whose market valuation is more than Rs 1 lakh crore include TCS, ONGC , RIL , ITC , Coal India , Infosys , HDFC Bank , SBI , ICICI Bank , Sun Pharma , Bharti Airtel, HDFC, L&T, Wipro, Tata Motors and NTPC.
Outsourcing giant TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs 5,10,415.13 crore.
Analysts said Indian markets are also making merry helped by robust foreign fund inflows.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore (USD 33 billion) in the country's equity market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Investor wealth of BSE listed stocks nears Rs 100 lakh cr markMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Pawan Munjal meets Naidu  to finalise location for Hero Motors plant shortlyHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
AP suggests Chittoor for Hero’s new plant
V. Rishi Kumar
Mr Pawan Munjal, Managing Director & CEO of Hero MotoCorp. (file photo)
MD Pawan Munjal met Chief Minister Naidu to discuss proposed greenfield unit
Hyderabad, Sept. 14:  
The country’s two-wheeler major Hero Motors Ltd held parleys with Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister N Chandrababu Naidu on the company’s proposed Greenfield plant in South India and a decision on finalising the location of the new plant is likely to be taken shortly.
The proposed plant entails an investment outlay of about Rs 3,000 crore. The company has been evaluating several locations in South India, including Karnataka, the newly carved out State of Telangana and residuary Andhra Pradesh.
Pawan Mujnal, Vice Chairman and Managing Director of Hero Motors, held a detailed discussion with the AP Chief Minister during the latter’s visit to New Delhi on Saturday.
According to Government sources, the discussion centred around the State Government’s support and the likely incentives the State may be able to extend to the company once it is granted a special status. When new States are carved out, the Centre extends certain special incentives to encourage new industries. This makes for an attractive proposition for the Hero.
The State on its part suggested Chittoor district close to Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. The support extended would be discussed and a decision is likely soon, sources said.
Hero Motors has two manufacturing units in Haryana and one in Uttarakhand. It is set to commission its fourth unit in Rajasthan and is building a fifth one in Gujarat. The proposed plant in South will be sixth and aimed at addressing the southern market.
The company delegations have held parleys with both the Telangana and Andhra Pradesh Governments in the past and they were shown couple of options for locating their plant, including one site close to Hyderabad.
Senior TDP leaders spoke about the meeting late last night and indicated that the company management is likely to revert soon. 
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Power Ministry  AP to sign up for `Power for All scheme`Power Ministry, AP to sign up for `Power for All scheme`
V. Rishi Kumar
NTPC, SECI to ink pack with State for solar parks
Hyderabad, Sept. 14:  
The Union Power Ministry and Andhra Pradesh Government are poised to enter into an agreement later during the week under the Power for All Scheme coinciding with 100 days of N. Chandrababu Naidu assuming office as the State Chief Minister.
Andhra Pradesh is among few states chosen under the power for all scheme which seeks to provide 24x7 power supply to all sections in the State. The State Chief Minister earlier announced that from October 2 the State would have round the clock power.
The State Government has also initiated a series of steps to augment additional power. This includes development of about 9000 MW through renewable energy sector by 2018-19, with NTPC agreeing to develop a 1000 MW solar park in the State at Anantapur district.
Arup Roy Choudhary, MD of NTPC and Rajendra Nimje, MD of Solar Energy Corporation of India Limited are expected to be here in Hyderabad during the signing of the memorandum for development of new projects in the State.
NTPC has also revived its plans to develop a 4000 MW power project, its first such ultra mega power project at Pudimadaka near Visakhapatnam. While the State Government has agreed to allot land, fuel linkage is still a big issue.
The State Government is also expected to sign up with Solar Energy Corporation of India Limited and Renewable Energy Development Corporation of Andhra Pradesh (NREDCAP) for a 2500 MW solar power park in the State.
According to Ajay Jain, State Energy Secretary, 1200 acres of land at Pudimadaka has been handed over to NTPC, which has the 4000 MW project in pipeline from several years. The State Chief Minister has also approved 1000 MW solar park to be set up by NTPC.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

New type of human stem cell created in labNew type of human stem cell created in lab
PTI
Tweet
London, Sept 14:  
Scientists have created a new type of human stem cell in the lab which they believe will be better at making replacement organs than existing stem cells.
In theory stem cells can develop into any kind of cell, so they could be used to repair damaged organs or even build them from scratch. But most stem cells are not that flexible, researchers said.
The best ones are “pluripotent”, meaning they can turn into anything. Such cells have to be taken from embryos or made by reverting adult cells to their embryonic state, called induced pluripotent stem cells, ‘New Scientist’ reported.
But these pluripotent stem cells still carry genetic baggage from their previous existence. “This ([baggage) has been one of the confounding problems in this area,” said Austin Smith of the University of Cambridge, who led the team that developed the new cells.
The new cells have had their cellular memories wiped clean. Their genes have been cleansed of most methylation markers, so they behave more predictably and transform more consistently into other tissues.
The team hopes that this will make them a better building block for organs and tissues than existing embryonic stem cells.
“Nothing has been written or drawn on them to tell them what to do or become. These cells could be a better and more pristine starting point,” said Smith.
Called naive stem cells, these have long been known in mice and rats, but they have never been found in humans.
To make them, Smith and his colleagues mimicked the process that creates their mouse counterparts. They gave human embryonic stem cells extra copies of two genes, Nanog and Klf2, which triggered the gene network needed to make the naive cells.
To confirm that the cells were naive stem cells, the team tracked which other genes were switched on. Two genes called Klf4 and Tfcp2l1, which are active in mouse naive stem cells, were switched on in the human naive cells.
When the team examined human embryos at around 7 days old they found the genes were active, said Smith.
This suggests naive stem cells exist in natural human embryos. In mouse embryos, 10 to 20 naive stem cells appear just before the embryos implant into the uterus, Smith said, adding that the human naive cells may appear at the same time.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Lead Angels opens Delhi chapterBS Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 06:21 PM IST
Lead Angels opens Delhi chapter
Members in Delhi include successful entrepreneurs and senior corporate leaders and investors who say they want to support other entrepreneurs
Lead Angels, a group of angel investors, has opened its Delhi chapter. The team has been operating from Mumbai and Ahmedabad. 
 
The founding team of Lead Angels includes, Prof C Amarnath who retired as a professor of mechanical engineering from IIT Bombay, Sushanto Mitra , ex-CEO of Society for Innovation & Entrepreneurship, IITB and a recent IITB graduate, Bipin Kumar.
 
Members in Delhi include successful entrepreneurs and senior corporate leaders and investors who say they want to support other entrepreneurs. 
 
"The focus on Lead Angels is on young graduates and we are extremely happy to launch our third India chapter from IIT Delhi campus in the presence of young and young at heart IITD alumni," Sushanto Mitra the Co-founder & CEO of Lead Angels (LA). 
 
Aseem Chauhan, the Chancellor of Amity University added that "a structured angel investing platform focused on academic institutions and young alumni is much needed and Lead Angels with its connect with academic institutions is uniquely placed to bridge the gap."
 
Lead Angels connects promising early stage companies to experienced individuals who wish to invest money and time for the developing entrepreneurship while at the same time generating returns on their capital in a transparent and feedback-driven funding process.
 Advertisements

Cameron condemns killing of UK aid workerLast updated: September 14, 2014 10:19 am
Isis militants say UK aid worker beheaded
By Erika Solomon, Borzou Daragahi and agencies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f1c7eac2-3bb8-11e4-84b4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Aircel restores 2G services in most parts of KashmirPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 05:10 PM IST
Aircel restores 2G services in most parts of Kashmir
Private telecom operator Aircel today said it has restored its 2G services in most part of the flood-hit Kashmir valley enabling its stranded subscribers to connect with their families and friends.
Private telecom operator Aircel today said it has restored its 2G services in most part of the flood-hit Kashmir valley enabling its stranded subscribers to connect with their families and friends.
Aircel's 2G services are operating in Anantnag, Shopian, Bandipora, Kulgam, Pulwama, Srinagar, Budgam, Bonigam and Ganderbal. Aircel 3G services are also up and running, it said in a statement.
The firm has 2.1 million customers in the Jammu and Kashmir region.
The company is working with the local administration and the Army to ensure seamless connectivity on its 2G and 3G network in the region. Aircel has offered its network to all other mobile service operators to help the people of J&K to connect with their families and friends, it added.
State-run BSNL had last week said it had restored 92 base transceiver stations (BTS) or mobile towers which were affected by the floods and overall 473 towers are working in the Valley whereas 934 is the number for whole state.
In Srinagar city alone, 55 towers were up and running, BSNL had said.
In its support to help the stranded people and enable easy communication, Aircel is deploying mobile charging booths to make calls free of cost. The booths are equipped with handsets, sufficient talk-time and mobile charging units to enable free calls, the firm said.
Besides, Aircel has rolled out Short Code Based application (SEND JK FIND
TO 1299), wherein subscribers can send details on a toll free number and the same is being flashed to the Army Twitter handle. About 800 request have been registered in last 24 hours, it added.
"As the markets are closed, Aircel Credit is Extended to entire base so as to enable subscriber continue talking. Subscribers can also avail a top up on the loan." it said.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah had said yesterday that as per the figures available with the state government so far, 129 people had lost lives in Jammu region whereas 30-35 people were found dead in Kashmir Valley.
According to unofficial estimates, the death roll was around 250.
To support postpaid subscribers, credit limits of have been enhanced up to 150 per cent to ensure the subscribers continue using their phones, Aircel said. All the renewals on VAS (Data, WAP and VAS) have been put on hold so that subscribers have sufficient balance for VOICE and they can connect, it added.
The company is also stocking up relief material like medicines, water, non-perishable food items at their offices.
 Advertisements

12 killed in rescue boat tragedy inPakistanA Pakistani villager wades through floodwaters in district Shorkot, Pakistan. Source: AP photo
PTI | Islamabad | Posted: September 14, 2014 7:01 pm
At least 12 people of a marriage party, including the bridegroom and two children, were killed when a rescue boat capsized near the Pakistani city of Multan, even as ravaging floods continue to wreak havoc in the country affecting over two million people, officials said today.
The boat was carrying a wedding party when it met with the accident near Sher Shah Bridge area in the central Pakistani city.
“So far 12 dead bodies have been retrieved,” Ghulam Nabbi, a local district official told PTI over telephone.
“The rescue workers are still searching for other bodies,” he said.
Nabbi was unsure about the exact number of people onboard,but Radio Pakistan reported that the ill-fated boat was carrying 25 people.
Meanwhile, rescue officials were trying to save Muzaffargarh city in southern Punjab, as Chenab River swelledafter river Ravi joined it with its 80,000 cusec water.
Artificial breaches were created at selected points to save Muzaffargarh but the diverted water inundated severalsmall villages.
Radio Pakistan said that a spur has been breached by flood waters near Thatha Sialan in Muzaffargarh district and the flood water made its way to Taliri Canal, spreading in the surrounding areas of Moradabad and Thatha Sialan.
The district commissioner Muzaffargarh declared emergency in Taliri areas of the city and asked residents to move to safer places.
Army and civil administration are trying to evacuate trapped people and provide food to the displaced ones. Army today said in a statement that rescue and relief operations are ongoing in Multan, Muzaffargarh, Uchsharif, Bahawalpur and Athara Hazari. It also said more than 37,000 people have been rescued.
Meanwhile a junior commissioned officer of army was killed during rescue operation in Multan. The total death toll due to floods and rains have touched 280, according to National Disaster Management Authority. Over two million people have also been affected.

To restore calm  Armed Police from Jammu airlifted toValleyJammu and Kashmir police personnel wait to be airlifted by the air force to resume their duties at the flood affected areas of the Srinagar on Saturday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 6:52 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 6:53 pm
In the wake of attacks on rescue teams of NDRF and Army, two battalions of Armed Police have been airlifted from Jammu to flood-ravaged Kashmir Valley to maintain law and order.
A week after floods battered Srinagar, policemen are seen regulating traffic at several roads leading to the airport as communication has been restored in most police stations in the city.
“We have inducted two battalions of Armed Police from Jammu for maintaining law and order in the valley,” a senior police officer said.
The move comes in the aftermath of several incidents of stone-pelting on Army and National Disaster Response Force teams during relief and rescue operations in the valley, particularly in Srinagar.
Army had on Saturday requested the civil administration to deploy police personnel for maintaining law and order.
Communication has been restored in most of the police stations in flood-hit areas in Srinagar, DIG, Central Kashmir Range, Syed Ahfadul Mujtaba said.
Except four, all police stations in the city have been linked with the communication system, he said.
“Efforts are on to connect the remaining police stations for better management and coordination of relief and rescue efforts in inundated areas,” Mujtaba said.
Several police stations, which are either not affected by floods or where water has receded, have been turned into base camps for relief distribution in inundated areas, he said.
A week after floods ravaged the summer capital, presence of police on ground could be felt as cops were seen regulating traffic at several roads leading to Srinagar airport.
“We are starting from Airport and moving towards the city for deployment of police personnel. Some personnel who were trapped in water-logged areas or those who could not earlier report for duty have also resumed work,” the officer said.
The District Police Line, submerged under water, caused a major problem to the police department’s efforts in providing succour to the flood-hit population, Mujtaba said.
Meanwhile, Chief Secretary M I Khanday appealed to government employees to report for duty as soon as possible.
“If you don’t pay heed to this appeal, please listen to your conscience,” the message on Radio Kashmir said.
A police officer, on condition of anonymity, said the collapse of civil administration has put extra pressure on the police force.
“We are right now involved in relief distribution which is primarily the duty of the civil administration. As the water level is receding, hopefully, the administration will
spring into action in the next 48 hours to ease our burden,” he said.

Saudi Arabia s first all-female BPO centre operationalisedBS Reporter |  Pune Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 07:08 PM IST
Saudi Arabia's first all-female BPO centre operationalised
The 3,200 square meter facility will create up to 3,000 local jobs for Saudi women within the next three years.
Saudi Aramco, GE and Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) today inaugurated the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia's first all-female business process service centre. The Riyadh-based centre, which is supported by the Human Resources Development Fund Programs, complements Saudi Arabia's localiastion targets, and strengthens local job creation and economic diversification.
The all-female employee business process service centre, that was announced in September of 2013, will offer customers specialised Finance & Accounting, HR, Materials Supply and Office services to improve their operational efficiency. The 3,200 square meter facility will create up to 3,000 local jobs for Saudi women within the next three years.
"The first all-female business process service centre in Saudi Arabia brings significant value to the Saudi economy and society. It helps address the challenge of creating jobs for talented and skilled Saudi female graduates, establishes a more diverse workforce, and boosts the competitiveness of Saudi Arabia," said Saudi Aramco president and CEO Khalid Al Falih.
Saudi Aramco and GE are the initial clients of the centre that will provide specialized business services supporting the companies' operations. Both organizations have already surpassed their targets of hiring over 100 women each and also transferred business services to the centre.
In the centre's first phases, around 300 employees have been recruited. The employees received over 80,000 hours of intensive training in various disciplines. Nearly 90 of the Saudi recruits are fresh graduates, while the rest have two to four years of experience.
The business process service centre has already achieved over 70 per cent Saudization rate. The Saudi fresh graduates, who form part of the workforce, were chosen from King Saud University, Princess Noura University, Imam University and others. Over 1,200 candidates were interviewed for the jobs.
Last year, TCS and GE had announced the formation of the centre. TCS and GE will have 76 per cent and 24 per cent equity, respectively.
"Skills, talent and technology converge at the Kingdom's first all-female business process service centre, which marks a new era for the IT and business process services industry in the Kingdom. The centre draws on the experience of TCS in providing shared services across global markets and clients in the Kingdom can now focus on their core competencies while partnering with this venture," said Natarajan Chandrasekaran, CEO and MD of TCS.
 Advertisements

N-liability: Centre asks GIC to work on insurance planPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 05:50 PM IST
N-liability: Centre asks GIC to work on insurance plan
To sort out the liability issue plaguing Indian nuclear reactors, the Centre has asked General Insurance Company (GIC) to work on a model that could be applied to insure such facilities in the country.
To sort out the liability issue plaguing Indian nuclear reactors, the Centre has asked General Insurance Company (GIC) to work on a model that could be applied to insure such facilities in the country.
"This is preliminary work. We have asked GIC to prepare a product that can be used for the nuclear industry," said a senior government official.
Government sources said that the decision in the above regard was taken at a meeting between the Ministry of Finance and Department of Atomic Energy earlier this month.
The proposed (insurance) product would have to look into the capacity of a reactor and the liability and then work out the premium for insuring it.
"The work is in progress. We are interacting with the Indian industry as well as Indian insurance companies. I am sure there will a good solution available," said DAE secretary Ratan Kumar Sinha.
A senior government official said that "the problem is how does one circumvent the Right to Recourse".
Under the Civil Liability for Nuclear Damage Act, 2010, the operator, which is the Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL), has to pay Rs 1,500 crore to affected parties in case of an accident.
However, it can invoke the 'Right to Recourse', which has been objected to by several international players and domestic suppliers. Under this, NPCIL can seek damages from the suppliers.
"This means liability can be fixed on the suppliers. But a nuclear reactor may have several components from different suppliers. In case of an accident in one part, the supplier of another component cannot be held responsible.
"This has been one of the major grouses of suppliers. GIC has also been asked to look into this," the official said.
The official added that it also needs to be seen how much can GIC insure because the cost of insurance is exorbitant and the company may need the government's or other companies' support for it.
With suppliers raising concerns over certain aspects of the Nuclear Liability Act, DAE has decided to look into these worries to weed out "unnecessary liability".
Last year, DAE formed two committees to find out a middle path on the controversial issue keeping in view the concerns of foreign firms and the Indian Atomic Industrial Forum (IAIF), of which NPCIL and companies that manufacture components for nuclear power plants are a part.
 Advertisements

Maharashtra CM post to be decided after polls  saysBJPIn-charge of Maharashtra affairs BJP, Rajiv Pratap RudyRudy said the two alliance partners had not discussed the issue of chief ministership so far. This issue will be decided after the elections.
Press Trust of India | Pune | Posted: September 14, 2014 7:33 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 9:57 pm
Tension brewing within the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance over seat-sharing for upcoming Maharashtra assembly polls escalated today with BJP disapproving Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray’s statement that in the event of a saffron victory, the top post would go to his party and that he was not averse to assuming it.
BJP, an all-weather ally of Shiv Sena, is rankled by Uddhav’s public statement yesterday that the chief minister of Maharashtra will be from Shiv Sena only if the saffron alliance is voted to power after October 15 elections.
“It is for the people to decide if they trust me. They will decide whom they want as the face (chief minister). I am not hankering after any post but will not shy away from responsibility either..But the face will be from Shiv Sena only,” Uddhav had said.
Adding to unease in BJP, Sena had rubbed in with an editorial in its mouthpiece ‘Saamana’ using a risque metaphor to attack BJP, which has become more assertive over number of seats to contest in Assembly elections after its massive victory in Lok Sabha polls.
“Excessive lust leads to divorce. Allies in the coalition must dream of a victory. For this, all parties must give up the lust for more seats. To say we will stay in the coalition only if we get ‘so many seats’ is not right,” ‘Saamana’ had said.
Reiterating Uddhav’s statement, the party MP Sanjay Raut today said the next chief minister will be from Shiv Sena only.
“In two to three days, it will be clear to everyone that the Shiv Sena and BJP alliance, that has been going strong from the last many years is going to be strong this time as well..Who will be the CM of the state will be decided by Shiv Sena. The next CM will be from the Shiv Sena only,” Raut said in Mumbai.
Miffed with Sena’s aggressive stand on the issue, BJP today launched a counter attack saying that in the event of a victory in the Assembly elections, the next government will be led by BJP.
“Sanjay Raut is not a top leader of Sena. Talks are going on between the top leadership of the two parties. However, they (talks) have now hit a speed breaker,” party spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said.
“The next government in Maharashtra will be formed under the leadership of the BJP. Our national president (Amit Shah) had made this very clear while on his trip to Mumbai. And his decision is final,” Bhandari added.
Disapproving Uddhav’s statement which is prominently published in ‘Saamna’, BJP leader and in-charge of Maharashtra affairs, Rajiv Pratap Rudy said, “It is desirable to refrain from continued…

BJP MP triggers row  says madarsas impart  education of terrorismComments
The BJP’s MP from Unnao, Sakshi Maharaj, on Sunday accused madrasas of imparting “education of terrorism” and “breeding jihadis”.
The comments came close on the heels of another saffron-clad BJP MP, Yogi Adityanath, saying “where there are 20 to 35% of them (Muslims), communal riots take place”. Two FIRs have since been registered against the Gorakhpur MP on the election commission’s orders as the ‘hate speech’ was made in the run-up to the just concluded bypolls.
“Show me one madrasa where the national flag is unfurled on Independence or Republic Day,” Maharaj said to HT when asked about his comments. He also alleged Muslim men were “trapping” women from other communities. “Now that there is a nationalist government at the Centre, I have merely tried to highlight the threat the country faces from within,” he added.
The ruling SP and the Congress condemned the “outrageous” remarks. Muslim cleric Khalid Rasheed Firangi Mahal said, “It appears to be part of a systematic campaign to malign Muslims.”
The BJP has distanced itself from all such remarks.

India-bound Malaysian flight returns after defectprint
An India-bound flight of Malaysia Airlines was forced to return due to an auto-pilot defect, landing safely in Kuala Lumpur on Sunday, said the carrier already hit by the twin tragedies this year.
Flight MH198 from Kuala Lumpur to Hyderabad departed at 10.20pm last night but the Boeing 737-800 turned back due to an auto-pilot defect and landed safely at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport at 2.01am on Sunday, it said in a statement.
"The defect did not have any impact on the safety of the aircraft or passengers, however, as a precautionary measure, the operating captain decided to turn back," the airline said.
It refuted reports on social media that the aircraft caught fire. Initial reports had said that the plane had to make an emergency landing due to "burning fuel".
The airline said that upon arrival, passengers and crew disembarked safely and were given accommodation at nearby hotels.
The flight has been rescheduled to operate as MH198D and will depart Kuala Lumpur at 12pm on Sunday.
The airline said it regretted the disruption to its guests' travel plans but reiterated that safety of its passengers was its priority.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 with 239 people aboard lost contact on March 8. No trace of any wreckage has been found so far.
Another flight MH17 was shot down by a missile over eastern Ukraine on July 17, killing all 289 people aboard.

Maharashtra CM post to be decided after polls  says BJP#maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bjp #shiv sena #uddhav thackeray #rajiv pratap rudy
Pune: Tension within the Shiv Sena-BJP alliance over seat sharing for upcoming Maharashtra assembly polls became perceptible with BJP today disapproving Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray's statement that in the event of a saffron victory, the top post would go to Shiv Sena and that he was not averse to assuming it.
Expressing party's displeasure over the statement made by Thackeray on a TV channel and prominently published in the Sena mouthpiece 'Saamna', BJP leader in charge of Maharashtra affairs Rajiv Pratap Rudy said, "It is desirable to refrain from making such statements prior to elections and talks."
Addressing a news conference, Rudy said that the two alliance partners had not discussed the issue of chief ministership so far. "This issue will be decided after the elections," he said. Asked about dissensions within the 25-year-old saffron alliance in Maharashtra over the issue of seat-sharing for the October 15 polls, Rudy said BJP expected "a mature and respectable understanding" from the Sena.
"It is desirable to refrain from making such statements prior to elections and talks," BJP leader in charge of Maharashtra affairs Rajiv Pratap Rudy said.
The BJP, he said, had proposed that after allotting respective share of seats to smaller alliance partners, including RPI (Athavale) and Swabhiman Party led by Raju Shetty, the remaining seats should be divided equally between BJP and Shiv Sena.
"Based on this, we expect to contest about 135 seats, leaving the same number to Shiv Sena", Rudy said. In the 288-member house, Shiv Sena and BJP had contested 169 and 119 seats respectively in the last 2009 assembly elections.
Asked if BJP would go it alone and fight all 288 seats if the proposal failed to click with Shiv Sena, Rudy said, "Why to speculate? There is no plan A or B. We are awaiting their response."
He noted that the BJP chief Amit Shah had recently met Thackeray at 'Matoshree' and both the parties had decided to keep the alliance intact and fight the polls together. In reply to a question, he said, "Things have changed. There is no big or small brother in the alliance. We are partners."
Relying to a query, Rudy said it would be wrong to question the "maturity" of Uddhav Thackeray in reference to ongoing talks on seat sharing, adding that he had handled his party affairs well after the demise of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray.

West Bengal: Teacher kills self after fined Rs 1 lakh by  village court#west bengal #suicide #murshidabad #teacher
Baharampur: A teacher committed suicide after being ridiculed at a village reconciliation meeting and asked to pay Rs one lakh for allegedly having illicit relations with a married woman at Sagardighi in Murshidabad district on Sunday.
A top district police officer said Dilip Mondal consumed pesticide after being publicly abused at the meeting (Salishi Sabha) attended by 'village heads' where he was also asked to cough up Rs one lakh as compensation for "tarnishing the image" of the area and one Asim Majhi, whose residence he had visited and allegedly met his wife several times.
After last night's humiliation, Mondal, who did not talk to anyone, came back to his residence. His body was found with an empty pesticide bottle lying nearby after neighbours broke open the bolted door in presence of the police.
The body was found with an empty pesticide bottle lying nearby after neighbours broke open the bolted door in presence of the police.
Based on the suicide note, lying on the side of the body, police were on the lookout of Majhi.

Haines beheading: Cameron vows to extinguish ISISprint
In a strongly-worded response after an emergency meeting, Prime Minister David Cameron on Sunday vowed to ‘extinguish’ the Islamic State (IS) by taking ‘whatever steps necessary’ after a new video depicted the beheading of British aid worker David Haines.
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
 
“We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes,” he said, and added that “they are not Muslims, they are monsters” as he spelt out the measures Britain will take to counter the threat.
Read: Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
 
Haines, 44, was kidnapped in Syria in March 2013. The video showed him being beheaded by the same man with a British accent who had appeared in previous videos showing the beheading of US journalists Steven Sotloff and James Foley.
Speaking after chairing an emergency meeting, Cameron said: “We cannot just walk on by if we are to keep this country safe. Step by step, we must drive back, dismantle and ultimately destroy Isil and what it stands for”.
Alan Henning, another British hostage, is currently being held by the militant group.
Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
US president Barack Obama led a host of international leaders in condemning the latest beheading: "The United States strongly condemns the barbaric murder of UK citizen David Haines…The United States stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve”.
 
Calling Haines a ‘British hero’, Cameron said Britain will calmly work with allies to counter the challenge in the Middle East: “It must strengthen our resolve. We must recognise that it will take time to eradicate a threat like this. It will require, as I have described, action at home and abroad”.
Video: Those responsible for Haines death will be brought to justice: David Cameron
He added: "This is not something we can do on our own. We have to work with the rest of the world. Ultimately, our security as a nation, the way we go about our everyday lives in this free and tolerant society that is Britain, has always depended on our readiness to act against those who stand for hatred and who stand for destruction."
Read: After third beheading and warning of fourth, West set to unleash war on IS militants
Britain, he said, will upscale efforts to weed out such elements in the country through a comprehensive counter-terrorism strategy. It will also pursue action at the United Nations and help Kurds and other forces in the region opposed to the IS.
 
Mike Haines, brother of David Haines, said in a statement: “David was most alive and enthusiastic in his humanitarian roles. His joy and anticipation for the work he went to do in Syria is for myself and family the most important element of this whole sad affair."

Obama  Shocked  by Ray Rice Video  McDonough Saysobama  shocked  by ray rice video  mcdonough says
More Mobiles & Tablets Ready for now and tomorrow
Sabyasachi Biswas
The Note series of phablets have always been marketed as Samsung’s ‘next big thing’ and in ou... »
September 15, 2014
Piloting a new job at Apple
ANUJ SRIVAS
In 1997, Apple co-founder Steve Jobs returned to the company that he was so unceremoniously ejected from a decade earlier, beginning a second innings that the Wall Street Journal later chri... »
San Francisco, Sept 10  
Apple gives NFC chip tech a prized seal of approval
Reuters
Apple Inc's long-awaited launch of tap-to-pay technology in its new iPhones and smartwatch may be the seal of approval that near-field communication (NFC) technology needs to become as commonplace... »
CUPERTINO, Calif., Sept 9  
Apple unveils the Watch, larger iPhones at star-studded event
Reuters
Apple Inc unveiled the "Apple Watch" alongside two new iPhones with sharper and larger displays on Tuesday, calling the wearable device the next chapter in its history. The firs... »
San Francisco, Sept 9  
Apple to unveil new devices today
PTI
Apple pulls back the curtain today on its latest innovations, amid frenzied anticipation over new big-screen iPhones and possibly an “iWatch” which could shake up the world of wearable computing.<... »
New Delhi, Sept 8  
Micromax launches Canvas Nitro A310 at Rs 12,990
S Ronendra Singh
The country's second largest smartphone maker, Micromax, on Monday launched a new handset, Canvas Nitro A310, priced at Rs 12,990. The new smartphone from the company will be exclusively... »
New York, Sept 6  
Apple recruits renowned designer Marc Newson
PTI
Apple has recruited renowned Australian designer Marc Newson, whose creations have been featured by museums such as New York’s famous MoMA. “Marc is without question one of the most influ... »
New Delhi, Sept 5  
Motorola unveils new Moto G, Moto X, Moto 360 smartwatch
PTI
Riding high on the success of its affordable handsets, Motorola Mobility today unveiled the second generation of its popular Moto G and Moto X in India in an exclusive partnership with homegrown e... »
Hyderabad, Sept. 4  
Tata Docomo offers to replace your damaged phone
K V Kurmanath
Not satisfied with your new phone? Or upset over that scratch on the screen of your costly new phone? Swap it with a brand new one, Tata Docomo says.The telecom service provider has lau... »
September 4, 2014
Online and Only
Anuj Srivas
When the top executives of Motorola Mobility gathered together late last year to discuss the company’s re-entry into India, they were confronted with a burning question, the answer to which would... »
Dubai, Sept 4   
Study: Mobile phones will outnumber humans by year-end
PTI
Mobile phones will outnumber the human population by the end of 2014, reaching a staggering 7.3 billion, a new study has said. The study by the International Telecommunications Union con... »
New Delhi, Sept 2   

Earnings and GDP growth fuel India optimismLast updated: September 2, 2014 5:44 pm
India optimism fuelled by earnings and GDP growth
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/92e6f45c-327c-11e4-a5a2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Google debates right to be forgotten rulingSeptember 9, 2014 7:20 pm
Google launches public meetings on ‘right to be forgotten’ ruling
By Robert Cookson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/38e7ef4c-3830-11e4-9fc2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

6 things you can buy instead of iPhone 6Until recently, much of the video content on Facebook was YouTube videos, but Facebook now allows users to upload videos directly to its site. This enables the site to sell ads with the videos, the report said.
6 things you can buy instead of iPhone 6
New Delhi, September 10, 2014
First Published: 17:46 IST(10/9/2014)
print
Phil Schiller, Senior Vice President at Apple Inc, announces new pricing for iPhones an Apple event at the Flint Center in Cupertino, California. (Reuters Photo)
The net is flooded with articles advising you why you should scrounge, steal and break your kid's piggy bank to buy iPhone 6. It is thinner (an entire .2 inches than the phone you already have in your hand, woah), have a great camera (your duck pout in those selfies would look so much better) and so many other options (which you would never use but that's for another piece).
So, many of us will be blowing a month's salary (say, about Rs. 60,000) on this shiny new piece of Apple wizardry when it comes to India. That will give us bragging rights on our not-so-fortunate brethren for about a month after which it will be obsolete. Someone would have launched something even more breathtaking and have-able by then.
That's when we will start looking for that piggy bank again.
But when you are blowing your money on the latest gadgetry, realise there is so much more you could have done with the same amount of money. And even the kid will agree that this is piggy bank money well spent.
Go clubbing in Bali
Get your designer togs and buy a round trip to Bali. When not enjoying the scenic sights, you can head to clubs and party hard. And you know what, your existing phone will do just as well to capture the MANY  memorable moments of your Bali trip.
Damages: A round trip in economy costs Rs. 50,000. Spend the rest at the clubs.
A PlayStation 4, games and a lounger
At the price of one phone, you get an entire recreational room. You get to buy the Playstation 4, a lounger to go with it and games. Chances are there will be some change left for a couple of beers. Make a night of it.
Damages: Playstation 4 costs Rs. 39,990, but you can get it slightly cheaper if you shop online. Games come between Rs. 3,000-Rs 5,000. Lounger depends on your bargaining capabilities.
BOSE speakers
All you Apple fanboys, try BOSE this time. As good in getting you all the attention, and it will be a long time before someone will tell you, "You are STILL listening to that music system."
Damages: Rs 62,000.
A motorbike
No phone can make you an alpha male, only a bike can. A couple of more thousands and you can buy an Avenger or, even better, a second hand Enfield. Machismo comes complimentary.
Damages: An Avenger comes for about Rs. 85,000.
A 40 inch LED TV
Mobile phones are ephemeral, TVs are forever (or at least till curved TVs prove their worth). And for once, you can tell the family, you did it just for them. Enjoy all the perks which come with the brownie points. 
Damages: Rs 56,000 (Sony).
A new wardrobe
Not all Apple fans are fanboys, some are fangirls too. Why strike them dead with a phone for just one day. Change your entire wardrobe and stretch the process over weeks. Just heard: the Fall/Winter clothes in showrooms are just scrumptious.
Damages: Go hunting, strike a mean bargain.

Wal-Mart Tackles Healthcarewal-mart tackles healthcare
Apple moves into fashion business with Watch launchLast updated: September 10, 2014 6:44 pm
Apple moves into fashion business with Watch launch
By Tim Bradshaw and Richard Waters in San Francisco
Apple chief Tim Cook unveils his group’s key new products – the latest iPhone and and the Apple Watch – in California on Tuesday
Next Thumbnails
Previous Thumbnails
Google is investing hundreds of millions of dollars in self-driving cars and prolonging life. Amazon is testing deliveries by drone . Facebook is toying with virtual reality and flying internet access into far-flung places in solar powered planes.
Apple , meanwhile, is going into the fashion business.
More
Monitise losses outpace revenue growth
In spite of the seemingly different scales of ambition and complexity, all have something in common: they are long-term bets that will take many years to make a significant dent in these vast companies’ bottom lines.
After years of speculation, Apple’s new Watch was launched by Tim Cook, chief executive, in Cupertino on Tuesday. As the unusual group of Vogue editors and other fashion journalists invited to the event attests, Apple sees the device as more than just technology: “It’s something functional yet incredibly beautiful,” Mr Cook said.
While others in Silicon Valley may try to bring forward a science-fiction vision of the future, Mr Cook says that Apple wants to create products that help people’s everyday lives, such as through the smartwatch’s health-tracking apps, and solve more personal technological challenges.
“We wanted to create something that was very personal. We felt that the wrist was the best place to do that,” Mr Cook told the Financial Times.
“We can help people live a better day with this. But we love innovating around things that require seamless innovation of hardware, software and services. You can see all those together in the watch.”
As well as these technological achievements, Apple stands to profit handsomely from its Watch if it proves anywhere near as popular as the iPod, iPad and iPhone.
The device will cost upwards of $350 when it goes on sale early next year – a price that is higher than many analysts had predicted, and one that will jump for the gold version with a leather strap.
Your opinion
That cost may limit how many customers can afford Apple’s Watch, but of the 200m people who already own compatible iPhones, many affluent consumers may shell out for Apple’s latest gadget purely for early-adopter kudos.
“Tim Cook has been under a lot of pressure the past 12 months,” said Geoff Blaber of CCS Insights. “They needed to get a toe in the water.”
After seeing the Watch, Citi predicts that Apple will sell 14m in its first year and 15m in its second. That overshoots its forecast for Samsung to sell 4m smartwatches and fitness bands this year, and will add $12bn to Apple’s revenues over the next two years.
But given the vast scale of Apple’s existing iPhone business, which has sold more than 550m devices to date, Citi sees the Watch making up just 3 per cent of its annual sales.
With pent-up demand from Apple customers with older models, analysts see the iPhone 6 kick-starting a huge upgrade cycle. Many see the jumbo-sized 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, which costs $100 more than previous models, as driving higher margins, although that may be offset by Apple increasing the memory it provides for the same price in more expensive models. 
The introduction of larger-screen iPhones eliminates a key differentiator that has insulated Samsung, Sony, HTC and LG large-screen flagship smartphones from iPhone competition
- IHS
Concerns linger about Apple’s ability to meet consumer demand for the iPhone 6 Plus in the run-up to Christmas. Nonetheless, IHS, a researcher, predicts that the new iPhone will propel Apple ahead of Microsoft's Nokia as the world’s second-largest maker of mobile phones after Samsung – including all phones, not just smartphones. 
“The introduction of larger-screen iPhones eliminates a key differentiator that has insulated Samsung, Sony, HTC and LG large-screen flagship smartphones from iPhone competition,” IHS said. 
For the Watch to move the financial needle – and impress Wall Street, which left Apple shares broadly flat after Tuesday’s announcements – the tech group will need to convince more than just early adopters that its pricey bracelet belongs on their wrists.
That is something Apple’s competitors have failed to do, analysts say. Some have chastised Apple for being slow to catch up with arch-rival Samsung, which launched its first smartwatch more than a year ago, but Mr Cook is unruffled by such complaints.
More video
“We ship things when we believe they are ready,” he said. “For us, it’s much more important to be the best than to be the first.”
Apple did not have the first MP3 player, smartphone or tablet, either, he continued. “You could say we had the first modern one of all of those, and I think you can make the same point today that we have the first modern smartwatch.”
Some analysts watching Apple’s event on Tuesday seemed to agree.
“They got the design right,” said Carolina Milanesi of Kantar Worldpanel, a market research unit of WPP. “They’ve taken the technology out of it, which is not what everyone else is doing. They made it much more appealing to a wider audience.”
Many noted that Apple packed a lot more ideas in to its smartwatch than the first version of the iPhone, which lacked seemingly key features such as 3G wireless and an app store.
“I’ve seen a lot of smart watches – this one was really polished,” said Richard Doherty of Envisioneering.
I’m underwhelmed. They should have tried to do a few things well. Apple is missing its editor
- Om Malik, tech blogger turned investor
But some complained that Apple had lost its famous focus by trying to sell consumers on something that is part jewellery, part sports device, part communicator, part wallet and even, according to Mr Cook, a remote control for the Apple TV box.
“I’m underwhelmed,” said Om Malik, a tech blogger turned investor with True Ventures, a San Francisco group that counts fitness band maker Fitbit among its portfolio.
“I feel that they should have tried to do a few things well. Apple is missing its editor,” Mr Malik added, in a reference to Apple co-founder Steve Jobs’ capacity to axe features and products even at late stages of development.
Many are looking to the app developer community to come up with something to convince consumers to buy the Watch. Here, Apple retains an advantage over rival app stores such as Android’s Google Play.
Mr Cook said that part of the reason for launching the Watch months in advance of its release to consumers was to get developers working.
If they do not come up with the substance, Apple will have to fall back on the Watch’s style until they do, analysts say.
“Every wearable device we’ve seen to date has been in search of a reason to use it,” said Mr Blaber. “This is a step in a long journey.”
Related Topics

Apple yet to set release date of iPhone 6 for ChinaApple yet to set release date of iPhone 6 for China
Reuters
Tweet
REUTERS A woman holds a mock iPhone 6 plus (L) and an iPhone 5s as she waits in a line, ahead of the September 19 release of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in front of an Apple Store at Tokyo's Ginza shopping district September 10, 2014.
Beijing, Sept 11:  
Millions of people in China, increasingly a critical pillar of Apple Inc's business, may have to wait until the year-end before they can buy the new iPhone 6.
Although the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus will go on sale on September 19 in the United States and other markets, Apple is yet to set a release date for China, the world's biggest smartphone market. China Mobile, the key distributor of the new iPhone with more than 700 million subscribers on its sprawling network, declined to comment.
At China Mobile's Beijing branch, two customer service representatives and a sales agent told Reuters they had received a staff-wide memo on Thursday morning informing them that the phones would not be shipped until "the end of the year." The memo could not be verified by Reuters.
But if the year-end projection were true, then the staggered global debut would be a departure from one year ago when Apple released the iPhone 5s and 5c simultaneously in 11 countries and territories including the United States, China, Hong Kong, Japan and Germany.
By late Thursday, rumours that the iPhone could be delayed until December had begun spreading on the Chinese social network Weibo. Many "huangniu" - salespeople who smuggle iPhones into mainland China from Hong Kong at a price - also started to tout devices for sale from late September.
Chinese media speculated on Thursday that Apple had not yet received a routine certification from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology (MIIT), which inspects new smartphones before they are allowed on Chinese carrier networks.
The ministry website, which notifies the public of newly approved phone models, did not list the new iPhones as of Thursday. If the MIIT certificate were the only hurdle, iPhone sales could theoretically begin as soon as they are approved.
Adding to the confusion this week was a page on Apple's website that said consumers in Australia, China, Hong Kong and Singapore would be able to buy the new iPhones on Sept. 26 as part of the first wave of sales in Asia.
In an overnight edit, Apple deleted the reference to the date and removed China altogether from the list of Asian markets to receive imminent iPhone shipments.
Differing Accounts
The speculation over the release date comes at a time when Apple increasingly relies on China, which now carries Apple's phones on all of its three network service providers including China Telecom and China Unicom Hong Kong.
The April-June quarter saw a 50-percent year-on-year surge in iPhone sales in China, effectively salvaging an otherwise lacklustre second quarter for the Cupertino-based company.
Apple declined to comment on its release plans, saying only that "China is a key market for us and we will get there as soon as possible".
Third-party sellers and sales representatives at China Mobile's Beijing branch said the launch date had been pushed back from when they had expected, but offered differing accounts of when the phone would go on sale.
A spokeswoman for China Mobile could not confirm whether there had been a staff-wide notice saying the iPhone 6 would only start shipping at the year-end, or otherwise provide comment.
China Unicom and China Telecom could not be reached for comment.
"Darn, what should I do?" lamented one user named Super Jiang on Weibo, China's biggest microblog. "I'm miserable. Should I grab a Hong Kong version or wait until the end of the year for a mainland version?"
Although Apple has never officially announced a release date in China, Chinese carriers had stoked excitement in recent weeks by taking tens of thousands of pre-orders for an unnamed device accompanied by a not-so-subtle number "6" graphic.
Apple's status in China has been the subject of speculation after reports emerged last month that the government has banned Apple products from official use. The reports were later found to be inaccurate.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)

JSW set to acquire 3 re-rolling mills of Italian steelmaker LucchiniHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
JSW set to acquire 3 re-rolling mills of Italian steelmaker Lucchini
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 12:  
JSW Steel is poised to take over three special steel re-rolling mills of bankrupt Italian steelmaker Lucchini located in Tuscany province. The three units together have the capacity to re-roll 1 million tonnes of steel.
JSW Steel’s Senior Vice-President (Global Sales) Sharad Mahindra confirmed that the company was indeed in advanced negotiations for the asset purchase. The deal for acquiring the asset at a “nominal cost” could come through within weeks, he indicated.
Observers familiar with Italian bankruptcy laws, said JSW might pay a token amount of one euro each and provide an undertaking to keep the units running without job cuts for a stipulated period.
JSW official, however, declined to mention the proposed price. JSW would not have to make an upfront payment but keep the mills in operation to keep the existing employments, he said.
The deal, which is being supported by the Italian Government as well as the bankruptcy court, was mainly to protect around 1,100 existing employees and value-addition in Italy.
Lucchini, which was declared bankrupt in 2012 and was placed under special administration, has a steel plant, coke oven unit and port facilities, apart from the re-rolling mills.
However, JSW was not buying the steel-making and other assets. JSW, which intends to export semi-finished steel items from its Indian units to the Italian re-rolling mills for producing finished products for the European market, will have the rights to access Lucchini’s port facility on the Tuscan coast.
Mahendra admitted that JSW, which began importing iron ore this year, might end up importing around 7 million tonnes of ore during the financial year. Last year it did not import at all. Lower ore prices and sea-borne logistic costs against domestic supply constraints and higher prices have prompted the company to resort to import of the raw material.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Award for Taj Falaknuma PalaceAward for Taj Falaknuma Palace
V. Rishi Kumar
Taj Falaknuma recognised at Conde Nast Traveler Readers’ Awards 2014
Hyderabad, Sept. 12:  
Taj Falaknuma Palace located here has been recognized by the Condé Nast Traveler Readers’ Awards 2014 UK, as the 5th Best hotel in the Asia and India Hotels category.
While Rambagh Palace Jaipur featured in 11th place in the same category, Taj Mahal Palace, Mumbai was voted 29th in the World’s Top 100 list compiled by the magazine with Taj Falaknuma Palace ranked 40th.
The 17th Edition of the Condé Nast Traveler Annual Readers’ Travel Awards were announced in London last week and the formal listings will appear in the October issue of the British magazine.
Chosen by the magazine’s readers, these awards reflect the views of discerning guests on the best the travel world has to offer.
Taj Falaknuma Palace is a landmark hotel and a custodian of art, culture, heritage in the city and continues to stand testimony to a Royal legacy.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Tobacco auctions set to conclude in APTobacco auctions set to conclude in AP
Ch R S Sarma
Tweet
Guntur, Sept 12:  
Virginia tobacco auctions on the auction floors in Andhra Pradesh are on the verge of conclusion and so far 210 million kgs of the crop has been sold at an average price of Rs 119 a kg, against the average price of Rs 113.80 a kg last year, according to sources. The auction process has come to a close on all the floors except those in the northern light soils of West Godavari district and there too it is likely to close by the week-end.
The bright grades accounted for 47.6 per cent of the crop, fetching Rs 124.83 a kg on the average, the medium grades 35.90 per cent fetching Rs 119.93 a kg and the low grades accounting for the rest at an average of Rs 87.44 a kg. The bright grade outturn was a positive feature this season, sources said.
In the northern black soil floors, 3.91 million kg of tobacco was sold at an average price of Rs 106.91 a kg, and in the southern black soils 76.69 million kg of crop was sold at an average price of Rs 109.72 a kg and in the southern light soils 64.17 million kg sold at an average price of Rs 110.45 a kg. In the northern light soils of West Godavari, 65.75 million kg of tobacco was sold at an average price of Rs 110.45 a kg.
Tobacco Board Chairman K. Gopal said there was a substantial surplus of nearly 40 million kg of tobacco in AP against the authorised crop size of 172 million kg. "A margin of 10 per cent of surplus or so is acceptable but anything beyond that is a matter which has to be dealt with. We have imposed penalties on the surplus and collected nearly Rs 35 crore or so. Our objective is to inculcate discipline among farmers as the surplus would have a bearing on the prices, especially when the international market conditions are not conducive. Crop regulation is of the essence, and we will take all measures to curb surplus production," he said.
The auctions in Karnataka will begin from September 15 and the board has authorised a crop size of 104 million kg in that State. "We do not expect any substantial surplus in Karnataka. The outlook is bright for the State," he said.
One positive feature in Andhra Pradesh this season was that there were no illegal sales of tobacco off the floors and the entire crop, surplus and all, was sold on the floors. "We have exercised much greater control over the process than ever and it has resulted in stoppage of off-the-floor sales of tobacco," he added.

NSEL case: FIR registered for smearing judge s face on Facebook postMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Indias overall deal activities fallHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
India’s overall deal activities fall
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
The overall deal activities fell drastically to $1.6 billion in value terms in August, with the Indian companies conducting 95 deals during the month.
This compares with $8.39 billion in July across 110 deals, which had some large deals such as Reliance-Jaypee, Diageo-United spirits and PE deals including investment in Flipkart, according to Grant Thornton India’s Dealtracker report.
Under-deals, Grant Thornton India - an assurance, tax and advisory firm - covers mergers and acquisitions, private equity and stake stale among others.
"August has been a relatively dull month...,” Harish H.V., Partner at Grant Thornton India said.
“However, we see the overall trend continuing in terms of quantity of deals. We have seen some very interesting deals in the infrastructure and manufacturing sector among the corporate M&A, and we continue to see an uptick in the private equity and cross-border deals as we go along,” he added.
While cross-border deals fell to $375 million during the month, compared with $3.2 billion, domestic deals rose to $742 million ($376 million).
Adani Power’s acquisition of Lanco Infratech Ltd's 1,200 MW plant in Uduppi, JSW Steel’s buyout of Welspun Maxsteel and Shree Cement’s acquisition of Jaiprakash Associates cement unit were among the highlights during the month.
On the private equity front, Tiger Global and Bharti Softbank Holdings’s investment of $65 million in Hike Technologies, Falcon Edge Capital and Rocket Internet’s investment of $60 million in Foodpanda and Metmin Investment’s acquisition of Avigo's stake in Spykar Lifestyle stood out during the month.
At an overall level, deal numbers and values are up this year compared with the previous two years. This year, on the M&A front, will be much better compared with the previous two years, the report said.
The overall deal value during the month under review also fell compared with that posted during the same month a year ago. The overall deals stood at $4.7 billion in August 2013.
In August last year, there were many outbound deals such as ONGC’s acquisition of an oil field in Mozambique for $2.5 billion.
The month also saw two Qualified Institutional Placement (QIP) worth $204 million that of Prestige Estates and Karur Vysya Bank.
rajesh.kurup@thehindu.co.in

Recovery stumbles on weak industry outputRecovery stumbles on weak industry output
K. R. Srivats
Retail inflation eases to 7.8% in August
New Delhi, Sept 12:  
Industrial output growth slowed to a four-month low in July, underscoring the economy’s struggle to make a sustained recovery from its longest stretch of below-par growth in decades. But inflation data offered some cheer.
Factory output data for July 2014, released on Friday, were disappointing, with growth pegged at a modest 0.5 per cent — the lowest this fiscal — against the revised growth level of 3.9 per cent in June.
The IIP performance was weighed down by a contraction in manufacturing, which continues to be a pain point for policymakers, and a fall in growth rates in both electricity generation and mining. India Inc felt the muted industry growth — on the back of negative growth in manufacturing — indicated that a full-fledged recovery was still some distance away though anecdotal evidence suggests some pick up in new orders.
A sustained recovery would be indicated by an improvement in the offtake of commercial credit by industry, said Confederation of Indian Industry Director-General Chandrajit Banerjee, adding that the Government was receptive to industry concerns and industry sentiments were strong.
However, stock markets are expected to shrug off this disappointing factory output data when they open on Monday given the general optimism among investors that the Narendra Modi-led Government will take efforts to cut red tape and revive stalled projects.
Anis Chakravarty, Senior Director for Deloitte in India, said the July IIP numbers showed that mining and electricity were largely in line with expectations though manufacturing again disappointed.
“It is important that the focus on manufacturing is intensified if industry numbers are to pick up. There are risks that electricity numbers will suffer in the coming months which can bring IIP down.”
Price cheer
The disappointment on the industry front was to some extent eased by retail inflation, measured by the consumer price index (CPI), staying under 8 per cent for the third consecutive month in August, at 7.80 per cent. This is lower than 7.96 per cent in July, helped mainly by slower annual increases in the prices of fuel, light and clothes.
Pressure on food still remains with the overall food inflation inching up to 9.42 per cent (9.36 per cent), despite some softening in vegetable price inflation.
The latest retail inflation print has raised hopes that the RBI will be able to keep consumer price based inflation within its 8 per cent goal by January 2015.
Together, the two indices — retail inflation for August and factory output for July — showed mixed signals and indicated that the RBI will keep policy rates unchanged at its review meeting on September 30, say economy watchers.

Snowman market debut yields 2-6 times gains for PE playersMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Outperform on Coal India  target Rs 425Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Editorial: Double whammyMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Editorial: Not by Draghi aloneMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Indias new growth paradigmMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Column: Monetary policy irrelevant for inflationMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Apple wages war on the walletSeptember 12, 2014 7:06 pm
Apple wages war on the wallet
By FT reporters
Apple Pay is poised to do for payment companies what the iPod did for the music industry
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7ffa706e-3a63-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Indias economic confidence returnsSeptember 1, 2014 4:51 pm
India eyes China as economic confidence returns
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/16490bd2-31c4-11e4-b377-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

GSFC surges 40% in 6 days  hits 22-year high on urea policy hopeMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

AP Govt reschedules red sanders  e-auction to Oct 10AP Govt reschedules red sanders' e-auction to Oct 10
G Naga Sridhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 13:  
The Andhra Pradesh Government has postponed the e-tender-cum-e-auction of red sanders from September 19 to October 10-17, 2014.
The rescheduling was done to facilitate foreign buyers to visit red sanders' depots after the completion of roadshows by officials in China and Japan, A V Joseph, Principal Chief Conservator of Forests, Andhra Pradesh Government, told newspersons here on Saturday.
The Chinese authorities had sought a minimum time of 15 days after the roadshow for the Chinese bidders.
There were also some operational issues to be addressed, the official added.
A host of measures were also announced to ensure transparency.
MSTC Ltd was directed to furnish only the highest bid amount for each lot without disclosing the identity of the purchaser to the principal chief conservator of forests for confirmation.
Foreign buyers could export the material either from Chennai or any other port in the State with police security, Joseph said.
The Government had earlier announced the sale of about 8,584 tonnes of red sanders. In the first phase, 4,000 tonnes would be e-auctioned with a starting price of Rs 7 lakh per tonne.
So far, 415 prospective buyers had visited the depots. "This includes 140 foreign buyers, out of which 109 were from China," the official said.
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)

Iron ore glut: Are shutdowns the only way outThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

West Bengal Govt to transfer its stake in Haldia Petrochem to TCGHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
West Bengal Govt to transfer its stake in Haldia Petrochem to TCG
PTI
The naphtha cracker unit of Haldia Petrochemicals
Kolkata, Sept 13:  
The West Bengal Government has decided to transfer its shareholding in favour of Purnendu Chatterjee’s TCG, which was also a major shareholder in troubled Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd (HPL).
Sources close to the development told PTI that the West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation (WBIDC) would transfer its block of around 40 per cent to TCG at Rs 25.10 a piece, a price which was offered by state-owned Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) when the Government had invited EoIs last year.
Although IOC turned out to be the sole valid bidder, the transaction fell through as TCG moved court over the controversial 155 million shares block which WBIDC claimed was owned by it.
Later, IOC withdrew from the transaction process. The PSU was having around nine per cent stake in HPL.
The plant, located at Haldia, had been shut for more than two months with authorities citing reasons of a technical snag.
Asked about the possible outcome of the deal, one of the members of the lenders’ consortium to HPL said that with both the warring promoters smoking the peace pipe, this would augur well for the future of the company.
“The company had approached the lenders for additional infusion of funds which would now be forthcoming as the ownership issue will get resolved”, the banker said.
The company had long been facing fund crunch and was operating the plant at sub-optimal capacity owing to non-availability of naphtha in desired amount.
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)

Show Us the Money: EU Seeks Billions of Euros to Revive EconomyChina Likely to Set Up Industrial Parks in India: Commerce Minister
Milan, Italy: The European Union sought ways on Saturday to marshal billions of euros into its sluggish economy without getting deeper into debt, casting the net wide to consider options from a pan-European capital market to a huge investment fund.
Finance ministers from the bloc's 28 countries are fleshing out a host of ideas circulating in European capitals. With interest rates already at record lows, ministers need radical steps to help growth at a time of near record unemployment.
From Poland's 700-billion-euro ($907 billion) 'European Fund for Investments' to the European Central Bank's plan to resurrect the EU's market for asset-backed securities, Europe's ability to get credit flowing to small companies is central to its economic revival.
"We're thinking about instruments that facilitate investments," Italy's economy minister, Pier Carlo Padoan, said as he arrived for the gathering in Milan.
"Resources (for investments) will come mostly from the private sector but of course public sector resources will be instrumental in leveraging them," he said.
The European Union's economy, which generates about a quarter of global output, grew by just 0.1 per cent last year and its jobless rate is almost double that of the United States, with around 25 million people unemployed.
Investment is the new buzz word among ministers, overriding the German mantra of budget cuts. Germany is under growing pressure from partners like France and Italy to loosen the fiscal reins and use its overflowing government coffers to ramp up public investment.
But German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schaeuble this week rebuffed calls for Berlin to spend more to boost the euro zone economy which showed no growth in the second quarter as recovery stalls.
In a speech in Milan, ECB President Mario Draghi described business investment as "one of the great casualties" of the financial crisis, saying it has fallen 20 per cent since 2008.
"We will not see a sustainable recovery unless this changes," he told officials on Thursday night.
The incoming president of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, wants a 300 billion-euro ($410 billion) investment programme to revive the European economy.
Unlike in the United States, European companies rely on banks to provide 80 per cent of loans, but banks are reluctant to lend following the worst crisis in a generation.
In Italy, Europe's fourth-largest economy, credit to companies has shrunk by more than 70 billion euros since mid-2011 and is still contracting, central bank data shows.
That problem is mirrored across Europe, holding back the recovery because smaller companies provide two out of every three private-sector jobs in the European Union.
Italian Organic Jam
Indebted countries like Italy and France have little public money for businesses. Another hangover of the crisis is the differing cost of financing across the euro zone in a currency area that aimed to create the same financing conditions for all.
At their meeting, ministers have four ideas in front of them: an Italian paper on new financing tools for companies, a Franco-German proposal on how to boost private investments, a Polish proposal on creating a joint EU fund and the Juncker Commission's call for the 300-billion-euro programme.
Poland wants a 'European Fund for Investments' that would be able to finance, through leveraging its own capital, 700 billion euros worth of investment. The fund could be a special-purpose vehicle under the umbrella of the European Investment Bank, the EU bank owned by European governments.
"The European Investment Bank isn't short of money. There's a shortage of projects and if we can match the money with good projects, we'll get there," said Luxembourg's finance minister, Pierre Gramegna.
Italy's proposal is a pan-European market, where smaller companies can raise capital, building on its "minibond" legislation in 2012 that allows unlisted companies to issue.
That could be part of a EU capital-market union, building on the euro zone's banking union, but that will need to closely involve London, the leading financial centre in Europe.
Twenty-six Italian family businesses, including one that makes organic jam, issued bonds in the past two months, raising 1 billion euros combined, according to the Italian treasury.
"This is not just about funding small companies per se, it is about funding high growth companies," said Nicolas Veron, an expert on capital markets at the Bruegel economic think-tank in Brussels. "They start small but the ones you are really interested in are the ones with the high growth potential."
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Spectrum sharing  trading guidelines by year-end: Telecom MinThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

NRI investment in Indian realty may rise 35%: SurveyThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Ban entry of Muslims in Garba events: Pravin TogadiaMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Asia must innovate  or stagnateKishore Mahbubani & Bindu N Lohani |  Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 09:50 PM IST
Kishore Mahbubani & Bindu N Lohani: Asia must innovate, or stagnate
How to create knowledge-based economies: a way for countries to avoid the middle-income trap and achieve high-income status
Asia's developing economies face a choice that will define their future prospects. They can stick with the growth model that got them this far, but which is now running out of steam. Or they can embrace a new model that promises faster, more sustainable growth.
A simple choice, it would seem. But, as shown by a new Asian Development Bank (ADB) study, Innovative Asia: Advancing the Knowledge-Based Economy, this new model won't happen unless Asia's developing economies reinvent themselves. They must become knowledge economies driven not just by factories and farms, but by innovators and entrepreneurs backed by advanced technologies, world-leading education systems, and business-friendly policies. These economies are fuelled by new industries like online retail, medical diagnostics, and patented research.
This transition is already apparent in parts of Asia. Japan tops a new Creative Productivity Index from ADB and the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU), on turning innovation inputs - which underwrite knowledge economies - into tangible results. South Korea is the second-ranked Asian country overall, courtesy of strong infrastructure, while Singapore's robust institutions and protections for investments and contracts make it number one on innovation inputs. ( INNOVATIVE ECONOMIES )
But progress has been piecemeal in much of developing Asia, where no one country has cracked the code of a successful knowledge economy.
Poor underlying skills and infrastructure frustrate the knowledge ambitions of these emerging economies. This is alarming given that the competitive edge provided by cheap labour can no longer deliver the hyper-growth that has tripled Asia's share of global gross domestic product since 1980. Without a course correction, a middle-income trap looms for much of the region as rising wages and low productivity smother growth.
Knowledge economies offer a way of avoiding this trap and achieving high-income status. Leapfrogging old technology to move up the value chain can turn emerging economies into global leaders in innovative products and services.
India, for example, was transformed from a technology laggard into one of the world's biggest mobile phone markets after its telecommunications sector was liberalised in the 1990s. It quickly skipped up the global information and communications technology (ICT) value chain, and now IT-enabled services tally 40 per cent of its service exports. Similarly, Malaysia was a largely resource-based economy until it started promoting technology industries 20 years ago. Today, ICT accounts for nearly 30 per cent of its total exports.
The knowledge gap is narrowing on other fronts as well. India and the People's Republic of China (PRC) doubled research and development spending between 2007 and 2012. Kazakhstan has become an easier place in which to do business in recent years after making key regulatory and bureaucratic reforms. Malaysia, Sri Lanka, and the PRC have strengthened their intellectual property regimes - and now rank above the world average.
But these advances only hint at the untapped potential of knowledge industries across Asia. How can that potential be unleashed?
Governments must take coordinated policy action on four fronts. They should follow Singaporean rather than Soviet models on regulating an economy. The Soviet Union had strong research and higher education capacity, but its planned economy nullified many returns. Singapore, by contrast, has responded to changing global realities by nimbly transforming itself - initially into a financial centre and then into an East Asian hub for education and health.
A second task is to ensure colleges and universities produce graduates with the right skills. This doesn't happen in parts of Asia, where 45 per cent of employers surveyed by the Manpower Group in 2012 reported difficulties filling positions due to a lack of suitable talent - while student enrolment languishes. More private sector engagement can help, as shown by promising initiatives like the Infosys Global Education Centre in Delhi which works with chambers of commerce to bolster work-ready skills. Massive open online courses, which offer studies via open web access, can boost student numbers.
Next, Asia must expand its low Internet penetration. For knowledge economies to prosper, connectivity must cover everyone. Closing the digital divide demands strong government support. South Korea hasn't looked back since it launched a national IT strategy 20 years ago, created a fund to spur infrastructure investment and connected more than 10,000 schools to the Internet.
Finally, developing Asia's ability to innovate is hobbled by low spending on research and development. On this measure emerging Asia falls far short of the spend on research and development - around 1.5 per cent of gross domestic product - that Singapore, South Korea and other Asian countries spent to progress beyond the middle-income bracket. Hitting this benchmark would spur an entrepreneurial boom which could be channelled into life-changing innovations for the region's poor.
This pro-poor dividend adds a note of urgency to the call for knowledge economies in Asia. They can advance inclusive growth in hard-to-reach areas, like health, education, and banking where mobile and cloud technologies can empower under-served citizens. Rolling out these services is expedited by cheaper hardware, as in India where mobile phone tariffs plunged after deregulation, making them common even in remote rural areas.
Emerging Asia has the makings of a knowledge economy, but the job remains unfinished. Now is the time to make bold choices - or a huge opportunity will be missed.
Kishore Mahbubani is dean of the Lee Kuan Yew School of Public Policyin Singapore. Bindu Lohani is a vice-president of the Asian Development Bank
 Advertisements

Fixing the Foreign Bribery BillSandeep Verma |  Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 09:48 PM IST
Sandeep Verma: Fixing the Foreign Bribery Bill
The Bill, once enacted, will govern the ethical behaviour of Indian companies in their foreign operations
India's new executive leadership has repeatedly affirmed its strong commitment to combating corruption in public life; and in this context, it may be useful to revisit certain provisions of the Prevention of Bribery of Foreign Public Officials and Officials of Public International Organisations Bill, 2011 (the Foreign Bribery Bill) placed before Parliament almost three years back. It may not be aligned with the vision of a strong and vibrant Indian industry competing in global spaces on equal terms, given that some provisions of the current Bill could place Indian business entities on a non-level playing field vis-à-vis their foreign counterparts. And some of its other provisions may accord a special status to foreign legal processes without obtaining reciprocal status for processes issued by Indian courts.
The Bill, once enacted, will govern the ethical behaviour of Indian companies in their foreign operations. It defines "bribery" much more broadly than similar laws applying to their foreign competitors, potentially causing both legal and business harm to Indian industry in the process. The United States' Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) excludes "facilitation" payments (also known as "speed" payments or "customary" payments) made to foreign public officials from a definition of punishable bribery. The FCPA allows for two affirmative defences in addition: (i) an exemption for payments which are lawful under foreign law, such as "compulsory" payments made under an importing country's offset requirements or mandatory CSR requirements; and (ii) another exemption for "reasonable and bonafide" expenses directly related to the promotion or demonstration of products or services related to the execution or performance of a contract. It is easy to see that all these three types of business transactions can easily mask bribes.
Similarly, while Britain's Anti Bribery Act (ABA) does not exempt customary payments, the executive guidance issued recently discourages British prosecutors from pursuing foreign bribery charges in respect of facilitation and compulsory payments. Given that most foreign contracts are high-value, where the contract-deciding and decision-expediting roles vest within the same set of officials, the exception and affirmative defence clauses under the FCPA and the ABA, in effect, allow foreign entities to disguise contract decision-influencing payments (which are prohibited under the FCPA/ ABA) as exempt payments, resulting in "business as usual".
On the other hand, India's Bill has a more comprehensive definition of bribery and contains no exceptions at all. This makes it a more morally correct formulation - suitable for an ideal, perfect world. However, it may have adverse business implications for Indian companies operating in foreign markets: a large class of payments by their foreign competitors to foreign officials would be exempt from bribery charges under their domestic laws, while an Indian company would be liable to criminal prosecution for similar payments under India's own foreign bribery law.
Another interesting feature of the Bill is that it grants automatic access in India for legal processes originating from foreign governments and foreign courts in other UNCAC (UN Convention Against Corruption) countries. More specifically, section 7 of the Bill declares that all offences under the Bill shall be deemed to have been included as extraditable offences and (shall be deemed to have been) provided for in all the extradition treaties made by India with convention (UNCAC) countries. As a result, Indian courts would be compelled to treat requests from all UNCAC-covered foreign courts and governments as automatically extraditable, without the Indian legal system obtaining any equivalent guarantee for processes issued by its own courts.
This could be a cause for concern when examined in light of observations from India's higher courts that a warrant issued by a foreign court cannot be executed in India without a formal request from the foreign government concerned for extradition of the accused under an existing extradition treaty or agreement in terms of the Extradition Act, 1962.
The proposed formulation could also enable (relatively) much easier extradition of public officials and business managers from India, placing them at the doorstep (and associated whims and fancies) of foreign courts and foreign legal systems.
The way forward for resolving these tricky issues, while still moving forward on combating foreign corruption by India as obligated under the UNCAC, appears to be relatively simple, particularly since the UNCAC itself gives participating countries an option to choose either the convention or their own domestic extradition law as the legal basis for extradition.
Suggested reforms could include the following: (i) India's Bill can be reworded to allow the same exceptions to its own industry in their foreign operations, as are available to their foreign competitors under their domestic legal frameworks such as the FCPA and executive guidance under the ABA; and (ii) the benefit of automatic extradition, in a limited form, can be restricted to "contracting states" as defined in the Bill, after ensuring alignment with aspects such as "dual criminality" and with provisions of the Extradition Act. That would limit extradition to a narrowly defined range of offences and to those countries that bilaterally negotiate with India equivalent access for India's legal processes - rather than unilaterally extending extradition benefits for a wide range of offences to all UNCAC countries.
Without these changes, Indian industry could well face an adverse level-playing field vis-à-vis their foreign competitors in global markets merely because of stricter definitions under India's own bill as compared to laws applicable to their foreign competitors. Similarly, unless reworded, the FB Bill may well end up creating serious imbalances favouring the execution of foreign warrants and foreign legal processes in India.
The writer is a civil servant. These views are his own
 Advertisements

MP looking at  investor summit  option yet againShashikant Trivedi |  Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 09:46 PM IST
Shashikant Trivedi: MP looking at 'investor summit' option yet again
Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan says this time the focus will be on serious business
Anil Ambani, the chairman of the Reliance Group, who had announced in a Global Investors Summit at Khajuraho that his group will be investing Rs 2.5 crore per hour in Madhya Pradesh (MP), has been allotted the last parcel of land of 4.29 acres for his Sasan Ultra Mega Power Project last month. It took seven years for the government to allot the land since the project was committed in 2007.
Industrialist Kumar Mangalam Birla had committed an investment of Rs 7,700 crore, in 2006, to set up one of India's largest alumina smelter projects in Singrauli village.
Although the investment has reached Rs 13,000 crore in the last eight years, the project has not started commercial production yet.
Infosys had announced to establish a Rs 600-crore project in 2012. The project is yet to come up.
But, what gave Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and his government the confidence to sell the state's potential in domestic and global markets is the state's performance. MP recorded an economic growth of 11.9 per cent and a historic 24.99 per cent growth in agriculture - the highest among Indian states.
Soon after winning 165 of a total 230 seats in the state Assembly elections for his party, followed by 27 seats of the total 29 in the recent general elections, Chouhan faced the heat of a multi-crore entrance examination scam that had already reached his doorstep. Some of his former Cabinet colleagues and state government employees are already languishing in jail for their role in the scam.
But an unfazed Chouhan visited countries such as South Africa to market MP for the next Global Investors Summit to be held in Indore next month.
The Global Investors Summit was first launched by Digvijaya Singh, when he was the chief minister of the state. His government, in association with Confederation of Indian Industry, tried to lure foreign investors, primarily power companies such as Power-Gen, Ogden and Siemens to invest in the state. But the initiative never went beyond the signing of memorandums of understanding (MoUs).
There were allegations of irregularities against the Congress government, as some officials of the state Industrial Development Corporation disbursed government-secured loans to an influential industrialists in the form of inter-corporate deposits. They later turned "wilful defaulters". The state police's economic offences wing probed the matter and the case under sub judice.
Chouhan revived the Global Investors Summit in association with a new partner, the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry, in 2007. But these summits have failed to inspire confidence among the industry.
Replying to a question in the Assembly, the state government had said it had signed 31 MoUs worth Rs 74,210 crore at Khajuraho Global Investors Summit in 2007, while 71 MoUs of Rs 61,521 crore were signed in the second edition of the summit at Khajuraho in 2010. The summit at Indore witnessed 159 deals of Rs 1,17,418 crore. Besides, the summit received 998 proposals of Rs 3,76,980 crore.
Interestingly, the state government in July this year told the Assembly that it had signed 102 MoUs during the Indore summit in October 2007, 109 MoUs in the Khajuraho summit in 2010 and 425 of them in the Indore summit in 2012.
Earlier this month, Chouhan had said in New Delhi: "Out of the MoUs inked for investment of Rs 2,00,000 crore, MoUs worth Rs 1,15,000 crore have already materialised in MP so far."
However, the MP Trade and Facilitation Corporation website says: "Due to untiring efforts of the state government, 324 MoUs worth Rs 4,51,474 crore have been signed for setting up of various industries in the state. Of the 324 MoUs, 12 MoUs have been implemented and 18 MoUs involving Rs 38,845 crore are being implemented. The remaining 255 MoUs costing Rs 3,81,902 crore are in the process. The state government has rejected 16 MoUs involving Rs 24,000 crore for different reasons."
Assocham recently released a report, which says, "Poor execution of 134 investment projects in MP has resulted in serious cost-push worth about Rs 97,000 crore as of financial year 2013-14 - about 27 per cent of their actual costs of Rs 3.6 lakh crore."
"Of about 399 investment projects that are under different stages of implementation in MP, about 224 projects have recorded either a time overrun or cost escalation."
But government officials immediately clarified and said the state has attracted Rs 34,675 crore during 2013-14 vis-à-vis Rs 37,000 crore investment proposals attracted in 2012-13.
Chouhan had envisioned making MP a power hub, but the absence of coal allocation, environment clearances and land allocation issues have put a dampener on his plans. The focus is now on developing infrastructure.
What can be expected of the forthcoming summit? Chouhan has said there will be no MoU-signing ceremony. The focus will be on serious business. But nobody knows what "serious business" means. "If I would have had an answer, I could have given it," quips a senior executive, whose company has made a significant investment in the state.
 Advertisements

Cricket s great oral traditionRahul Dravid |  Sep 13, 2014
Last Updated at 09:44 PM IST
'Cricket's great oral tradition'
Looking on at us from above, Dilip Sardesai, I'm sure, would not want our professional cricketers to turn into - and here I use one of his favourite words - 'popatwadis'
Good evening, it is an honour to be delivering the Dilip Sardesai Memorial Lecture in front of an audience with a deep love and great knowledge of cricket, much like the late Dilip Sardesai. It was because of this deep love and knowledge of the game, that he also had a complete fearlessness - about protecting the game and calling it like he saw it.
I have heard a story about how he once stood alongside the sightscreen of the Brabourne Stadium not so far from here during a match and shouted, "lagori!" everytime a bowler with a not-so-great action, sent down a ball. Laghori, as everyone will know is the childhood game of seven stones in which throwing is an essential skill environment. If he's watching cricket from up there these days, no doubt he is shouting lagori very often. Let's hope the game is listening. In the few interactions that I had with him, he always had a smile, a kind word and some sincere advice. What I've just talked about - "a kind word" from Sardesai, the "advice" and "feedback" he gave many a cricketer and the "stories" I heard about him forms the central inspiration of my talk this evening about cricket's great oral tradition.
There is a great parallel with cricket's oral tradition and a very Indian tradition of the Guru-Shishya parampara. Our parampara belongs not just to cricket but all walks of life, the passing on of stories, of legends forms an essential part of our education as children.
It was my father's passion for cricket that made me fall in love with it. Apart from taking me to matches, my father also told me a lot of stories which made me more curious about this great game that enchanted him.
Over the years, discussing cricket with my father brought me great joy. He taught me the simple love of the game and I relished sharing this love with him. A little later, I found myself extremely fortunate when Keki Tarapore took me under his wing at school. I couldn't have asked for a better coach. He was more than just a coach, he was a mentor in every sense of the word, before the concept of mentorship became as popular as it is now.
Like Keki, Sachin had Ramakant Achrekar who took him around Mumbai on his scooter to make him play more than one match a day, a story which made us a wee bit jealous and a little worried too. The astonishing thing is that men like Tarapore and Achrekar never expected anything in return. They did what they did wholeheartedly, because of their love of the game.
The relationship that young cricketers develop with these mentors is probably as important as the relationship they share with their parents.
The next part of the great oral tradition that I found myself involved in, I owe thanks to the Indian Railways. As much of a pain as it was to be seated next to a toilet for 22 hours because my team didn't have reserved seats never mind berths, it was train journeys like these that became learning grounds of their own. The Ranji Trophy teams back then usually included a few former/current India cricketers. I was lucky to play alongside Syed Kirmani and have Vishy as manager. They were never shy or short of a word. Kiri was my captain in my debut season for Karnataka and he noticed that I was this really superstitious boy. In his own inimitable style, he told me that this superstition stuff is really silly and that I should stay away from them.
Another person who I talked a lot with was Roger Binny. I lived close to Roger's home so he would drop me back from the KSCA after practice. I would also see a young Stuart playing some backyard cricket. Many years later, I found myself captaining Stuart Binny and, while it did make me feel old, it did feel good. As a cricketer, you can learn from your colleagues.
I have always had great faith and belief in the oral tradition. It is something I believed in as my career went along too. Time and attention from senior cricketers and the stories they told us was of immense value to my generation. Sardesai was a senior cricketer who formed part of that continuing legacy. He had time for people. He never minced words. He was always one for a laugh.
How can we talk cricket at the CCI and not recall the great Raj Singh Dungarpur? He was probably the best cricket story-teller I have ever encountered and will always remember listening to him talk about Miller and Trueman and the exploits of Vinoo Mankad with a child-like glee.
It is important for my generation and the next to make sure we have the time and find the time and be willing to pass on knowledge and keep this tradition alive. It might not directly translate into runs and wickets and victories, but it will have an impact on the way these boys play the game and make them into good role models and ambassadors of this great game and country.
Yet, it can't be one-way traffic. It is critical for the younger cricketers to seek out seniors and ask for their advice. But not merely start a conversation being worried about "If I don't talk, he will think I am disrespectful." Whenever a younger cricketer asks an older player, "How am I batting?" that makes for a very generic question. It's like talking about the weather. A specific question means that you really want to know - "How did you practice for a particular kind of delivery?" I find it impressive when any younger player comes up with a specific question. It is evidence that he is thinking about his game, has done his homework.
Looking on at us from above, Sardesai I'm sure would not want our professional cricketers to turn into - and here I use one of his favourite words - "popatwadis".
Each player has the opportunity to add and progress the narrative along and that is what leaving a legacy is all about. In the midst of historical records, statistics and win-loss records, when you go out to bat, you are connected to all those who have played for India in the past and you are also connected to those who will one day in the future wear the India cap.
Indian cricket's colourful story is still being written… and it is up to us to enrich it.
Edited excerpts from a speech by Rahul Dravid, former captain of the Indian cricket team, at the sixth Dilip Sardesai Memorial Lecture on September 12 in Mumbai
 Advertisements

Vodafone reaffirms India tax row strategyJuly 10, 2014 4:01 pm
Vodafone reaffirms India tax row strategy after Modi setback
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi and Avantika Chilkoti in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0e7b4c3e-0826-11e4-acd8-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Tata Motors Signs Bonus Agreement With Telco Workers UnionYou are here: Home Corporates
Tata Motors Signs Bonus Agreement With Telco Workers Union
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 14, 2014 11:45 (IST)
L&T Construction Bags Rs 2,050-Crore Contracts
Jamshedpur: Tata Motors has signed a bonus and permanency agreement with Telco Workers Union here.
It was mutually agreed that all permanent workmen would be getting an amount equivalent to 10.5 per cent of the annual salary/wages, consisting of basic pay, personal pay and dearness allowance earned by them during 2013-14, a Tata Motors press release said on Saturday.
Out of the 10.5 per cent, an amount equivalent to 8.33 per cent of the wage/salary comprising basic and personal pay, and dearness allowance will be treated as statutory bonus/special payment and shall be payable on pro-rata basis to all the permanent workmen along with all eligible employees covered under the scope of Payment of Bonus Act, 1965, it said.
After setting aside the amount to be paid as "Statutory Bonus/Special Payment", the remaining portion of the agreed money will be paid for achievement of various targets set for the current financial year as stipulated in joint discussions from time to time.
For all permanent confirmed workmen who were on the payroll of the company in 2013-14 and continue to be on the date of the signing of the agreement, the minimum amount payable under this agreement is Rs 14,490 while the maximum amount payable is Rs 31,390, and average amount payable is Rs 25,650, which will be disbursed to eligible workmen within one week.
Despite extreme financial hardship that the company is passing through more than last two years, it has been agreed to induct 250 temporary workers to permanent roll of the company. All formalities for induction will be completed within one month, the release added.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 11:43 (IST)

Tata Steel Ferro Chrome Plant to Start by March 2015You are here: Home Corporates
Tata Steel Ferro Chrome Plant to Start by March 2015
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 13, 2014 20:03 (IST)
L&T Construction Bags Rs 2,050-Crore Contracts
Mumbai:
Tata Steel is setting up a 55,000 tonne per annum (TPA) ferro chrome plant at Gopalpur in Ganjam district of Odisha and its first unit is expected to start operations by March 2015.
"With Gopalpur project being a top priority for the company, we are currently setting up a 55,000 TPA Ferro Chrome plant. We have recently filed documents seeking environment clearance for another ferro chrome plant at the site," Tata Steel Gopalpur Project vice president Arun Misra said.
Anchor investments of Rs 800 crore proposed to be made by Tata Steel at the Gopalpur Industrial Park include the ferro chrome plant, which is under construction.
The plant is expected to be commissioned by March 2015 with an employment opportunity for about 400 persons, both directly and indirectly, a company statement said.
The steel major has already got in-principle approvals from the designated authorities to set up an industrial park at the same location. Spanning over 2,970 acres of land, the industrial park includes a multi-product SEZ over 2,570 acres and an anchor project by Tata Steel over 400 acres.
Tata Steel group is among the leading steel manufacturers in the world with an annual crude steel capacity of over 26.5 million tonnes per annum (mtpa).
Story first published on: September 13, 2014 20:02 (IST)

Zydus Cadila sets Rs 10 000 cr sales target by FY16Press Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 08:58 PM IST
Zydus Cadila sets Rs 10,000 cr sales target by FY16
Ahmedabad-based company has planned a capital expenditure of Rs 450 cr this fiscal
Homegrown drug major Zydus Cadila has set a target of clocking a consolidated turnover of over Rs  10,000 crore by FY'16.
"We will have a revenue of Rs  10,000 crore in FY16. We closed last fiscal with a revenue of Rs  7,208 crore," Zydus Cadila Chief Operating Officer and Executive Director Ganesh Nayak said here.
The Ahmedabad-based company has planned a capital expenditure of Rs  450 crore this fiscal. It has presence in the US, the European Union, Brazil, Mexico and exports generate half the revenue.
Meanwhile, its consumer products arm Zydus Wellness, which makes the Sugar Free, is looking at a foray into adjacent categories like jams and biscuits in the future. The sweetener brand Sugar Free has a 93 per cent market share in the sugar substitute category that is estimated at Rs  250 crore and growing at 12 per cent.
 Advertisements

Indian economy to grow at 5.6% in FY 15: FICCI SurveySep 14, 2014, 01.03 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Indian economy to grow at 5.6% in FY'15: FICCI
Retail inflation is expected at 7.8 percent this fiscal, in sync with RBI’s indication earlier this year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian economy to grow at 5.6% in FY'15: FICCI
Retail inflation is expected at 7.8 percent this fiscal, in sync with RBI’s indication earlier this year.
Post your opinion here
 
The Indian economy will expand by 5.6 percent during 2014-15 even as the Reserve Bank is not likely to cut interest rates this year, according to FICCI’s latest Economic Outlook Survey.
“The new Government, guided by the objective of restoring growth and governance, has given very positive policy signals in its first 100 days. We see the confidence amongst investors slowly returning and hope that going ahead the momentum on the implementation front will build up,” said the survey.
The economists who participated in the survey also felt that RBI will consider a cut in policy rates only in the first quarter next year, as household inflationary expectations remain high.
The central bank will wait and watch until there are definite signs of inflationary pressure abating, they said.
Retail inflation is expected at 7.8 percent this fiscal , in sync with RBI’s indication earlier this year.
The minimum and maximum range for GDP growth in the current fiscal is indicated at 5.3 per cent and 6 per cent respectively, as against 5.3 per cent estimated in the previous round of the FICCI Survey.
This reflects a clear return in optimism and economic activity is expected to continue with this momentum in the second half of the current fiscal year as well, FICCI said.
While agricultural growth is expected to remain steady despite a weak monsoon, outlook for the industrial sector seems to have improved considerably. It is expected to grow by 4.7 per cent in FY15, which is 1.6 percentage points more than the growth estimate in the previous survey round in June.
The growth in the services sector is expected to remain pretty much at similar levels as was reported last time. The sector is likely to grow by 6.9 per cent in FY15.
The prognosis made by economists with regard to exports and current account deficit reflected no imminent risks. The CAD to GDP ratio for FY15 was projected at 1.9 per cent. They also felt that the macro-economic fundamentals are gradually strengthening and the overall health of the economy is set to improve going ahead.
The economists also identified priority areas for the Government: developing world-class infrastructure; provision of uninterrupted power supply; resolving labour issues; reducing cost and duration of land acquisition; minimising procedural hassles and fast-tracking approvals and development of innovation hubs with world class amenities including lab and testing facilities.
Besides, the economists said, Government should enhance credit to small and medium enterprises; simplify taxation policies to bring down the time and cost involved in filing returns; and introduce Goods & Services Tax at the earliest.
RELATED NEWS

MFs plan more equity-oriented funds in market rallySep 14, 2014, 01.31 PM IST  | Source: PTI
MFs plan more equity-oriented funds in market rally
Despite concerns over ‘tapering’, FIIs have been pumping money into domestic equities, which have crossed USD 13 billion, making India one of the largest recipients amongst emerging markets.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MFs plan more equity-oriented funds in market rally
Despite concerns over ‘tapering’, FIIs have been pumping money into domestic equities, which have crossed USD 13 billion, making India one of the largest recipients amongst emerging markets.
Post your opinion here
 
Enthused by the ongoing rally in the stock markets, mutual fund houses are bullish about industry growth driven by equity-oriented funds. It may be noted that the Sensex has been the best performing index so far this fiscal, rallying by over 32 per cent in dollar terms year-to-date.
Despite concerns over ‘tapering’, FIIs have been pumping money into domestic equities, which have crossed USD 13 billion, making India one of the largest recipients amongst emerging markets. MF Players like ICICI Asset Management Company and Union KBC Asset Management Company plan to launch more equity-oriented funds to cash in on the boom.
Union KBC Asset Management Company, which at present manages six funds, including three funds in the mid and small-cap categories in equities alone, plans to launch two more funds by the end of the fiscal, including an equity fund and a capital protection fund. "We have plans to launch two more products by the fiscal-end. While the first one will be in the equity category, the other one will be a capital protection fund falling under the fixed income category," said Union KBC AMC chief executive G Pradeepkumar on the sidelines of an industry event here over the weekend.
Union KBC AMC has a customer base of 1,25,000 andplans to take it to 30 lakh over the next five years. "We are looking at adding 50,000 folios to our current 1,25,000 folios by the end of current fiscal itself. Moreover, we are looking at taking at least 10 per cent of the 3-crore odd customer base of Union Bank of India over next five years," he said.
Q

When Mahatma Gandhi s heart called for making Hindi a national languageMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

China set to pump billions of dollars in IndiaChina set to pump billions of dollars in India
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Sep 14:  
Cash—rich China is looking to outwit rival Japan by pledging to invest billions of dollars in India’s railway, manufacturing and infrastructure projects during President Xi Jinping’s maiden visit to the country this week.
As Xi’s visit to India scheduled for September 17 draws close, Chinese officials are becoming increasingly vocal about Beijing’s decision to scale up investments in India regarded widely as the most safe investment destination, especially after Japan made a splash with commitment to invest $35 billion during Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s visit to Tokyo.
With growing Outbound Direct Investment (ODI) which last year crossed $90 billion, China’s investments in India, which so far remained a paltry $400 million, mostly in Gujarat, are now expected to surpass Japan.
China’s foreign exchange reserves, the largest in the world, reached a record $3.95 trillion in March and it plans to invest around $500 billion overseas in the next five years, a large share of which is expected to find India’s way.
China is positively considering investing in India’s ambitious plan to build high—speed railways, including bullet trains.
Chinese officials say that China would be committing anywhere between $100 billion to $300 billion in the modernisation of Indian railways by replacing existing tracks to increase the speed, station development, establishing industrial parks as well as invest in mega infrastructure projects.
The improvement of tracks could push the average train speeds from 160 km/hr to 180 km/hr, Indian officials say.
China is also asking India to hand over certain railway corridors for it to build, develop and maintain high speed railway lines.
While Japan bagged the Mumbai—Ahmedabad first bullet train project, Chinese officials have evinced interest in Chennai and Bangalore and Bangalore—Mumbai corridors to build high—speed trains.
India has already invited China to modernise railway stations.
During Xi’s visit, China is set to announce two industrial parks, one each in Gujarat and Maharashtra to begin a host of manufacturing and energy units.
The investments are aimed at addressing India’s concern of mounting trade deficit which averaged $35 billion in the total $66.4 billion trade last year.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Uma Bharti promises clean Ganga in 3 yrsUma Bharti promises clean Ganga in 3 yrs
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sep 14:  
Union Minister Uma Bharti today reiterated her commitment to clean India’s longest river Ganga and promised to do so in three years while also asserting that she would not entertain any questions in this regard before the task was achieved.
“I am being asked many questions on the cleaning of Ganga, but I am not going to speak anything. I believe in action and I am going to make Ganga clean and serene in the next three years.
“The questions are not going to affect me,” she said at a felicitation ceremony of teachers organised by the Coordination Committee of Public Schools (CCPS) here.
Bharti, who is the Minister of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation, also emphasised on the role of the teachers in students’ life and credited her own success to her teachers.
She also congratulated all the teachers who were felicitated in the programme, and asked all teachers to become ’real gurus’ and students to become better human beings rather than grow professionally.
Speaking at the occasion, BJP Delhi unit president Satish Upadhayay hailed Prime Minister Narendra Modi for “giving imagination” to the country and reigniting hopes of people.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Ajit Singh says he will vacate govt accomodation by Sept 25Microsoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

China set to pump billions of dollars in India; outwit JapanMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

TCS opens Saudi Arabia s first all-woman BPO centrePress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 07:24 PM IST
TCS opens Saudi Arabia's first all-woman BPO centre
India's largest software exporter TCS today said it has opened Saudi Arabia's first all-female business process centre, which will provide employment to up to 3,000 women in three years.
India's largest software exporter TCS today said it has opened Saudi Arabia's first all-female business process centre, which will provide employment to up to 3,000 women in three years.
Saudi Aramco and GE are the centre's first customers, TCS said in a statement here.
Both the clients have already surpassed their target of recruiting 100 women each, while the total number of those employed at the centre stands at 300, it said.
The Riyadh-based 3,200-sq mt facility will offer customers specialised finance and accounting, human resources, materials supply and office services to improve their operational efficiency, it said.
The centre was announced in September last year.
Saudi Arabia's Commerce and Industry Minister Tawfiq bin Fawzan Al Rabiah, Deputy Governor of Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority Prince Saud bin Khalid, Saudi Aramco's President and Chief Executive Khalid Al Falih and GE's Vice Chairman John Rice, were present on the occasion, the statement said.
 Advertisements

Call to unleash $1tn for social investmentsSeptember 14, 2014 3:00 pm
UK study in call to unleash $1tn for social investments
Shawn Donnan, World Trade Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bbcd03f6-3a89-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Red carpet welcome awaits Modi in USEncouraged by the steps taken by the Modi government in its first 100 days, the Obama Administration sees an India that is of great strategic significance and can act as a stabilising force in the entire Asia Pacific region.
PTI | Washington | Posted: September 14, 2014 7:56 pm
The Obama Administration is leaving no stone unturned to woo Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his maiden visit to the US which is expected to take the strategic bilateral relationship to the next level and unleash the potential of economic and trade ties.
The administration here is gearing up to give a red carpet welcome to Prime Minister Modi when he arrives in Washington on September 29 from New York where he would attend the annual General Assembly session of the United Nations.
The discussion between Modi and Obama over two days in Washington is expected to result in taking the bilateral relationship to the next level in terms of defense and strategic ties, co-operation in the field of space and counter-terrorism and unleash the potential of economic and trade ties, sources familiar with the preparations told PTI.
On September 29, Obama is likely to host Modi for a small working dinner, which is rarely accorded to a visiting foreign leader.
The maiden meeting between the two leaders on September 29 would help Obama and Modi to know each other and prepare the ground for the next day’s meeting at the White House.
Soon after his electoral victory, Obama had called Modi to congratulate him and invited him to visit Washington.
Thereafter the two leaders have not spoken over phone, but there has been an exchange of letters between the two.
Obama, who of late has been tied up on the foreign policy front over developments in the Middle East –- Syria, Iraq, Iran, Israel-Palestine and Ukraine — is looking forward to meeting Modi and exchange views on international issues of concern.
Encouraged by the steps taken by the Modi government in its first 100 days, the Obama Administration sees an India that is of great strategic significance and can act as a stabilising force in the entire Asia Pacific region.
A strong and prosperous India, US officials argue, is in the best interest of the United States.
India, US officials say, under Modi would play a key role not only in South Asia, but also in South East Asia.
In fact, India-US relationship has been identified as one of the top four priorities by both Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry this year, officials said.
Kerry and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel met Modi in New Delhi in quick succession this summer. The meetings generated excitement in the US as well.
“The two leaders will discuss a range of issues of mutual interest in order to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership. They continued…

Splinter group breaks from al Qaeda in AlgeriaSplinter group breaks from al Qaeda in Algeria
Reuters
Tweet
Algiers, Sept 14:  
A new armed group calling itself the Caliphate Soldiers in Algeria has split from al Qaeda's North African branch and sworn loyalty to the radical breakaway group Islamic State fighting in Syria and Iraq.
A breakaway of key Algerian commanders from Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb, known as AQIM, would show deepening rivalry between al Qaeda's core command and the Islamic State over leadership of the transnational Islamist militancy.
In a communique, AQIM central region commander Khaled Abu Suleimane, whose real name is Gouri Abdelmalek, claimed leadership of the new group, joined by an AQIM commander of an eastern region in Algeria, where the al Qaeda wing has its base.
"You have in the Islamic Maghreb men if you order them they will obey you," Suleimane said in reference to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the Islamic State. "The Maghreb has deviated from the true path."
The communique was posted on jihadi websites. Algerian officials did not immediately comment on the statement.
The Algeria splinter group is the latest to side with Baghdadi over al Qaeda's aging chieftain Ayman al-Zawahri, as the Islamic State appeals to younger militants with successes in gaining territory in Iraq and Syria.
Baghdadi, who has declared himself "Caliph" or head of state, fell out with al Qaeda in 2013 over its expansion into Syria, where his followers carried out beheadings, crucifixions, and mass executions.
For some militants, Islamic State's creation of a jihadi bastion spanning western Iraq and eastern Syria, and its strong online presence, compare with al Qaeda's failure for almost a decade to carry out a major attack in the West.
North African Jihadists
Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb is just one of the fractured militant groups operating in North Africa, which has been a source of thousands of young fighters travelling from Libya, Tunisia and Morocco to Syria and Iraq.
Algeria, which itself recovered from a decade of conflict against its own Islamist fighters during which some 200,000 people died, is a strong U.S. ally in its fight against militants in the region.
But experts said the announcement will likely not have a major operational impact on the ground as AQIM has been focused on the Sahel region rather than OPEC member Algeria. Attacks are rarer now in Algeria though militants still have potential.
"The new group will try hard to make some noise, but it will be very difficult to execute big terrorist actions as Algerian security forces have knocked out most of the armed groups in Algeria," local security analyst Anis Rahmani said.
But it may appeal to new Islamist recruits in the Maghreb seeking to fight in Syria and Iraq, where Baghdadi's forces now control large swaths of territory and towns.
The newly created "Caliphate Soldiers" or "Jound al Khilafa fi Ard al Jazayer" is the second group to break with AQIM, the first one being Mokhtar Belmokhtar's group "Those who sign in Blood" who observers say are likely based now in southern Libya.
Belmokhtar, a veteran Algerian militant and former al Qaeda commander, was blamed for masterminding the attack on Algeria's In Amenas gas plant in early 2013, in which 40 oil workers, most of them foreigners, were killed after a four-day seige.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

 MFs Plan More Equity-Oriented Funds to Cash in on RallyL&T Construction Bags Rs 2,050-Crore Contracts
Mumbai: Enthused by the ongoing rally in the stock markets, mutual fund houses are bullish about industry growth driven by equity-oriented funds.
It may be noted that the Sensex has been the best performing index so far this fiscal year, rallying over 32 per cent in dollar terms year-to-date.
Despite concerns over "tapering", foreign institutional investors (FIIs) have been pumping money into domestic equities, which have crossed $13 billion, making India one of the largest recipients amongst emerging markets.
MF players like ICICI Asset Management Company and Union KBC Asset Management Company plan to launch more equity-oriented funds to cash in on the boom.
Union KBC Asset Management Company, which at present manages six funds including three funds in the mid and small-cap categories in equities alone, plans to launch two more funds by FY15-end, including an equity fund and a capital protection fund.
"We have plans to launch two more products by the fiscal-end. While the first one will be in the equity category, the other one will be a capital protection fund falling under the fixed income category," Union KBC AMC chief executive G Pradeepkumar told PTI on the sidelines of an industry event in Mumbai over the weekend.
Union KBC AMC has a customer base of 1,25,000 and plans to take it to 30 lakh over the next five years.
"We are looking at adding 50,000 folios to our current 1,25,000 folios by the end of current fiscal itself. Moreover, we are looking at taking at least 10 per cent of the 3-crore odd customer base of Union Bank of India over next five years," he said.
ICICI Prudential Mutual Fund said that it has launched ICICI Prudential Growth Fund-Series 3, a three-and-a-half year close-ended equity fund that aims to provide capital appreciation by investing in a well-diversified portfolio of equity and equity-related instruments.
The new fund offer will be open for subscription between September 17 and October 10.
Macro stability conditions are expected to improve further with key drivers being sustained deceleration in consumer price inflation. This pick up in sentiment is likely to actuate revenue growth for companies which would have a positive correlation for the MF industry, ICICI Prudential AMC managing director and chief executive Nimesh Shah said.
"We believe there is an opportunity available for equity markets with the earnings growth likely to improve going ahead," he said.
However, Edelweiss AMC, which currently manages six funds in equity and three in debt categories, doesn't have any plan to launch new funds this fiscal, since its arbitrage fund launched right before the Budget is performing well.
"We launched the fund with a new fund offer of Rs 60 crore late June. However its fund value has gone up at Rs 170 crore as on date," Edelweiss MF chief executive Vikas Sachdeva said.
According to DSP Blackrock MF, the Sensex is all set to cross the 50,000-mark over the next three years. 
"We do believe that the Sensex may cross the 45,000-50,000-mark over next three years if the present rally continues which will help the industry," DSP Blackrock chief investment officer S Naganath said.
The mutual fund industry will get another leg-up if the Reserve Bank of India cuts interest rates a bit, which it sees likely happening by the first quarter of next year, as inflation is trending down. This could bring respite to investors, he said.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 15:12 (IST)

Kentucky man admits to selling fraudulent fertility kitsKentucky man admits to selling fraudulent fertility kits
Reuters
Tweet
September 14, 2014:  
A Kentucky man, who made international news for saying he was trying to clone humans, must close or sell his business after pleading guilty to a federal charge that he misled customers about in-home fertility kits, according to court documents. Panayiotis Zavos faces up to a year in prison when he is sentenced in January on the misdemeanor charge. His attorney, Jarrod J. Beck, said on Friday he hopes his client will avoid prison.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

Typhoon Kalmaegi slams into northern PhilippinesTyphoon Kalmaegi slams into northern Philippines
Reuters
Tweet
Manila, Sept 14:  
A strong typhoon slammed into the rice-producing Philippine northern region on Sunday, cutting power and communications lines and forcing people to flee to higher ground, national disaster agency officials said.
Packing central winds of 130 kph (81 mph) and gusts of up to 160 kph, Typhoon Kalmaegi made landfall early evening Sunday in Isabela province, dumping heavy rains that soaked farms, said Alexander Pama, executive director of the national disaster risk reduction and management council.
Kalmaegi, known locally as "Luis", is moving west northwest at 22 kph, but is expected to weaken and lose speed as it will cross a mountainous region before exiting into the South China Sea.
"There are still no reports of casualties and damage," said Pama. "We are initiating our disaster response. We will evacuate flood prone and low lying areas, we have pre-positioned food packs for displaced families."
The disaster agency has no estimate on the number of people that were moved to shelter areas, but hundreds had evacuated coastal villages as the storm approached.
Typhoon alert levels were raised in 22 provinces, mostly in the northern and central plains of the main island of Luzon. People were warned against flash floods, landslides and storm surges reaching 2 metres in coastal areas.
On Sunday, civil aviation authorities grounded 24 domestic flights while the coast guard stopped ferries and fishing boats from going to sea. Soldiers were placed on alert to evacuated communities.
"Some farmers have started to harvest rice and corn days before the typhoon," said Norma Talosig, head of the Office of Civil Defence in the Cagayan region, a major rice production area in the Philippines.
On Monday, some public offices and schools will be shut down because they will be used as temporary shelter areas.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Mamata benefited most from Saradha scam  says BJP MPPrint
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 14, 2014 8:54 pm
Targetting West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, BJP today alleged that she has benefited the most from the multi-crore Saradha Chit Fund scam, in which thousands of investors were allegedly duped.
“People, who have been arrested (in Saradha chit fund case) are saying that West Bengal Chief Minister benefited the most from the scam,” BJP MP from Asansol (West Bengal) Babul Supriyo told reporters here.
“Those arrested are even divulging the amount of money that Mamataji and (TMC general secretary) Mukul Roy received in this scam.”
The Saradha scam had come to light in April 2013 after the group downed shutters without repaying lakhs of investors, who had parked their hard-earned money in the group’s companies, lured by the promise of astronomically-high returns. The Supreme Court had later directed the CBI to probe the Saradha scam.
Supriyo added that the charges against Rajya Sabha member Ahmed Hassan Imran allegedly playing a key role in getting huge funds from Bangladesh-based terror outfit Jamaat-e-Islami secretly transferred across the border to help TMC win the 2011 Assembly polls, were “not merely allegations, but are facts”.
“These facts were brought out in the public domain by the media,” the singer-turned-MP said.
“Mamata didi nominated Imran for the post of Rajya Sabha member. Was she not aware of his background? (Home Minister) Rajnath Singh has rightly said that his role is being probed very seriously, and the truth will be out very soon. But Imran has no right to be a Rajya Sabha member now,” he said.
When asked about Rahul Gandhi’s role in the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections, Supriyo said the Congress Vice President should take a break from politics.
“One who is an original star can be a star campaigner. Rahul Gandhi has got the stardom from his family. Looking at him it seems that he is not interested in politics. So he should quit politics for a few years and divert his attention elsewhere,” he said.
According to Supriyo, the BJP is working towards uniting all the Bengalis in Maharashtra and explain to them that voting for a BJP is important “for a better future.”

They are not Muslims  they are monsters: David Cameron on ISIS beheadingBritain's Prime Minister, David Cameron, makes a statement to the media on the killing of British aid worker David Haines in Downing Street, central London, Sunday Sept. 14, 2014. (Source: AP)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 14, 2014 8:29 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 1:16 am
The beheading of a British aid worker by the dreaded Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) was described Sunday by Prime Minister David Cameron as an act of “pure evil” even as Britain confirmed that the video showing the gruesome killing was genuine.
The 44-year-old aid worker David Haines was seized in Syria in 2013 and was being held by ISiS militants who have already killed two US journalists.
The Foreign Office here in a statement said, “All the signs are that the video is genuine”.
The latest video showing his killing also includes a threat to kill a second British hostage, identified as Alan Henning. Cameron vowed to do everything possible to find the killers.
The emergence of the footage late Saturday night saw Cameron return to Downing Street after midnight.
He chaired a meeting of the government’s emergency committee Cobra early Sunday and issued a statement afterwards saying the killing would not change Britain’s strategy against the ISIS.
“It is an act of pure evil. My heart goes out to the family of David Haines who have shown extraordinary courage and fortitude throughout this ordeal,” he said. “We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes,” he added.
“They are not Muslims, they are monsters,” Cameron said.
He described Haines, 44, as a “British hero”, and praised the “extraordinary courage” of his family.
Haines’s family said he would be “missed terribly”.
“David was most alive and enthusiastic in his humanitarian roles. His joy and anticipation for the work he went to do in Syria is for myself and family the most important element of this whole sad affair,” his brother Mike Haines said in a statement released through the Foreign Office.
But while Cameron asserted that “we have to confront this menace”, he added that this will not involve direct British involvement in the US-led armed intervention in Iraq against the ISIS.
Britain is instead playing a supporting role to the US, providing transport and supplies.
US President Barack Obama also condemned the “barbaric murder” of Haines which in recent weeks has killed two American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff in the same manner.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Haines’s murder was “further demonstration that this particular terrorist group does not just do evil, but exults in doing evil”.
The French presidency said in statement that, “The heinous murder of David Haines shows once again how the international community must mobilise immediately against the ISIS.”
The ISIS, which seeks to establish an Islamic Caliphate across the continued…
They are not Muslims, they are monsters.

Cancel TN civic bypollsWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

TN electricity utility launches online servicesTN electricity utility launches online services
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, September 14:  
Over one crore consumers will benefit from the State electricity utility’s launch of a range of online services, including consumer alerts and payment facility, according to Tamil Nadu Energy Secretary Rajesh Lakhoni.
According to a press release from the Tamil Nadu Electricity Regulatory Commission, Lakhoni said at an interactive session of heads of Grievance Redressal Forums that the facilities include payment of electricity charges at banks, post offices and designated ATM kiosks.
The utility also alerts consumers about the due date and amount of current consumption charges payable through SMS.
Justice M Karpaga Vinayagam said that the Consumer Grievance Redressal Forum could provide fast resolution to issues within 60 days as compared with courts where disputes can take months or years to settle.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

TN foodgrains merchants body office-bearersTN foodgrains merchants’ body office-bearers
Our Correspondent
Tweet
Madurai, September 14:  
Tamilnadu Foodgrains Merchants Association (TFMA) has said that SP Jeyaprakasam, SVSS Velshankar and S Sai Subramaniam have been unanimously elected President, Secretary and Treasurer respectively for the year 2014-15. This was decided at the 69th annual general body meeting of the association held here on Saturday.
Five Vice-Presidents, five Joint-Secretaries and 18 executive committee members for the period 2014-17, were also elected unopposed, the release added.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Most Popular

South Gujarat industrial units to get alternate gas: GAILBS Reporter |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 08:59 PM IST
South Gujarat industrial units to get alternate gas: GAIL
The decision comes after over 30 units approached GAIL and PNGRB through their association SGSGCA
In a relief to small gas consumers of south Gujarat mainly engaged in glass and ceramic industry, GAIL has decided to offer alternate gas for these units from September 16 onwards. The decision comes after over 30 units approached GAIL and PNGRB (Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board) last week through their association South Gujarat Small Gas Consumers' Association (SGSGCA).
Pursuance to the directives of the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas for supply of Administered Pricing Mechanism (APM) gas to CGD sector for use of natural gas in domestic households (PNG) and transport sector (CNG) in the larger interest of the people, GAIL had informed the units of South Gujarat about curtailing supply of APM gas to them.
However, following the representation made by the SGSGCA before GAIL and PNGRB the units of south Gujarat will be getting gas from alternate sources. "Considering the requirement of gas to other industries, GAIL has offered to supply equivalent amount of alternate gas so that the production of such industries do not suffer. Some of the affected parties have already availed GAIL’s offer to utilize alternative gas in view of the reduced quantity of APM gas," a GAIL statement said.
 Advertisements

India crucial for Philips Healthcare expansionShivani Shinde Nadhe |  Pune Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:42 AM IST
India a centre for Philips health care expansion
Pune designated global HQ for surgery business; focus on innovation, to combine quality with affordability in products
India seems to be playing a crucial role in the effort of Philips, the Netherlands-based formerly entirely electronics and electricals company, for a global transformation to become a health and wellbeing company.
Health care generates 45 per cent of the company’s revenue. Philips recently announced Pune as global headquarters for its surgery business. Though the company does not give a further break-up, Ronald Tabaksblat, senior vice-president, Philips Healthcare, said surgery is a significant chunk of this segment.
“It is good to have an organisation in the emerging market, as it also brings dedicated focus to that market. The surgery business is a very mature one in the mature economies but a lot of work is happening in the emerging economies. The surgery business is a significant chunk of Philips’ health care division,” he said.
As part of the transformation, Philips changed the name of its health care division in Pune to Healthcare Innovation Centre (HIC) from its earlier Development Manufacturing Centre. For Philips, the Pune-based HIC is the only such centre worldwide. It does have an innovation campus in Banglaore but this caters to all its product ranges, across categories of health care, consumer lifestyle and lighting, and focusing more on the software and services aspect.
The company has been in India for 80-odd years and entered Pune with two acquisitions. It acquired Alpha X-ray Technologies and Meditronics, a manufacturer of cardiovascular X-ray solutions and general X-ray systems. Along with this, it acquired a manufacturing plant at Chakan, which makes health care products. With 400 employees, the Pune centre focuses on X-ray imaging, including diagnostic X-rays and interventional X-rays for surgery.
“Since then, we have merged these acquisitions and consolidated their activities. Our intention was always to manufacture products from here for global markets. The products that have been created here—we have developed four new X-ray systems—have global market presence,” said Tabaksblat.
In the past four years, the Pune HIC has launched four global products in the imaging category-- Allura FC, Allura Centron, BV Vectra and Primary Diagnost. The latter two are the latest releases from the unit. It has also successfully installed 100 systems in a dozen countries, including in West Europe.
Imaging or X-ray systems in the health care area has seen immense innovation over the years. The latest is in minimum invasive therapy of cardiac valves, which needs very precise guidance. “Doctors need very precise guiding technology. While manufacturing, we have to focus on quality and also make sure the products are cost-effective,” he added.
For Philips, the India market is important. Tabaksblat says as for every other company in the sector, it is the emerging market that is driving growth, “and true for us as well”. The health care business in India grew 25 per cent in the period ended March 31, 2013. The company increased its market share further during the period across all product categories and advanced to becoming the number one health care entity across the total addressable market.
“Societies—both mature and emerging economies--are confronting huge challenges in health care,” says Tabaksblat. “Mature economies have an aging population, with chronic disease but not enough staff to manage patients. We have all the advanced procedures and see a growing need in both mature and emerging economies for access to low-cost procedures, without compromising the quality.”
Adding: “We did not see India only as a low-cost region. The access to talent, especially in engineering, is huge.”
 Advertisements

Gujarat Gas to get non-IAS MDVinay Umarji |  Ahmedabad Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 08:56 PM IST
Gujarat Gas to get non-IAS MD
According to state government sources, the recruitment process for the new MD is in the final screening stage
Even as its merger with other GSPC Group's entities in underway, Gujarat Gas Company Limited (GGCL) is soon set to get a new non-IAS managing director (MD). In a bid to bring in more professionalism, the Gujarat government is in the final stages of hiring a non-IAS industry professional to head the new merged entity.
The proposed consolidation of Gujarat Gas with GSPC Distribution Networks Limited (GDNL), GSPC Gas Limited (GSPC Gas), Gujarat Gas Financial Services Limited (GFSL) and Gujarat Gas Trading Company Limited (GTCL) is expected to be completed by March 2015.
Confirming that interviews are on, Saurabh Patel, Minister of Finance and Energy, Government of Gujarat said that the move comes in the wake of the new entity getting big in size and autonomy. "It will be too big a company in terms of size of operations and scale. We, therefore, want an industry expert who is a non-bureaucrat to head it and scale it up further," he said.
It needs to be mentioned here that once completed, the merger will result in a combined volume that could well cross the 8 million metric standard cubic metres per day (mmscmd) mark.
According to state government sources, the recruitment process for the new MD is in the final screening stage. "The process is in final screening stage and the new MD is likely to be hired soon. Applications had been pouring from across the country. An announcement can be expected by next quarter," said sources.
As per an ad posted by GSPC Group earlier, the state-owned natural gas distribution player is seeking a "dynamic leader from the energy sector who can manage the challenges and goals while up-scaling the business operations".
Meanwhile, even as network expansion is in process, GSPC Gas serves piped natural gas (PNG) to households and compressed natural gas (CNG) for domestic transport as well as industries across 11 districts at a volume of 5.5 mmscmd while Gujarat Gas does around 2.5 mmscmd in two districts.
 Advertisements

US more open to obesity drugsSeptember 14, 2014 4:53 pm
Novo Nordisk says US more open to obesity drugs
By Andrew Ward, Pharmaceuticals Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/340e2916-3b4e-11e4-885d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The Stasi  the casinos and the Big Data rushSeptember 14, 2014 3:02 pm
The Stasi, casinos and the Big Data rush
Review by Hannah Kuchler
In ‘What Stays in Vegas’, Adam Tanner examines the excesses of an industry mining a lucrative commodity
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7b9497ce-38ed-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Oil price slide puts deals in focusSeptember 14, 2014 4:36 pm
Oil price slide sets the stage for M&A
By Ed Crooks in New York
The threat to large oil companies is particularly menacing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/626dea36-3c06-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Happy wife key to happy life for men: studyTHE HINDU A husband who is unhappy with his marriage is still likely to be happy with his life — if his wife gives their marriage high marks, a new study suggests. File photo: K.R. Deepak
TOPICS
social issue
The research is among the first to examine the influence of his and her marriage appraisals on psychological well-being among older couples.
A husband who is unhappy with his marriage is still likely to be happy with his life — if his wife gives their marriage high marks, a new study suggests.
“Older husbands and wives in better marriages are more satisfied with their lives,” said Vicki Freedman, a research professor at the University of Michigan Institute for Social Research.
“But overall life satisfaction for an unhappily married man depends on how his wife describes their relationship. If she describes their marriage as higher quality, his life satisfaction is buoyed — even if he gives the marriage a less glowing assessment,” said Freedman, a co-author with Rutgers University sociologist Deborah Carr.
The research is among the first to examine the influence of his and her marriage appraisals on psychological well-being among older couples.
“Marital quality is an important buffer against the health-depleting effects of later-life stressors such as care-iving, and a critical resource as couples manage difficult decisions regarding their care in later life,” Carr said.
Freedman and Carr analysed 2009 data from a sample of 394 couples who were part of the ISR Panel Study of Income Dynamics, a national panel study of a representative sample of US families. At least one spouse in each couple was aged 60 or older.
They found that life satisfaction and momentary happiness did not differ significantly by gender. Both husbands and wives, on average, rated their general life satisfaction as 5 out of 6 and happiness very close to 5.
They also found that husbands rated their marriages slightly more positively than wives, on average.
“For both husbands and wives, being in a better-rated marriage was linked to greater life satisfaction and happiness,” Carr said.
“But wives’ assessments of the marriage are more important in some respects than their husbands’ reports,” she said.
The study was published in the Journal of Marriage and Family.

India 5th Most Sought-After MBA Destination Globally: GMACSBI PO Result 2014: Written Test Results Out
India is the fifth most preferred MBA destination globally, according to a survey by Graduate Management Admission Council (GMAC), the non-profit organisation that owns the GMAT exam essential to enter a global business school.
The United States remains the most preferred MBA destination, while United Kingdom, Canada and France also rank above India, the survey says.
The GMAC found that 'reputation of an educational system' was universally chosen as the number one reason for preferring an MBA college.
Affordability of education/tuition fees and availability of financial aid were the two big reasons why prospective students choose India, the survey found.
Cost of education was the most common reservation, which prospective students have about pursuing a graduate management degree, the survey noted.
India tends to score high on the affordability factor, making it one of the most sought-after educational hubs. According to a recent survey by HSBC, India was the least expensive foreign destination for university undergraduate students among a list of 15 countries. ( Read the full story here )
Earlier this year, the Economist magazine has ranked IIM-Ahmedabad as fourth best B-school worldwide in offering "Good value MBAs." The ranking had put IIMA much ahead of its Ivy League competitors such as Harvard, Stanford, Kellogg and Wharton on the basis of return on investment on MBA courses. ( Read )
GMAC's mba.com 'Prospective Students Survey' surveyed 12,000 mba.com registrants globally before publishing the results.
Story first published on: September 13, 2014 20:06 (IST)

Heres how disruptive innovation works in nature: a killing-machine fish has colonized reefs from Venezuela to Rhode ITap image to zoom
Lionfish spread over time.US Geological Survey
How have they spread so far, so fast? Their focused savagery explains a lot. Recent research shows that instead of moving on to more fish-abundant waters, they will continue to hunt target prey until they’ve eaten every last one of them,  pushing the species to local extinction.
They’re also gluttonous. Upon opening some specimens up, marine biologists off the coast of North Carolina were shocked to find something they’d never seen before: waxy lumps of fat. Lionfish are getting not just overweight but downright obese —gorging themselves so violently they were destroying their own livers.
Fish don’t get fat in their natural habitat. For one thing, surviving involves a lot more cardio exercise, since their prey know to avoid them. And while chasing down dinner, lionfish also have to dodge their own natural predators, mainly groupers and moray eels (oh—and themselves; when food is scare they’ll eat their young).
But the Atlantic Ocean’s “market participants” have never before faced this disruptive new competitor. The lionfish’s new prey aren’t evolutionarily primed to flee from them, and no bigger predators have adapted a taste for them, says Carl Safina , founder of the Blue Ocean Institute.
This is why, in five weeks, a single lionfish can wipe out four-fifths of a reef’s small fish. Worse, they’re also prolific breeders; they hit sexual maturity within a year and start cranking out 40,000 eggs every few days after that.
The outlook is grim, though not entirely hopeless. Studies show that native fish rebound by up to 70% of original numbers  when lionfish are eliminated. And there is still one market participant powerful enough to take on lionfish: humans.
A slew of areas now have lionfish-catching diving derbies . And it turns out lionfish is actually pretty tasty. Though some fear they contain a toxin called ciguatera, no incidents have ever been reported, and the science isn’t certain . That might mean the only way out of the US’s lionfish catastrophe may be to create a new market—for lionfish ceviche.

Think T. Nagar  Think SeniorsUpdated: September 14, 2014 08:35 IST
Think T. Nagar, Think Seniors
K. Sarumathi
Tweet
The Hindu The police have issued notebooks to some elders who are on their own. Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
The Hindu These seniors have to record the visits made by constables in the notebooks. Photo: B. Jothi Ramalingam
TOPICS
senior citizens
T. Nagar is associated with shopping. Now, it’s also associated with ‘twilight living.’ According to the police, T. Nagar has topped the table for most number of senior citizens living alone.
This finding was made when the police conducted door-to-door enumeration of such seniors. The exercise followed the recent spate of crimes against seniors. In T. Nagar district, which covers five regions, 1721 such seniors were identified.
Archana Apartments in Rameshwaram Road, T. Nagar, has around eight senior citizens living alone. They have not faced any security issues until now. Reports of attacks against those like them have however unnerved them. These seniors were visited by the police months ago and advised on how to be safe.
“The police constable visited us and took down details such as our name, where our children live and their contact details. He asked us to follow certain safety measures. They include not opening the door to an unknown person and seeking identification from people coming to our house. We were also given a printed list of important numbers, including those of the police commissioner, the inspector and others,” says Hema Ramachandran.
People like M.S. Ananthpadmanabhan are not sure if this will be of any help in the event of an attack. “An assailant will not wait for us to call the police before attacking us. The residents of this apartment depend on each other for their safety. We have also employed a watchman throughout the day,” he says.
The Subramanians from West Mambalam have been left out of the enumeration.
“They probably came when we were not at home. We are however happy to note that the police is taking proactive steps to help the seniors living alone,” they say.
Meanwhile, the Tamil Nadu Senior Citizen’s Association has also been approached by the police to share the data they have on seniors citizens living alone.
“Three months ago, the police took the addresses of people we knew were living alone. Recently, they handed over a notebook which has rules and advices. The time and date of a constable’s visit are also mentioned. The police official is supposed to sign the book whenever he makes a visit,” says D. Rajasekaran, general secretary, adding that the move by the police will make seniors feel secure that the police is a friend and always at hand.

Unregulated colonies: Amarinder Singh asks Punjab government to issue guidelines#amarinder singh #punjab #punjab government #congress #sad #bjp
Chandigarh: Senior Congress leader Amarinder Singh on Sunday demanded the Punjab government to issue necessary guidelines for regularising the unregulated colonies across the state.
He said that people were suffering and this has also had an adverse impact on the business sentiment. Smaller property transactions have come to a halt resulting in the loss to the small time traders, besides harassment to those who wanted to buy or sell the plots or houses for their personal use, he said.
Blaming the SAD-BJP government for such situation, the Congress Deputy Leader in the Lok Sabha and Amritsar MP, said in a statement that, "Such situations emerge when the ruling partners do not trust each other."
Senior Congress leader Amarinder Singh said that people were suffering and this has also had an adverse impact on the business sentiment.
"The level of mistrust has led to such a stage that the Akali leadership is wary of taking any decision which might end up benefiting the BJP," he said. Pointing out the "undue delay" in notifying the issue of the No Objection Certificates for regularising the unregulated colonies, the former Chief Minister said "in this process the common man was suffering".
"Better you clear the air on the NOC matter at the earliest and issue the necessary guidelines at the earliest lest people will have to come out on streets and fight for their rights," he warned.

Dharamsala: Congress-BJP tussle over HPCA casts shadow on India-West Indies match#hpca #dharamsala #congress #bjp #anurag thakur #prem kumar dhumal #virbhadra singh
Dharamsala: The tussle between ruling Congress and opposition BJP over the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association (HPCA) issue has cast a shadow on the 2nd ODI match between India and West Indies scheduled to be held on October 17.
BJP MP and HPCA president Anurag Thakur on Sunday claimed that they had written to the district police and civil authorities seeking security cover and administrative support for the One Day International match, but "we are yet to receive response".
"We have written to the district police and the district administration on September 5, but they have not responded so far... Whereas HPCA has to report about the preparatory steps taken for the ODI match between India and West Indies within a week," Thakur said.
Himachal Pradesh CM Virbhadra Singh, however, had said yesterday that the state government would extend all possible help to HPCA for the international match.
Thakur, son of former Chief Minister Prem Kumar Dhumal, alleged that that Virbhadra Singh-led Congress government's only aim was to take control of the Dharamsala stadium. Kangra Deputy Commissioner C Palrasu confirmed that the administration had received a communication from HPCA regarding the match. "Whatever we can, we will do," said Palrasu.
The district police authorities too said that they had received a request from the sports body and would be intimating the matter to the higher officials. Chief Minister Singh, however, had said yesterday that the state government would extend all possible help to HPCA for the international match.
Ruling Congress and opposition BJP have been locked in a bitter fight on the subject of land allotted to HPCA. While Thakur claimed that all rules were followed before constructing a luxury hotel on the land allotted by the government, Congress leaders on their part alleged that he was trying to justify the misdeeds of the association.

Watch: India International Dance Congress 2014Dress report row: Hyderabad stands up for Deepika Padukone
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Toddler crushed to death in Delhi s Karawal NagarNew Delhi: A 14-month-old toddler was killed when a car crushed her in a parking lot in Delhi, police said Sunday.
The accident was reported on Saturday evening from Karawal Nagar area in east Delhi.
Manisha was playing in the parking area when she was crushed. The car was being parked by an unidentified man, who fled from the spot after the accident, police said.
Manisha was playing in the parking area when she was crushed. The car was being parked by an unidentified man, who fled from the spot after the accident, police said.
The child was rushed to a nearby hospital where doctors declared her dead.
"The victim stayed in a shanty in the parking area with her parents. At the time of the incident, she was playing in the area," said a police official.

Telangana send 50 water-purifiers to flood-hit Kashmir#telangana #water purifier #jammu and kashmir floods
Hyderabad: The Telangana government is sending 50 water purifier machines costing Rs 2.5 crore to flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir.
Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao said people in the flood-hit state were facing severe shortage of drinking water and in order to help them purify the available water for drinking purposes, the Telangana government was sending the machines.
The water purifier machines, each costing Rs. 5 lakh, are being sent to Srinagar by a special aircraft from Hyderabad Sunday, said a statement from the Chief Minister's Office.
Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao said people in the flood-hit state were facing severe shortage of drinking water and in order to help them purify the available water for drinking purposes, the Telangana government was sending the machines.
This is in addition to the Rs. 10 crore financial aid already announced by Telangana for relief operations in Kashmir.

State to seek Rs. 426 crore from Centre for flood relief workUpdated: September 14, 2014 21:54 IST
State to seek Rs. 426 crore from Centre for flood relief work
R. Krishna Kumar
Tweet
Chief Minister Siddaramaiah launching the Dasara Amantrana Ratha in Myosre on Sunday. District in-charge Minister V.Srinivas Prasad, Minister for Rural Development and Panchayat Raj H.K. Patil, and MLA Tanvir Sait are seen.
Chief Minister Siddaramaiah said here on Sunday that the State would seek Rs. 426 crore from the Centre for relief and rehabilitation in areas affected by floods in the State.
Speaking to presspersons here on Sunday, he said parts of north Karnataka had been hit by severe floods and the extent of loss had been estimated. “We have sent a report to the Centre,” he said.
A Central team would visit the flood-affected regions in due course and would assess the situation before releasing funds, he said.
Mr. Siddaramaiah said an all-party delegation would go to Delhi to apprise the Centre of the damage, if necessary.
On the issue of appointing chairpersons to boards and corporations, Mr. Siddaraiamaiahh said a meeting would be held with the Karnataka Pradesh Congress Committee president G. Parameshwara. “We want to give more representation to women, and the process of appointing will take some time,” he added.
The Chief Minister refuted reports that he had written to the All-India Congress Committee president Sonia Gandhi on the issue and said they were mere speculation.
On the remarks of the former Minister Umesh Katti for a separate north Karnataka state, Mr. Siddaramaiah said he would not take such comments seriously. “Mr. Katti was a Minister and he is a senior leader and he should speak responsibly,” the Chief Minister added.
He was ambivalent on the issue raised by Pamoda Devi Wadiyar, wife of the late Srikantadatta Narasimharaja Wadiyar, that Dasara cultural programmes should not be held in front of the palace. “District in-charge Minister V. Srinivas Prasad has been entrusted with the responsibility of resolving the issue,” he added.
Mr. Siddaramaiah was in the city to participate in the Dalit Sahitya Sammelan and to inaugurate new facilities at the College of Horticulture. He also launched the Dasara Amantrana Ratha, which will tour the State inviting people to participate in the Naada Habba.

Energy slides after Russia sanctionsSeptember 12, 2014 6:58 pm
Energy slides after Russia sanctions
By Eric Platt and Anna Nicolaou in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ea5030ba-3a9b-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modi sets own protocol  to receive Xi in AhmedabadNEW DELHI, September 12, 2014
Updated: September 13, 2014 08:07 IST
Modi sets own protocol, to receive Xi in Ahmedabad
Suhasini Haidar
Tweet
PTI Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President Xi Jinping during the former's visit to China. In an exceptional departure from tradition, Mr. Modi will greet visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping not in Delhi, but in Ahmedabad when he arrives on September 17. File photo
TOPICS
international relations
On September 17, Mr. Modi's birthday, the two leaders are expected to attend a private banquet
In an exceptional departure from tradition, Prime Minister Modi will greet visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping not in Delhi, but in Ahmedabad when he arrives on September 17.
As reported in The Hindu last month, Mr. Xi is keen on a visit to Gujarat, where he is expected to witness the signing of several MoUs in business and infrastructural investment.
But the Gujarat visit will be more about bonding than business between the two leaders, informed sources say. Mr. Modi will personally escort Mr. Xi to the Sabarmati Ashram and the riverfront park that was developed when he was Chief Minister. September 17 is also Mr. Modi's birthday, and the two leaders are expected to attend a private banquet that night, according to an official of the Ministry of External Affairs.
20 agreements, MoUs to be signed during Xi’s India visit
Ahead of Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to India next week, China’s Assistant Foreign Minister Liu Jianchao told journalists in Beijing on Tuesday that President Xi’s visit will mark the beginning of “another era in Sino-Indian ties’, embedded with strong “strategic” resonance.
India and China are expected to sign as many as 20 agreements and MoUs in Delhi, on issues related to infrastructure development, cultural ties among others. Chief amongst the agreements will be the setting up of two ‘industrial cities’ near Gandhinagar and Pune on the lines of the Chinese manufacturing hub Shenzen.
In a departure from custom, President Xi will be received by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Ahmedabad, not Delhi. According to one Indian expert involved with the planning the visit, “The optics of this visit will be very much like the Kyoto visit of Mr. Modi,” where he was seen visiting a temple and feeding fish along with Prime Minister Abe. Mr. Xi’s delegation, is expected to eclipse other visitors with more than 50 businessmen and CEOs.
The two leaders, who are meeting for the second time since Mr Modi took office, are expected to discuss the road ahead in the Sino-Indian border negotiations. However, the two countries are still to appoint their Special Representatives for the border talks. In Delhi on September 18, President Xi will receive the official welcome at Rashtrapati Bhavan and will outline his vision for India-China ties at a speech which will be broadcast live in China. Before he leaves India on September 19, he will present Friendship awards to the family of the Dr. Kotnis, revered for his service in China during the Sino-Japanese war. President Xi will also meet Congress party president Sonia Gandhi.

Sunday ET | What made Scotland merge with UKYou are here: Home > Collections > Scotland
What made Scotland agree to a merger with England 300 years ago? Prospects of growing rich in India
Vikram Doctor, ET Bureau Sep 14, 2014, 04.07AM IST
Tags:
Scotland
(Haggis was news because…)
Michael Currie, the chieftain of the Delhi Caledonian Society, which promotes Scottish connections and culture, knows of someone in Delhi who makes a proper haggis. This could be described as a primitive sausage made of sheep offal (liver, lungs, heart) mixed with oats and spices, stuffed in a sheep stomach and boiled. Haggis is one of the great symbols of Scotland and imperative on the menu at occasions like Burns Night, January 25, the birthday of national poet Robert Burns, or St Andrew's Day, November 30, the feast of Scotland's patron saint. But Currie can't tell how this Delhi haggis tastes. "I'm vegetarian," he says. "We get a version made with nuts, lentils and vegetables." It sounds like oats uppuma. The Times of India (ToI) on November 13, 1897 described haggis in detail, including recipes using lamb offal, calf 's head and even a sweet version, but not vegetarian. The haggis then served in Bombay came in cans from Scotland, and on October 27, 1928, ToI reported happily that frozen haggis had arrived just in time.
Haggis was news because St Andrew's Day was a big event across India. Its timing meant it kicked off the 'cold season' when much of the work, and partying, in British India got done. It was the rare chance for the predominantly English government officials to meet the predominantly Scottish merchants and hear their concerns. Above all, it was a chance for Scots to show their numbers and power. In 1868 Sir Charles Dilke had written how "from Dunedin to Bombay, for every Englishman that you meet who has worked himself to wealth from small beginnings without external aid, you find ten Scotchmen. It is strange, indeed, that Scotland has not become the popular term for the United Kingdom."
Visions of an Empire
Dilke's words might seem ironic in a week when Scotland might vote to end that United Kingdom. A thwarted desire for empire was why Scotland had assented to the 1707 union of parliaments of the two countries, which is essentially what the current referendum seeks to end. And the empire the British offered was the glue that got them to stay in it. It is a story that starts, like many Scottish stories, with disaster and drink. The disaster was the Darien scheme, an ambitious attempt for Scotland to grow abroad as other European countries were doing in the 17th century. Scotland was technically independent then, only joined to England by a common monarch, but in practice found itself marginalized by powerful English interests, like the East India Company (EIC).
The EIC was then rapidly expanding its control in India and perhaps this persuaded Scottish leaders they needed their own colonies. Without access to foreign funds, they raised what they could within Scotland and picked the Gulf of Darien in Panama as the place from where to build a Scottish empire. But the expeditions that sailed, in 1698 and 1699, almost instantly failed in the hot, malarial climate, and this wiped out a large chunk of Scotland's wealth. This dire financial situation pushed the Scottish elites into considering an offer of union with England.
The English offer came from the events of 1688 when the strongly Protestant country deposed King James II for being Catholic, and put his daughter Mary, and her Dutch husband William on the throne. James's supporters, the Jacobites, kept plotting to regain control and since the royal family was Scottish ( James's grandfather, James VI of Scotland, succeeded Elizabeth I as James I of England) one way would have been to invade Scotland and claim its throne. When Mary's sister Anne became Queen in 1702 the English government decided to secure the throne by merging the kingdoms.
  Ship to India
Some nobles benefitted from the Union, but it was very unpopular with most Scots. The English at first mostly ignored Scottish discontent, but events like the tax riots of 1725 forced their attention. The tax was on malt, the basic ingredient in beer and whisky, which was hitting Scots where it hurt. The furious reaction made Sir Robert Walpole, the prime minister, realize appeasement was needed — and India was the answer. "It was to be bribery, but there were few lay or ecclesiastical preferments in Scotland to spread around. Only the abundance of EIC favours saved the day," writes George K McGilvary, in his paper "The Scottish Connection with India, 1725-1833".

Madarsas give  education of terrorism : BJP MPComments
The BJP’s MP from Unnao, Sakshi Maharaj, on Sunday accused madrasas of imparting “education of terrorism” and “breeding jihadis”.
The comments came close on the heels of another saffron-clad BJP MP, Yogi Adityanath, saying “where there are 20 to 35% of them (Muslims), communal riots take place”. Two FIRs have since been registered against the Gorakhpur MP on the election commission’s orders as the ‘hate speech’ was made in the run-up to the just concluded bypolls.
“Show me one madrasa where the national flag is unfurled on Independence or Republic Day,” Maharaj said to HT when asked about his comments. He also alleged Muslim men were “trapping” women from other communities. “Now that there is a nationalist government at the Centre, I have merely tried to highlight the threat the country faces from within,” he added.
The ruling SP and the Congress condemned the “outrageous” remarks. Muslim cleric Khalid Rasheed Firangi Mahal said, “It appears to be part of a systematic campaign to malign Muslims.”
The BJP has distanced itself from all such remarks.

Bank adviser pay catching up with tradersSeptember 14, 2014 12:00 pm
UK bank adviser pay catching up with traders
By Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/05e155f4-3aa4-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China set to pump billions of dollars in India; outwit Japan | Ready to meet  half wayChina
(With growing Outbound Direct…)
BEIJING: Cash-rich China is looking to outwit rival Japan by pledging to invest billions of dollars in India's railway, manufacturing and infrastructure projects during President Xi Jinping's maiden visit to the country this week.
As Xi's visit to India scheduled for September 17 draws close, Chinese officials are becoming increasingly vocal about Beijing's decision to scale up investments in India regarded widely as the most safe investment destination, especially after Japan made a splash with commitment to invest $35 billion during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to Tokyo.
With growing Outbound Direct Investment (ODI) which last year crossed $90 billion, China's investments in India, which so far remained a paltry $400 million, mostly in Gujarat, are now expected to surpass Japan.
China's foreign exchange reserves, the largest in the world, reached a record $3.95 trillion in March and it plans to invest around $500 billion overseas in the next five years, a large share of which is expected to find India's way.
China is positively considering investing in India's ambitious plan to build high-speed railways, including bullet trains.
Chinese officials say that China would be committing anywhere between $100 billion to $300 billion in the modernisation of Indian railways by replacing existing tracks to increase the speed, station development, establishing industrial parks as well as invest in mega infrastructure projects.
The improvement of tracks could push the average train speeds from 160 km/hr to 180 km/hr, Indian officials say.
China is also asking India to hand over certain railway corridors for it to build, develop and maintain high speed railway lines.
While Japan bagged the Mumbai-Ahmedabad first bullet train project, Chinese officials have evinced interest in Chennai and Bangalore and Bangalore-Mumbai corridors to build high-speed trains.
 
India has already invited China to modernise railway stations.
During Xi's visit, China is set to announce two industrial parks, one each in Gujarat and Maharastra to begin a host of manufacturing and energy units.
The investments are aimed at addressing India's concern of mounting trade deficit which averaged $35 billion in the total $66.4 billion trade last year.
Xi's visit will focus on economic and trade development, Hu Shisheng, a research fellow at the state-run China Institutes of Contemporary International Relations, told.
Hu said Beijing looks to invest in mega infrastructure projects just like the way Japan did in the last two decades in China developing its infrastructure despite political rivalry.
"We can invest far bigger amounts than Japan and finish projects in India far cheaper and faster as we have a proven record in this record in this regard," he said adding that China could be committing far higher than Japan's USD 35 billion.
Hu said Chinese leadership is not ruffled by Modi's Japan visit and his close rapport with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe as they knew Modi well before he came to power and interacted with him closely when he was the Gujarat Chief Minister.
He said China would be guided by Modi's assurance to attach top priority to Sino-India relations.
Hu said if Japan steps up investments in India, it could lead to trilateral approach to increase focus on development despite the rivalry.
  He said the border issue will not stand in the way of bilateral cooperation to be enhanced during Xi's visit.
After 17 rounds of talks, India and China have moved forward to resolve the vexed issue, he said.
What is left for experts and special representatives of borders talks is to find ways to demarcate the Line of Actual Control (LAC) and exchange maps which could happen under Modi and Xi's leadership as both are regarded as strong leaders, Hu said.
India asserts that the border dispute covered about 4,000 km, while China claims that it confined to about 2,000 km to the area of Arunachal Pradesh, which it refers as Southern Tibet.
"For the first time the two countries have strong leaders. It is the right time to reach a solution," Hu said.
For the time, during Xi's visit, China is seriously considering to open a new route for Indian pilgrims to take part in Kailash and Mansarovar yatra which will be good for ties, he added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

North Korea sentences US man to 6 years of hardlaborMatthew Miller, a U.S. citizen, sits on the dock at the Supreme Court during his trial in Pyongyang, North Korea, Sunday, Sept. 14, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Posted: September 14, 2014 7:43 pm
North Korea’s Supreme Court on Sunday sentenced a 24-year-old American man to six years of hard labor for entering the country illegally to commit espionage.
At a trial that lasted about 90 minutes, the court said Matthew Miller, of Bakersfield, California, tore up his tourist visa at Pyongyang’s airport upon arrival on April 10 and admitted to having the “wild ambition” of experiencing prison life so that he could secretly investigate North Korea’s human rights situation.
Miller, who looked thin and pale at the trial and was dressed completely in black, is one of three Americans being held in North Korea.
Showing no emotion throughout the proceedings, Miller waived the right to a lawyer and was handcuffed before being led from the courtroom after his sentencing. The court, comprising a chief judge flanked by two “people’s assessors,” ruled it would not hear any appeals to its decision.
Earlier, it had been believed that Miller had sought asylum when he entered North Korea. During the trial, however, the prosecution argued that was a ruse and that Miller also falsely claimed to have secret information about the US military in South Korea on his iPad and iPod.
Miller was charged under Article 64 of the North Korean criminal code, which is for espionage and can carry a sentence of five to 10 years, though harsher punishments can be given for more serious cases.
A trial is expected soon for one of the other Americans being held, Jeffrey Fowle, who entered the North as a tourist and was arrested in May for leaving a Bible at a sailor’s club in the city of Chongjin. The third American, Korean-American missionary Kenneth Bae, is serving out a 15-year sentence for alleged “hostile acts.”
All three have appealed to the US government to send a senior statesman to Pyongyang to intervene on their behalf.
During a brief interview in Pyongyang last week, Miller said he had written a letter to President Barack Obama but had not received a reply.
Following Sunday’s court verdict, the US State Department urged North Korea to release Miller, as well as Bae and Fowle.
“Now that Mr. Miller has gone through a legal process, we urge the DPRK to grant him amnesty and immediate release,” State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement, using North Korea’s official name, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea.
Fowle, a 56-year-old equipment operator for the city of Moraine, Ohio, said his wife, a hairstylist from Russia, made a written appeal on his behalf to Russian President Vladimir Putin. He said the Russian government responded that it was watching the situation.
The US has repeatedly offered to send its envoy for North Korean human rights issues, continued…

Don t celebrate my b day  help in J&K relief...BJP
(Narendra Modi's appeal…)
NEW DELHI: Those curious to how Modi will celebrate his first birthday as the Prime Minister got the answer from his favourite medium of interaction - Twitter.
Tweeting in both Hindi and English, Modi who turns 64 on Wednesday, asked people to not indulge in his birthday celebrations but instead focus on relief work in Kashmir. "My humble request- do not celebrate my birthday. Instead, dedicate yourselves towards relief work in J&K through your time & resources," he said.
Modi's another tweet said,"On 17th, President Xi Jinping will be in Guj. We look forward to extending a warm welcome to him but there will be no birthday celebrations." The PM also asked people to cancel any planned parties in his honor and also request people to donate generously for relief work in the floods.
Modi has always chosen his birthday to surprise people. In 2011, as the Gujarat CM he began his much famous 3-day Sadbhavna fast on his birthday after visiting his mother. The fast that he said was aimed at building harmony and brotherhood was reported widely.
In 2013, incidentally, Modi paid an unexpected visit to senior BJP leader Keshubhai Patel, who had rebelled against him and quit the BJP to float his own party.
However, in a blog post written on his 62nd birthday he said that throughout his life the birthday has been no different from any other day of his life.
FEATURED ARTICLES

History meets modernity: Varanasi awaits a grand makeoverComments
For Prime Minister Narendra Modi's constituency of Varanasi it seems 'acche din' have come with the NDA government planning a giant goodie bag for the temple city.
Elderly women walk down the stairs on the banks of the River Ganges in Varanasi. AFP Photo/Manan Vatsyayana
What the Centre does here could potentially be used to showcase the Modi government's development initiatives in future polls.
Besides a complete makeover, the Centre's big plans for the oldest living city in the world includes a film city, developing a 'greater Varanasi', a mass transport system like the one in New Delhi, a trade facilitation centre, and a arts and craft museum.
In the 2014 general polls, Modi had contested from Varanasi and Gujarat's Vadodara. He later retained the UP seat and promised to develop the city including cleaning up the Ganga. To that end, a lion's share of the Centre's multi-crore Namami Gange plan will be spent on Varanasi and facelift of 84 river-front ghats is also on the agenda.
Kashi is also high on the agenda of the NDA government's smart city project. A mass rapid transport system including a Bus Rapid Transport System- like the one in New Delhi - is being planned.
There is also an exhaustive plan for 'Greater Varanasi' which will see the development of neighbouring towns like Sarnath, Ramnagar, Babatpur, Shivpur, Cholapur and Ganapur as satellite cities.
To boost tourism, plans are underway to promote 'walking tourism' and get heritage tags for several havelis, kothis and akharas. A cooperation deal between Kyoto and Varanasi, signed by Modi when he was in Japan, will strive to preserve the art and culture of the ancient Indian city.
While the entire civic structure of Varanasi is headed for an overhaul including modern waste management system, six projects worth `1,017.18 crore will be completed soon.
Uttar Pradesh's first jetty will come up on the Kosi river near Ram Nagar in Varanasi. Once it begins operation, ships with 600 to 1,000 tonnes of cargo can ferry between West Bengal and Varanasi giving a big boost to economic and commercial activities.
Sources said necessary clearances for a trade facilitation centre and a crafts museum, announced by finance minister Arun Jaitley in the budget, will be given by the Centre soon. Rs. 50 crore was set aside for this plan.
A Jal Marg Vikas project to connect Varanasi through rive-routes and a complete makeover of the Cantonment railway station is also on the cards.
The proposal for a film city was proposed by BJP MP and Bhojpuri superstar Manoj Tewari. "Many films are shot in Varanasi. An organised film city can boost the local economy," said an official. 
 
Plans for tourism
The government will identify, preserve and project more historical buildings as tourist attractions. It has planned to adopt measures such as better access by walkways and improved lighting that can make the city’s heritage structures more attractive.
 
Plans for citizens
A complete revamp of the civic infrastructure with better sewage network, waste management and transportation. A plan to bring in intelligent street lighting is also on the blueprint as are initiatives to declog the city’s skyline that’s presently criss-crossed by jumble of wires
 
Plans for the city
Kick-starting the several central schemes that would have bettered the civic infrastructure. Action would include releasing of remaining funds and spurring execution. The government is also looking at developing the suburbs as Greater Varanasi to help spread out the population
 
Plans for Ganga
The majestic ghats of Kashi and the riverfront are expected to get a facelift and the government is planning to get cracking on the ambitious ‘jal marg’ project that would see transit on the 1,620 km- Allahabad-Varanasi-Haldia water stretch.

The battle within: Are US women joining the IS jihad in West Asiaprint
US law enforcement is investigating a new phenomenon of women from the American heartland joining Islamic State as President Barack Obama vows to cut off the militants' recruiting at home.
At least three Somali families in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area have female relatives who have gone missing in the past six weeks and may have tried to join Islamic State, said community leader Abdirizak Bihi. He said that while the reasons for their disappearance were unclear, he had told the families to contact police.
In a separate case, a 19-year-old American Somali woman from St. Paul snuck away from her parents on Aug. 25 saying she was going to a bridal shower. Instead, she flew to Turkey and joined IS in Syria.
Home to the biggest Somali community in the United States, the Twin Cities area of Minnesota has been plagued by terrorist recruiting since the Somali group al-Shabaab began enlisting in America around 2007.
This year, law enforcement officials say they learned of 15-20 men with connections to the Minnesota Somali community fighting for extremist groups in Syria. They included Douglas Authur McCain, a convert to Islam, who was killed in battle this summer.
The St. Paul woman is the first case of an area female joining IS that has been made public although her family have asked for her name to be kept private because it fears retaliation from Islamists.
Greg Boosalis, FBI division counsel in Minneapolis, said law enforcement was investigating the possible recruitment in the area by Islamist extremists of other females, as well as males, but refused to comment on specific cases.
"We are looking into the possibility of additional men and women travelers," he said.
Somali leaders and sources close to police worry that the reports of female would-be jihadis from the region could mark a new trend.
The St. Paul woman is highly likely to have been recruited by IS through Islamist sympathizers in the United States, rather than joining the group on her own, they said. At least one other woman is suspected of helping her leave the United States.
Another US teenager, nurse's aide Shannon Conley, 19, from Colorado, pleaded guilty this week to trying to travel to the Middle East to enroll in IS. She was arrested at Denver International Airport in April with a one-way ticket and had been recruited online by a male militant in Syria.
Nipping domestic extremism in the bud before Americans try to join terrorist groups is part of Obama's strategy against Islamic State announced in a televised address last week.
Along with an aerial bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria, Obama pledged that the government would "intervene with at-risk individuals before they become radicalized toward violence and decide to travel abroad to Syria and Iraq to join ISIL."
He said authorities would offer "tailored domestic programs to prevent violent extremism and radicalization" but gave no more details.
The Somali woman from St. Paul who traveled to Syria attended a mosque near the eastern bank of the Mississippi River which had previously attracted suspected extremists. In June, the mosque banned an Egyptian-American man it said was spreading radical ideology.
The woman told a relative after leaving the United States that she wanted to help children in IS-controlled territory in Syria.
"The nature of the recruitment of these crazy organizations is how they use the element of surprise. Now they have surprised us again by going for the girls," said Bihi, speaking about the St. Paul woman who he said was targeted by recruiters.
Bihi's teenaged nephew was killed in Somalia in 2009 after being persuaded to join al-Shabaab while in Minnesota.
"Baby factories"
While foreign women who join Islamic State often envision aiding a holy war or at least playing an active role in establishing a purist Islamic nation, the reality can be more mundane.
Monitoring of extremists' social media accounts and other writings shows that male jihadis regard women counterparts as little more than mating partners, said Mia Bloom, from the Center for Terrorism and Security Studies at the University of Massachusetts Lowell.
"ISIS is recruiting these women in order to be baby factories. They are seeing the establishment of an Islamic state and now they need to populate the state," Bloom said.
Scores of European Muslim women, mostly from Britain and France, have joined IS in the Middle East.
Denver teenager Conley became engaged to an Islamic State militant in Syria who she met online. Jihadist groups like al Qaeda and IS usually only put women near the frontline in emergencies, Bloom said.
Some young foreign women have been deployed to Islamic State checkpoints in northern Syria where they pat down other women to search for weapons and force local females to abide by strict Islamic dress codes.
But snapshots on social media of the female jihadis' lives in Syria more often show that, "the girls go around making cookies. It's almost like a jihadi Tupperware party," Bloom said.
The main worry for law enforcement is that US militants will one day return to the United States and attack targets.
"The obvious fear is of individuals coming back and committing a terrorist act here," said the FBI's Boosalis. The FBI has been working with the Somali community in Minnesota for years to help it combat radical Islamists.

British PM Cameron vows to hunt down  monsters  who beheaded David Hainesprint
In a strongly-worded response after an emergency meeting, Prime Minister David Cameron on Sunday vowed to ‘extinguish’ the Islamic State (IS) by taking ‘whatever steps necessary’ after a new video depicted the beheading of British aid worker David Haines.
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
 
“We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes,” he said, and added that “they are not Muslims, they are monsters” as he spelt out the measures Britain will take to counter the threat.
Read: Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
 
Haines, 44, was kidnapped in Syria in March 2013. The video showed him being beheaded by the same man with a British accent who had appeared in previous videos showing the beheading of US journalists Steven Sotloff and James Foley.
Speaking after chairing an emergency meeting, Cameron said: “We cannot just walk on by if we are to keep this country safe. Step by step, we must drive back, dismantle and ultimately destroy Isil and what it stands for”.
Alan Henning, another British hostage, is currently being held by the militant group.
Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
US president Barack Obama led a host of international leaders in condemning the latest beheading: "The United States strongly condemns the barbaric murder of UK citizen David Haines…The United States stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve”.
 
Calling Haines a ‘British hero’, Cameron said Britain will calmly work with allies to counter the challenge in the Middle East: “It must strengthen our resolve. We must recognise that it will take time to eradicate a threat like this. It will require, as I have described, action at home and abroad”.
Video: Those responsible for Haines death will be brought to justice: David Cameron
He added: "This is not something we can do on our own. We have to work with the rest of the world. Ultimately, our security as a nation, the way we go about our everyday lives in this free and tolerant society that is Britain, has always depended on our readiness to act against those who stand for hatred and who stand for destruction."
Read: After third beheading and warning of fourth, West set to unleash war on IS militants
Britain, he said, will upscale efforts to weed out such elements in the country through a comprehensive counter-terrorism strategy. It will also pursue action at the United Nations and help Kurds and other forces in the region opposed to the IS.
 
Mike Haines, brother of David Haines, said in a statement: “David was most alive and enthusiastic in his humanitarian roles. His joy and anticipation for the work he went to do in Syria is for myself and family the most important element of this whole sad affair."

Sinopec sells $17.4bn retail unit stakeSeptember 14, 2014 4:53 pm
Sinopec sells $17.4bn retail unit stake
By Jennifer Hughes and Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong and Lucy Hornby in Beijing
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2829d7fc-3bfe-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Business News: Retail sales up in AugustBusiness News: Retail sales up in August
Business News: Retail sales up in August
KCRA 3 financial expert Kelly Brothers has the latest business news including retails up in August.
KCRA 3 financial expert Kelly Brothers has the latest business news including retails up in August.
KCRA 3 financial expert Kelly Brothers has the latest business news including retails up in August.
This video is featured in these articles:

Nepal importing 20 000 sheep  goats for Vijaya Dashmi#nepal #goats #sheep #durga puja #vijaya dashami
Kathmandu: Nepalese traders are set to import at least 20,000 sheep and mountain goats worth NRs 300 million from China this year for the Vijaya Dashmi festival.
The traders, who have reached Dhongwasen in Tibet, have already acquired permission from the District Livestock Office in Mustang in northwest Nepal to bring in the livestock into the country, said an official.
Every year, some 30,000 goats are sold during the period. Last year a total of 25,000 sheep and mountain goats were imported from Tibet to the country from this trading point.
The traders, who have reached Dhongwasen in Tibet, have already acquired permission from the District Livestock Office in Mustang in northwest Nepal to bring in the livestock into the country, said an official.
The number of sheeps and goats imported from Tibet has dropped this year "due to strict monitoring" on the border, allowing only traders to go to Mustang, the official said.
Traders from Chhoser, Lomanthang, Charang, Surkhang, Ghami and Tchhonhup of Upper Mustang will sell the animals at Myagdi, Baglung and Pokhara.
The livestock worth NRs 300 million are being imported into the country for the festival season, according to the District Livestock Office, Mustang.
Farmers of Mustang have locally reared 62,000 sheep and mountain goats, officials said.
The sheep and mountain goats are likely to be sent across the country including the capital Kathmandu from mid- September.
The District Livestock Office has set up service centres in Mustang district for health check-up of the imported animals.

Two Manipuri youths attacked in Delhi  three held#delhi #manipur #youth #juvenile #attack #racism
New Delhi: Two Manipuri students were attacked with a scissor, stones and iron rods by three people, two of them juveniles, when the northeastern youths objected to racist remarks against them, police said on Sunday. The attackers have been apprehended.
The incident took place around 9 PM on Saturday at Babulal Chowk in Munirka area of south Delhi.
Police said the Manipuri youths had gone to a nearby shop where the accused made racist comments at them.
Police said the Manipuri youths had gone to a nearby shop where the accused made racist comments at them.
"When the victims objected to the racist remarks, the accused started using abusive language. A heated argument started, and the accused attacked the victims with a scissor, stones and iron rods from a nearby construction site," a police official said.
The Manipuri youths were taken to the Safdarjung Hospital. One of them, 21-year-old Laith Golain, was discharged after first aid, while Boylen, also 21, was still under treatment following multiple stab injuries.
The attackers fled the spot after the incident, but were nabbed later, police said.
The two Manipuris, who are undergraduate students of Delhi University, stay in a rented accommodation in Munirka, south Delhi.

BJP will form Delhi govt in  fully democratic way : Ram Madhav#ram madhav #bjp #delhi government #aap #allegation #horse trading #delhi elections
Varanasi: Brushing aside AAP's allegations of horse-trading, BJP general secretary Ram Madhav on Sunday said his party would form the government in Delhi in "fully democratic way".
Asserting that his party was not in favour of forming the government through undemocratic means, Madhav said "had there been such things (horse-trading) then BJP might have formed the government six months ago".
Slamming the Arvind Kejriwal-led party for levelling "baseless allegations" against BJP, Madhav said, "AAP doesn't have anything else to do other than creating controversies and making such baseless allegations... They ran away from running the government and now they are demanding re-elections."
Asserting that his party was not in favour of forming the government through undemocratic means, Madhav said "had there been such things (horse-trading) then BJP might have formed the government six months ago".
Asked about the Delhi Lieutenant Governor's move to invite BJP to form the government, he said "whatever the democratic methods are will be followed and a suitable decision will be taken by LG on this issue".
"Whosoever forms the government it will be formed in fully democratic way," he added.

No power connection to buildings without occupancy certificate: MinisterUpdated: September 14, 2014 22:52 IST
No power connection to buildings without occupancy certificate: Minister
Raviprasad Kamila
Tweet
Escoms to be held responsible if connections are given
Minister for Energy D.K. Shivakumar said on Sunday that the government has decided not to provide permanent electricity connection to buildings which do not have occupancy certificates issued by the civic body to testify that the building meets safety standards and is free from violations, including encroachment.
Addressing presspersons here, Mr. Shivakumar pointed out that electricity supply companies (Escoms) would give temporary power connections to buildings based on the licence for construction and building plan approved by the Urban Development Department. Henceforth, if temporary connections are to be made permanent, the building owners must obtain occupancy certificates from the Urban Development Department.
The assistant executive engineers of the respective sub-divisions of Escoms would be held responsible if they gave permanent connections to buildings which did not have occupancy certificates, he said.
The decision was taken as the Urban Development Department has sought the cooperation of the Energy Department to prevent illegal buildings from mushrooming in urban areas. This would mean that owners of buildings without occupancy certificates would have to pay a higher tariff for power consumption as the charges for temporary power connection are much higher than the domestic tariff.
Mr. Shivakumar said that a six-member committee headed by the respective MLAs would be formed in each Assembly constituency to redress complaints of consumers, power theft and misuse of electricity. The committee would have consumers as members in addition to officials and it would meet once in two months.
In addition to the committee, another six-member committee headed by an Assistant Executive Engineer (AEE) would be formed at the section-level of Escoms. The committee should meet once in two months to redress complaints of consumers.
The Minister said that all Escoms have been instructed to have a transformer bank. They have been asked to replace defective transformers within 24 hours in urban areas and within 72 hours in rural areas.
Mr. Shivakumar said that 3,000 MW power is expected to be generated additionally in the State by 2016.
Of which, 2,000 MW would come from coal and the remaining from solar. Coal power generation units would be set up at Bellary, Raichur and Kudgi, he said.

Indias love affair with gold may be over  as prices slideThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

July IIP at 0.5%; August CPI dips marginally to 7.8%You are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
July IIP at 0.5% versus 3.4% in June; August CPI dips marginally to 7.8%
ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 05.37PM IST
Tags:
July IIP
(The Index of Industrial…)
NEW DELHI: After a good run, macro data turned disappointing again with industrial production barely expanding in July and consumer inflation easing only marginally in August, but some indicators for last month suggest moderation in July growth could be an exception in an otherwise improving economy.
The Index of Industrial Production (IIP) rose 0.5 per cent in July from a year ago, the slowest in four months, data released by the statistics office showed. The simultaneously released Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation slowed to 7.8 per cent in August from nearly 8 per cent in the previous month. The consensus had been for a rise of more than 1.5 per cent in industrial production and a bigger drop in the inflation rate.
"The economic environment has definitely improved though the July data does not show that. We are hopeful of IIP growing between 3 per cent and 3.5 per cent against no growth last year. July seems like a one-off case," said DK Joshi, chief economist, Crisil. India's GDP expanded 5.7 per cent in the April-June quarter, the highest growth in two years, indicating that the economy was coming out of a prolonged slowdown.
Although July industrial growth numbers are a dampener, indicators for August suggest this could be a blip. Car sales rose 15 per cent in August and indirect tax revenue growth rose to 9 per cent in the month compared with 4.9 per cent rise in July, suggesting a pickup in the domestic economy.
"July's 0.5 per cent growth looks like an aberration. Next month's number will likely be on a higher side. The high electricity numbers will reflect in manufacturing growth with a lag of one-two months," said Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic adviser, State Bank of India. "While today's number was dismal and we remain watchful of the trend, especially the fragile growth in consumer goods segment, it doesn't nullify the optimistic outlook we hold for Indian economy for FY15. Our analysis shows that improved consumer confidence, as outlined through auto sales data should ultimately start to reflect in the IIP readings," said Shubhada Rao, chief economist, Yes Bank Industry was not so sanguine.
"While we were hoping that the slowdown in manufacturing had bottomed out, it appears from July numbers that manufacturing may not out be out of the woods," Ficci said in a release urging more measures from the government. There was more to look forward to in inflation numbers. Consumer food inflation went up 9.42 per cent from 9.36 per cent in the previous month but with the monsoon improving dramatically in September, a further spike is unlikely.
Declining crude and vegetables prices will provide further relief with a cut in diesel prices on the cards. However, most experts still expect the RBI to hold interest rates when it reviews monetary policy on September 30. Retail inflation is still close to RBI's March 2015 target of 8 per cent.
"We do not expect RBI to change its stance in the upcoming credit policy announcement later this month and thereby the repo rate is likely to remain unchanged," Care Ratings said in a statement.The possibility of a rise in interest rates in the US could also keep pressure on the central bank to maintain status quo. The numbers were released after the markets closed - the BSE Sensex had closed 0.24 per cent higher at 27,061.04 points. The moderation in industrial production was driven by a 1 per cent fall in manufacturing output, the first decline in the current fiscal, with 10 out of 22 sub-sectors contracting. Electricity was, however, the silver lining in Friday's data, with an impressive 11.7 per cent growth.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Insurance cos steering clear of fraudsters  hotbedInsurance companies mull staying away from nine hotbeds of fraudsters
Shilpy Sinha & Sugata Ghosh, ET Bureau Sep 13, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
insurance
(Almost every month, fraudsters…)
MUMBAI: Less than a fortnight ago, senior officials who have the last word on claims settled by private life insurance companies, met in Mumbai to discuss a menace they could no longer ignore.
Almost every month, fraudsters have been popping up in small towns across the country to carry out organised attacks on life companies. They come in all hues: faceless crooks in Punjab buying life covers with a bogus log-in on the Internet, as well as old-world racketeers armed with fake death certificates.
In the complex business of life insurance, the deal with the customer is simple: the family gets the cheque when the policyholder crosses over to the other side; indeed, to most, few things in life can be more black and white. But there can be 50 shades of grey when a death is less than honest — a truth that many private insurers are discovering every other day.
Insurers are stumbling on strange cases where the police, panchayat sachiv, lawyers and family members are hand-inglove to push claims where the policyholder is still alive, where a person is made to sign a policy on her death bed, and even where a policyholder is simply a fictitious character. While for ages insurance crimes have been a fodder for movies and thriller stories, what has surprised insurance companies this time around is the organised nature of the frauds and their rising number: cases of fraud have risen to 2-4 per cent of total rejected claims from well below 1 per cent a few years ago.
At the meeting in Mumbai attended by more than 15 private life firms (including the leading players), the officials identified the hotbeds for fraudsters
The hotbeds for fraudsters are: Sabarkantha, Modasa, Kheda and Mehsana in Gujarat; Jalgaon, Dhule and Nandurbar in Maharashtra; Ganjam in Odisha, and Morena in Madhya Pradesh.
Also under watch are places like Khammam (Andhra Pradesh), Kubernagar, Sunder Nagar and Bhavnagar (in Gujarat), and parts of Punjab where, though instances of frauds have been reported, the situation is not yet alarming.
The unofficial decision among life insurers is to stay away from selling policies in these regions — particularly on the Net and covers with high sum assured, said a person who was present at the meeting. The insurers will soon present a note on the situation for the Life Insurance Council to take up the matter with the Insurance Regulatory & Development Authority.
"There are some regions where frauds are happening in an organised manner," said Sunil Sharma , chief actuary, Kotak Life Insurance.
"There are cases where the level of income does not justify level of insurance. There are frauds in some areas of Haryana, Gujarat and places such as Muzaffarnagar in UP. There is a need for better coordination among companies to curb the menace."
According to the claims head of a mid-sized firm, fraudulent employees of a few insurance aggregators are also involved in false claims against policies bought on the Net. "It's easier on the Net as you do not see the person. They pay a few premiums and then make the claim...Often, a person whose personal details are misused may not be aware of the goings-on. There are cases where the so-called policyholder died before the cover was purchased. All documents can be faked...Even the Ombudsman , who has to go by hard evidence, has ruled in favour of fraudsters," said the person who refused to be named.
"There are ambulance chasers who tie up with family members to buy a policy for someone who is in a critical stage. They make sure that hospitalization and medical records are destroyed so that insurance companies find it difficult to refuse the claim on grounds of 'medical non-disclosure'...And, there are always those cases where a person buys covers from multiple companies, but these can curbed if insurers crosscheck with each other."
According to the industry official, tricksters also exploit the loophole in law by claiming the money after two years — a tactic that weakens the case for insurance companies. In a business where competition is fierce and targets and deadlines are punishing, swindlers take advantage of the incentive-driven salesman's rush to get business.
Agents who bring these businesses should be blacklisted and underwriting norms should be more stringent, said an executive with a private company. Insurers collect documents such as bank statements and tax returns, and policies above Rs 50,000 need PAN card number, but expert forgers make sure that companies do not suspect too much.
"Frauds started with term plans and have now moved to savings plans, such as money-back policies," said an agent. Still, these are early days. "We are hearing that claims in certain areas have gone up," said V Manikham, secretarygeneral, Life Insurance Council — the representative body of all life insurance companies in India.
"We do not have data to substantiate it," he said.In 2012-13, insurance companies had settled 8.46 lakh claims on individual policies with a total payout of Rs 9,370.22 crore. Around 18,485 claims amounting to Rs 568.42 crore were repudiated while 12,267 claims worth Rs 318.24 crore were pending at the year-end.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India-bound Malaysia Airlines flight returns back after an auto-pilot defect; passengers and crew safePrint
In this photo taken on Friday, Aug. 29, 2014, a Malaysia Airlines plane approaches to land at Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang in Malaysia. (Source: AP)
Press Trust of India | Kuala Lumpur | Posted: September 14, 2014 10:55 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 11:57 am
An India-bound flight of Malaysia Airlines was forced to return due to an auto-pilot defect, landing safely here on Sunday, said the carrier already hit by the twin tragedies this year. Flight MH198 from Kuala Lumpur to Hyderabad departed at 10.20pm last night but the Boeing 737-800 turned back due to an auto-pilot defect and landed safely at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport at 2.01am today, it said in a statement.
“The defect did not have any impact on the safety of the aircraft or passengers, however, as a precautionary measure, the operating Captain decided to turn back,” the airline said. It refuted reports on social media that the aircraft caught fire. Initial reports had said that the plane had to make an emergency landing due to “burning fuel”.
The airline said that upon arrival, passengers and crew disembarked safely and were given accommodation at nearby hotels. The flight has been rescheduled to operate as MH198D and will depart Kuala Lumpur at 12pm on Sunday.
The airline said it regretted the disruption to its guests’ travel plans but reiterated that safety of its passengers was its priority. Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 with 239 people aboard lost contact on March 8. No trace of any wreckage has been found so far.
Another flight MH17 was shot down by a missile over eastern Ukraine on July 17, killing all 289 people aboard.

China ready to meet half way ; asks India to boostefficiencyPress Trust of India | Dushanbe | Posted: September 14, 2014 1:42 pm
Ahead of President Xi Jinping’s visit, China has sought “work efficiency” in India and welcomed Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s efforts to push reforms to spur economic growth, saying it was “ready to meet India halfway” in its quest for development and prosperity.
Foreign Minister Wang Yi said China was all set to sign pacts providing for major investment in infrastructure projects in India including industrial parks and railways networks during Xi’s visit while expressing confidence that the trip will elevate the bilateral ties to a “new level”.
“Of course we look forward to reforms. Economic reform is in India’s own interests. We can tell that Prime Minister Modi is pushing ahead with the reforms. If you insist on me mentioning one area, we hope you raise your efficiency of work,” he said when asked to identify areas for reform to boost Chinese investments in India.
China’s foreign exchange reserves, the largest in the world, reached a record USD 3.95 trillion in March and it plans to invest around USD 500 billion overseas in the next five years, a share of which is expected to find India’s way. 60-year-old Xi, who took over as the head of the ruling Communist Party in 2012 and President and military chief in March last year, had been sending clear signals of boosting bilateral relations with India and is likely to make major announcements about Chinese investment in India’s infrastructure sector.
“We can feel the strong desire of the new government of India led by Prime Minister Modi to strengthen China-India relationship. Probably, this is fully in line with the fundamental interests and wishes of India as a nation and its people,” Wang said. Welcoming efforts by Modi to bring a new momentum in the Indian economy, he called for joining of hands by the “two major markets” in the world to chart a new course of growth in Asia while and said the “highly complicated” boundary dispute should not be allowed to hamper bilateral relations.
“Our overall thinking is that China and India, as two big neighbours, as two big markets and as two of the world’s major civilizations should unite for even closer cooperation so that together we can usher in a new path of growth and development for Asia in the 21st Century,” Wang told PTI in an interview here in the Tajik capital.
Calling for greater cooperation in key areas, he said the time has come for China and India to seek joint development and prosperity so that together both the countries could contribute to peace and prosperity of the humanity. “We are ready to meet India halfway and echo India’s efforts and we have full confidence that under leadership of Prime Minister Modi, China-India relations will enjoy even broader prospects,” Wang said.
Wang identified trade imbalance between the two countries as a major issue and underlined the need to address it. The bilateral trade in 2013-14 declined to USD 65.85 billion from a high of USD 74 billion in 2011. The trade deficit stood at USD 35 billion in continued…

Will Apple s Digital Wallet Kill the Card SwipePop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Exploring possibility of integrating GOQii coaching platform with Apple watch: Vishal GondalApple CEO Tim Cook introduces the new Apple Watch. Apple's new wearable device marks the company's first major entry in a new product category since the iPad's debut in 2010.
Tech Desk | Posted: September 12, 2014 3:42 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 4:34 pm
Vishal Gondal, CEO and Founder of GOQii, India’s first homegrown wearable device, gives his take on the Apple Watch.
“Finally, the most personal product ever made by Apple is here. Yes, I am talking about Apple watch (not iwatch, as everyone speculated) and I correct myself, it is ‘almost here’, as it wouldn’t be available until early 2015. However, we now know how it looks like and what all it offers.
Despite not being heavy on sensors as everyone thought, it does measure steps, heart rate, calorie burn and also pulls data from coupled iPhone. Combine all this will Apple’s amazing design capability to display data collected and you have a winner. Carrying on with the amazing success Apple had with iPhones, Apple watch also comes with full-blown third party apps like Facebook, Maps and Siri, which adds a touch of human like interaction. I would really like to see Apple continue its journey on this front, as without interaction and human intelligence all wearable devices are just mere data collectors.
At GOQii, we see Apple watch as a wonderful platform to enhance GOQii users’ experience. We have already started exploring the possibility of integrating our coaching platform with Apple watch to further enable its users. This means all the data generated by GOQii band can be seamlessly displayed on your Apple watch along with your coach’s interactions and updates. Thus, in a way your coach will not only be on your phone but also on your wrist interacting and leading you to a healthier lifestyle.
In future, it’s quite possible that all the data generated by Apple watch could be used as raw feed by our coaches to help users live healthier lifestyle and that too in the least intrusive way.
In a nutshell, it is a great product which continues to carry on Apple’s design legacy and with the GOQii service layer added, it has the potential to become a must-have gadget.

InMobi invites applications for Hack DayInMobi invites applications for Hack Day
Priyanka Pani
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 12:  
Mobile advertising network InMobi is inviting applications from top programmers and developers to be part of its annual InMobi Hack Day to be held on October 11.
The theme of this year’s event will be Social, Mobile, Analytics & Cloud (SMAC).
Casino Night
In line with the ongoing focus around gaming, the company will create a Casino Night on the sidelines of the Hack where participants can participate and win across various offline games. Winning in these offline games and scoring points will add to their overall standing in their final Hacks.
“InMobi has always strived to add an element of fun into our Hacks. Extending our focus gaming, we will set up a Casino Night at Hack Day to ensure the fun never stops. We are seeing some top developers enrol this year. This event provides a great exposure for us on the quality of programmers and developers coming into the mainstream. Likewise, it also gives a fantastic opportunity to showcase our culture of innovation at InMobi,” said Mohit Saxena, Co-Founder and CTO, InMobi.
Food, entertainment and a special show that will preview a ‘Mind Hack’ from a renowned magician will add to the excitement of InMobi Hack Day this year. Registrations will close on September 20, 2014. For more details please visitInMobi Hack Day 2014.
InMobi dollar fund
Recently, InMobi reiterated its commitment to game developers by announcing a $25-million dollar fund. A comprehensive list of ad formats were also released to help developers optimise their monetisation strategies based on the emotional state of players as they move through different stages of a game. The solution offers a full range of ad formats that include Playable Ads, Video Ads, Interstitials and Rewarded Ads.
(This article was published on September 12, 2014)

Top 5 Sensex companies lose Rs. 36 971.61cr from market capSep 14, 2014, 01.21 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Top 5 Sensex companies lose Rs. 36,971.61cr from market cap
The m-cap of SBI surged Rs. 8,227.23 crore to reach Rs. 1,96,020.23 crore, while ITC added Rs. 4,421.88 crore to touch Rs. 2,83,518.18 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top 5 Sensex companies lose Rs. 36,971.61cr from market cap
The m-cap of SBI surged Rs. 8,227.23 crore to reach Rs. 1,96,020.23 crore, while ITC added Rs. 4,421.88 crore to touch Rs. 2,83,518.18 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
The market valuation of top five Sensex companies fell by Rs. 36,971.61 crore last week, with ONGC and Sun Pharma being the worst hit.
While ONGC , RIL , CIL , Infosys  and Sun Pharma  saw losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), TCS , ITC , HDFC Bank , SBI  and ICICI Bank  witnessed gains.
The m-cap of ONGC plunged Rs. 11,421.58 crore to Rs. 3,67,158.86 crore, while Sun Pharma lost Rs. 10,749.03 crore to Rs. 1,66,910.28 crore from its valuation.
Also Read: Stay invested, but choose your stocks wisely, say experts
Coal India’s value dipped Rs. 8,400.77 crore at Rs. 2,26,094.26 crore; Infosys (Rs. 3,327.7 crore at Rs. 2,10,879.62 crore) and RIL (Rs. 3,072.53 crore at Rs. 3,28,501.95 crore).
On the other hand, the m-cap of SBI surged Rs. 8,227.23 crore to reach Rs. 1,96,020.23 crore, while ITC added Rs. 4,421.88 crore to touch Rs. 2,83,518.18 crore.
ICICI Bank’s market valuation rose by Rs. 1,943.15 crore at Rs. 1,81,069.22 crore, TCS (Rs. 1,733.47 crore at Rs. 5,10,415.13 crore) and HDFC Bank (Rs. 1,677.83 crore at Rs. 2,06,458.39 crore).
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at number position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 34.34 points to close at 27,061.04.
RELATED NEWS

MFs plan more equity-oriented funds to cash in on market rallyThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

6 good reasons why you should save to buy the new Apple iPhonesShah asks party workers to make Maharashtra BJP-yukt, ignores Sena
Hours after he asked Shiv Sena to walk two steps forward, BJP president Amit Shah chose to ignore alliance partner in his address and instead appealed workers to work hard and ensure party’s victory, an indication of strained ties with Shiv Sena over seat sharing.
HT Exclusive
Fixing health, education will help India achieve high growth rate: Bill Gates
Having stepped down as chariman of Microsoft, world's richest man Bill Gates now spends his time trying to save people from preventable death. In an exclusive interview to HT, Gates speaks about the things that excite him and the optimism that keeps him going.

