Ultracab (India) LtdThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Jumping red light Get slapped with 15 000 fine under proposed traffic lawComments
Soon, motorists caught speeding, driving drunk or jumping red lights may not get away with a light fine and a few stern words from the traffic cop.
The punishment would get harsher as the gravity of the offence increases — a Rs. 3-lakh fine and not less than seven years in jail for causing the death of a child; Rs. 5 lakh in penalty and three months in jail for a manufacturing fault in a vehicle; a Rs. 1-lakh fine for driving an unregistered vehicle.
All these and more are part of the new draft Road Transport and Safety Bill, 2014 unveiled by the road transport ministry on Saturday. The ministry has proposed hiking penalties three-to-50-fold  and other stringent action that includes suspension or cancellation of driving licence.
In the draft bill, speeding invites a fine of Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 12,500 — up from the existing Rs. 400-1,000 — and suspension of licence for up to eight weeks depending on how much you have exceeded the speed limit. For instance, the steepest fine is for going 40kmph over the speed limit.
Driving under the influence comes with a fine of Rs. 15,000 (currently Rs. 3,000) and a jail term of up to a year. But a second offence will lead to permanent loss of licence and up to two years in jail. The penalty is especially harsh for school bus drivers — Rs. 50,000 in fine and a three-year jail sentence.
Along with the fines and jail terms, drivers below 25 years stand to lose their licence for three months.
The punishment for jumping a red light is Rs. 5,000-15,000 in fine and one-month licence suspension. Similarly, you pay Rs. 5,000 for not wearing a seat belt.
India has one of the highest road fatalities in the world with 137,576 deaths reported last year. In the same period, Delhi recorded 7,566 accidents that killed 1,820 people. The bill aims to bring down such fatalities by 200,000 in the first five years and increase GDP by 4%.
Apart from the fines and imprisonment, motorists will be awarded penalty points for every traffic violation. Collecting 12 penalty points means losing your driving licence for a year.
The draft includes several new features in keeping with the times — fines for manufacturing faults, for instance, come in the wake of incidents of cars catching fire and vehicle recalls by auto firms.
“The bill, after it is cleared by cabinet, will be tabled in Parliament during the winter session. The proposed changes were long due as the last time the Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 was amended was in 2001, and since then many provisions related to offences and penalty have ceased to have any punitive effect,” said a ministry official.
Our new act gives emphasis on E-governance to bring in transparency in the transport sector
— Nitin Gadkari (@nitin_gadkari) September 13, 2014
A Highway Traffic Regulation and Protection Force has been proposed while a motor accident fund would be set up to provide compulsory insurance to all road users. A pan-India road accident emergency access telephone number to alert and access emergency services is also in the works.

Red carpet welcome awaits Modi inUSEncouraged by the steps taken by the Modi government in its first 100 days, the Obama Administration sees an India that is of great strategic significance and can act as a stabilising force in the entire Asia Pacific region.
PTI | Washington | Posted: September 14, 2014 7:56 pm
The Obama Administration is leaving no stone unturned to woo Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his maiden visit to the US which is expected to take the strategic bilateral relationship to the next level and unleash the potential of economic and trade ties.
The administration here is gearing up to give a red carpet welcome to Prime Minister Modi when he arrives in Washington on September 29 from New York where he would attend the annual General Assembly session of the United Nations.
The discussion between Modi and Obama over two days in Washington is expected to result in taking the bilateral relationship to the next level in terms of defense and strategic ties, co-operation in the field of space and counter-terrorism and unleash the potential of economic and trade ties, sources familiar with the preparations told PTI.
On September 29, Obama is likely to host Modi for a small working dinner, which is rarely accorded to a visiting foreign leader.
The maiden meeting between the two leaders on September 29 would help Obama and Modi to know each other and prepare the ground for the next day’s meeting at the White House.
Soon after his electoral victory, Obama had called Modi to congratulate him and invited him to visit Washington.
Thereafter the two leaders have not spoken over phone, but there has been an exchange of letters between the two.
Obama, who of late has been tied up on the foreign policy front over developments in the Middle East –- Syria, Iraq, Iran, Israel-Palestine and Ukraine — is looking forward to meeting Modi and exchange views on international issues of concern.
Encouraged by the steps taken by the Modi government in its first 100 days, the Obama Administration sees an India that is of great strategic significance and can act as a stabilising force in the entire Asia Pacific region.
A strong and prosperous India, US officials argue, is in the best interest of the United States.
India, US officials say, under Modi would play a key role not only in South Asia, but also in South East Asia.
In fact, India-US relationship has been identified as one of the top four priorities by both Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry this year, officials said.
Kerry and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel met Modi in New Delhi in quick succession this summer. The meetings generated excitement in the US as well.
“The two leaders will discuss a range of issues of mutual interest in order to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership. They continued…

Twitter  Facebook and email are more addictive than cigarettes and alcoholprint
The logo of social networking website Twitter. Photo: AFP / Leon Neal
Staying unplugged from the rest of the world is unimaginable, but the Jammu & Kashmir deluge has made the nightmare of being lost and going incommunicado a reality for many of us.
Also read: Jammu and Kashmir floods in 50 pics
The almost blanket week-long telecommunication and power outage in the flood-hit state has left the rest of the nation feeling equally powerless. People have gone crazy calling, messaging and mailing everyone they know in the state for news about people they know and people they don’t.
Things are no different in Jammu & Kashmir. The fact that there’s no network does not stop people from constantly trying to call, tweet, text or mail. And in areas where power is restored intermittently, the first thing people do is rush to recharge their cellphones, laptops and tablets, again knowing they couldn’t use them.
Full covergae: Flood fury hits Jammu & Kashmir
Staying unplugged leaves us powerless, and here’s why: Twitter, Facebook and email are more addictive than cigarettes and alcohol. A study of 205 people aged 18 to 85 in the German City of Wurtzburg found that sleep and sex were the two things people most long for during the day, but it was the urge to keep connected was the hardest to resist. The study found that the urge to stay on top of social media, email and work was stronger than the need to smoke or have a glass of 12-year-old single malt. The highest rates of “self-control failures” were tied to social-media platforms such as Twitter, Facebook, Google’s G+, LinkedIn and Groupon, reported researchers in Psychological Science (June 2012 ).
So compulsive is digital addiction that people prefer hurting themselves to sitting alone without their gadgets. People, especially men, hate being alone with their thoughts so much that they’d rather be in pain, reported the journal Science ( July 2014 ). In the study, two-thirds men and a quarter of women were asked to sit alone for 15 minutes and let their mind wander. They chose to administer mild electrical shocks to themselves rather than sit doing nothing. One man gave himself mild shocks 190 times in 15 minutes.
Also read: Facebook addiction can leave you lonely, depressed
Adults are more distracted by digital devices than young children, reported a study in Pediatrics . To find out how common it is for parents to use mobile devices around their children, Dr Jenny Radesky, a fellow in developmental behavioural paediatrics at Boston Medical Center in the US, surreptitiously observed 55 parents out for a meal alone with one or more children under 10 years. Most parents were found texting, swiping, scrolling or reading on their smartphone or tablet while the child fidgeted across the table.
Of the 55 parents, 40 used a cellphone during the meal, 16 used it throughout the meal. Three of them even gave a device to a child to keep the youngster occupied.
Also read: Youth and social media: Addiction metre
So strong was the smartphone/tablet pull for adults that even attempts to engage with them fell flat. In one instance, a little boy started singing ‘Jingle bells, Batman smells’ only to have his smartphone-clutching dad hush him. The boy did, but started singing again, which made his dad to look up just long enough to snap at him before going back to his phone.
Most updates and responses can wait unless, of course, your job depends on it. Checking social media and mailbox updates in social situations or more than once each waking hour is a sign of trouble. And if you reach out for your smartphone each time you wake up at night or the first thing in the morning, you seriously need to unplug your brain and slow down.
Unless it comes with the job, immediate communication is not as essential as believed. In fact, the reverse is true. Constantly switching between mails, updates and texts distracts and muddles the mind, lowering concentration and productivity.
If you want to reach digital nirvana, you’ve to start by admitting whether you have a problem. You don’t have to go quite the Alcoholics Anonymous way and say out loud, “My name is ABCD and I’m a digital addict”, but admitting it to yourself is a start.
As in quitting smoking, delaying the moment you feel an urge to check updates. Tell yourself you’ll do it in a few minutes and then gradually increase the time till you do it only at leisure. Another way to check compulsion is to use “technology breaks” every hour to read updates and then putting the gadget away to focus on work or conversation at hand.
Achieving zen in digital multitasking is not easy, but your mind needs to unplug more than you realise.

Govt to roll out Rs 2 trn infra projects this year: GadkariSep 12, 2014, 08.59 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Govt to roll out Rs 2 trn infra projects this year: Gadkari
After launching highway projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore that were stuck on account of various regulatory hurdles, the government is all set to roll out Rs 2 lakh crore worth of infrastructure projects this year, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadari said today.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Govt to roll out Rs 2 trn infra projects this year: Gadkari
After launching highway projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore that were stuck on account of various regulatory hurdles, the government is all set to roll out Rs 2 lakh crore worth of infrastructure projects this year, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadari said today.
Post your opinion here
 
After launching highway projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore that were stuck on account of various regulatory hurdles, the government is all set to roll out Rs 2 lakh crore worth of infrastructure projects this year, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadari said today.
"We have cleared bottlenecks. It is easy to construct express highways but difficult to get environment clearance. However, we are removing hurdles. We have cleared projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore. Now this year we will launch projects worth Rs 2 lakh crore," Gadkari said addressing the annual convention of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers here.
Gadkari said his Ministry was also looking to build two lakh Km of roads under public-private-partnership (PPP) mode which includes widening of existing one lakh km of highways.
"We are fast-tracking the decision making and weeding out corruption and red-tapism from government functioning besides introducing innovation," he said.
There is no dearth of money to fund the projects and the Ministry if need be can garner more funds through securitisation of toll revenue which amounted to about Rs 1.8 lakh crore in 15 years besides raising funds through infrastructure bonds worth Rs 10,000 crore.
A number of steps, he said, have been initiated to bring in wide reforms in the highways sector including launch of 350 electronic toll plazas by December and building amenities for drivers and commuters on every 50 km stretch for which bids have already been floated for consultancy and design of 270 such facilities.
He said the draft for the new Motor Vehicles legislation expected to be passed in the upcoming Winter Session will be launched on Website by tomorrow seeking suggestions from stakeholders.
"The present Motor Vehicles Act has turned obsolete and the new draft has been prepared incorporating the best practises in six advanced nations - US, Japan, Germany, UK, Singapore and Australia," he said.
He also appealed to SIAM on the need for introducing ethanol-friendly engines to cut on the huge Rs 6 lakh crore annual bills on import of crude in the country to which SIAM leaders expressed concern and said "there was not enough ethanol available at present."
Gadkari said government was also focusing on boosting waterways for transportation of cargo and planned introducing sea-planes, airport-like terminals on Ganga besides shipment of cargo through waterway which was much cost-friendly.
Also, a new policy for shipbuilding was on the anvil besides promotion of cruise shipping including that of the Kochi to Andaman & Nicobar Islands.
RELATED NEWS

How not to reinvent the wheelUpdated: September 13, 2014 00:45 IST
How not to reinvent the wheel
international relations
The declaration by Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapaksa in an interview to The Hindu that he is prepared to talk to Tamil political parties on a meaningful process of devolution is a welcome step forward. After the Sri Lankan military’s defeat of the LTTE, it was expected that the political aspects of reconciliation between the majority Sinhalese and the minority Tamils would be easy to settle. A framework for devolution has existed since 1987 under the 13th Amendment to the Sri Lankan Constitution. Yet post-war, the political question has been as difficult to resolve as the human rights issues that have since surfaced. For one, as reiterated by President Rajapaksa in the interview, the government refuses to share police powers with the province, even though these are provided for by the Constitution. Powers over land have been another bone of contention, with the Sri Lankan Supreme Court ruling last year that they are vested in the central government, and not the province. Tamil parties have understandably felt that a Parliamentary Select Committee (PSC) in which the ruling coalition has overwhelming representation will end up diluting the 13th Amendment further. The main Opposition parties have boycotted it. This is why the Tamil National Alliance, which is the main Tamil political grouping, has stayed away from it. What it wants as a precondition for joining the PSC is a commitment from the government that the 13th Amendment will be the starting point for deliberations, which will also take into account the recommendations of previous government-appointed committees on the Tamil political question.
The issue has been further hobbled by the looming military presence in the Tamil-dominated North. The Governor of the province, in whom much authority is vested, is a former Army General, hardly the kind of figure to inspire trust in a post-conflict situation. As well, the Tamil demand for “maximum devolution” without being specific on its idea of a lasting solution is problematic, especially as some TNA constituents are of the view that the 13th Amendment should be scratched as it is too limited in scope. What is required to break out of the impasse is an honest commitment from both sides to the possibilities for maximum power-sharing within a united Sri Lanka. What is needed equally is an unequivocal commitment by the Rajapaksa government that it is prepared to conduct a fair and credible internal enquiry against those in the military responsible for the alleged war crimes, including disappearances. An international inquiry will be definitely intrusive, but thus far the measures taken by the Sri Lankan government seem aimed more at window-dressing for the international community than at providing the healing touch.

Debate: Is RBI wining the inflation fightLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Debate: Is RBI wining the inflation fight?
CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh talks to Dr Pranob Sen, Chairman of the National Statistical Commission, Chetan Ahya MD & Chief Economist Asia Pacific at Morgan Stanley and A Prasanna, Chief Economist at ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Unit to find out their views on whether, even at 7.8 percent, the inflation battle is largely won.
Post your opinion here
Indianomics
The optimism over a growth revival has received double jolt — inflation remains stubborn and growth is barely crawling.
Retail inflation in August slowed only marginally to 7.8 percent against 7.96 percent in July. Vegetable prices are the main culprit once again. Vegetable inflation has remained high at 15.5 percent in August against 16.8 percent in July. As a result food prices remain elevated at 9.16 percent. However, thanks to the government offloading its food grains, cereal inflation remains steady at 7.39 percent in August.
But all is not lost; core inflation has eased considerably even dropping below 7 percent compared to 7.4 percent in July. What about growth? India's factories are still not out of the woods. Industrial production in July slowed to its lowest level in 4 months, barely clocking any growth - coming at a mere 0.5 percent.
Manufacturing growth contracted by a percent and capital goods growth shrunk by nearly 4 percent. The fall in core inflation is a sign of weakening demand and that is reflected in the 21 percent contraction suffered by consumer durables.
All in all, the room for the central bank to ease rates to spur growth looks almost negligible in the near future as inflation fight is far from over.
CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh talks to Dr Pranob Sen, Chairman of the National Statistical Commission, Chetan Ahya MD & Chief Economist Asia Pacific at Morgan Stanley and A Prasanna, Chief Economist at ICICI Securities Primary Dealership Unit to find out their views on whether even at 7.8 percent the inflation battle is largely won.
Below is a verbatim transcript of the discussion on the channel
Q: I am presenting some data to you. I want to point out that vegetable inflation in July this year and July last year were equally at 16.8 percent or 16.5 percent. However if you look at the trajectory of vegetable inflation this year from 16 percent it has fallen to 15.5 percent in August and last year it actually went up to 26 percent in August and then 35 percent, 45 percent, 61 percent and 38 percent in the remaining six months of the year. Basically shooting up, this despite a fairly good monsoon last year. Likewise let me compare cereal inflation. Cereal inflation was a mighty 16.3 percent in last July, this July it is already just 7.5 percent. August as well it has fallen actually to 7.3 percent but last August cereal inflation shot up to 14 percent and then remained elevated at 12 percent from September to December 2013. So, cereal inflation was not controlled despite a very good kharif last year. As a result food inflation which started off at 11.2 percent in July last year peaked at 14.7 percent in November before receding somewhat to 12 percent in December. Fortunately this time even in July we are at 9 percent and in August we remain at 9 percent. With this data are you getting a sense that food inflation is a far smaller problem this year?
Sen: You can't quite say that yet. What last years data is showing is the damage that a high Minimum Support Price(MSP)can do because it not only pushes up cereal inflation but much worse it actually diverts land away non-cereal food crops to cereals which is what causes the pressure on vegetables.
This year the monsoon has been worse but the monsoon hasn’t been as bad, it has been delayed and it has made up a lot of ground towards the latter part of the season. We also have a situation where the MSP has not been increased very dramatically. So, what we can hope for, one can't say that one really expects it as yet because the data isn’t in, but what one can hope for is that the late sowing will have a depressive effect on cereal production. So, we are not going to have a lot of land going under cereals and hopefully some of that land will go into vegetable production and will ease the problems at the vegetable front. So, we are not going to hopefully see the kind of accelerating inflation we saw in vegetables last year.
Q: Do you think that cereal inflation may not remain at just 7 percent. Do you fear that it can still rise as we get to the delayed effects of a lower output compared to last year?
Sen: Not necessarily. The government has made a very clear statement that they are willing to offload up to 15 million tonne of food grains. If they actually keep to that promise cereal inflation can actually be brought down to sub 6 percent.
Q: You have been speaking to a lot of economists and policy makers in Delhi as well. What is the sense you are getting, has the government been more active in offloading grains so that despite a poor monsoon there has not been a huge effect of vegetable prices on cereal inflation, do you think we are in a much better position than last year despite the weather not being very kind?
Prasanna: Yes the government has been more proactive in releasing food grains or rather in announcing that they will release food grains. I think they have been pretty consistent on that score. So, that has definitely helped manage expectations. However as far as vegetable inflation is concerned you should remember that last year we had a severe shock in the onion crop, so that was perhaps a one off last year. To that extent we may not see a recurrence of that this year, I think definitely we are going to see much lower inflation.
Q: Didn’t we almost see a tomato shock?
Prasanna: Yes but that wasn’t as widespread or it did not last long enough. Onion shock last year lasted long enough. This year again there are rumblings that potato and onion prices are going up again. So, we have to wait and watch on that.
Q: So, you are saying you won't call victory on vegetable or do you want to at least concede that despite a bad monsoon we have some how ensured that vegetable inflation doesn’t become a generalized cereal and all food inflation?
Prasanna: What I am trying to say is the situation is definitely better than last year. So, if you want to call that a victory it is a victory but it is not a man made victory. I think we have just been lucky that’s all.
Q: We have been lucky that it is not a terrible vegetable inflation?
Prasanna: That is right.
Q: How much credit would you give the management? I want to know if any of you are giving credit to the government for ensuring that the vegetable inflation doesn’t become a food inflation because more from the governments buffer stock have been offloaded. Is that the impression you are getting?
Ahya: I would take a slightly bigger picture story on inflation because it is not just food but also core inflation is low.
Q: I want to keep the overall global commodity and fuel inflation fall to the next question. I just want you to ponder on whether the government has managed the vegetable inflation better and not allowed it to pour over to a general food inflation?
Ahya: There are two key causes for food inflation to be high. One is the MSP prices have been kept low. Second is the under appreciated point on rural wages. If we compute on a implied basis rural wages inflation has probably gone down to around 11-12 percent year on year now. We have a data series break so it is a bit of a guestimate on the basis of the new series combined with the old one and that has come down to. So, the input costs for food production has also been systematically going down. We are not inflating demand for food by giving compensation to rural workers without getting any output against that. So, that is also systematically helping bring down food inflation. So, I would say both these factors are playing on it. We have been lucky that the weather problem really didn't get out of control and so that is the third factor probably I would list as the one which is helping food inflation to be less painful than what we had seen last year.
Q: Would you agree that vegetable inflation in the first place was never so bad. So, it is not really a government victory? Secondly are rural wages genuinely lower? Do you think MSP plus rural wages and offloading of Food Corporation stocks or buffer stocks have together actually controlled what could have been as bad a problem as last year?
Sen: As far as rural wages are concerned they have been trending down for a while now. So, that trend is continuing. However on the positive side the rural wage inflation continues to ensure that rural real wages are growing, they are not actually shrinking which is a good thing for the demand side.
The real issue that we need to keep our eyes on is that as far as the consumer price index is concerned the market prices of food grains accounts for about 75 percent of the total food grains weight. So, it is the market price for food grain and not the PDS price that matters. As far as the market price is concerned the government has to reiterate its stand that it will intervene and make sure that cereal inflation does not go up. I think that credibility does exists at the moment.
Q: Have they been offloading more than they did last year?
Sen: They haven’t offloaded very much, they have just made announcement that when necessary they shall. At the moment cereal inflation is not at an alarming level.
Q: Do you think food inflation can still rise from 9 percent and towards 10 percent like it did last year, go from 11 percent to 14 percent when it peaked in November. If not 14 percent is the trajectory still likely to be higher in food?
Prasanna: Not necessarily. I think what we are going to see is the trajectory is actually going to be lower. Vegetable prices seem to have peaked. So, if that situation holds and then in November you have this base effect quite favourable, so food inflation could drop quite significantly from here.
Ahya: We expect food inflation to continue to decelerate. I am sort of boldly making the call that 12 months hence you would realize that food inflation has got completely in control because despite all the government officials denying I think rural wages is the invisible hand which will control food inflation going forward as well.
Q: Your trajectory for food inflation 6 months or 12 months down?
Sen: The base effect is important. Next three months I would say certainly would trend down quite strongly. After that it becomes a little bit more of a question mark, whether it will continue to trend down or it will kind of stabilize somewhere at around 6.5 percent range.
Q: The other trigger for inflation as all economists have been saying has been the fisc. Do you think it is a very well managed this time probably because of global crude prices also helping but from that end are we going to get some help in terms of lower aggregate demand or lower fiscal push towards inflation?
Prasanna: That is true but we also should remember that over the last two years also even without too much of help from the global factors we managed to keep the fiscal deficit on target although probably the way it was done was not a pretty way. However I think this year yes couple of factors are going to help. One is the crude prices being lower which means the subsidy burden should be lower. Also disinvestment is going to get a big push this year thanks to how the market has behaved and also because this government is more committed to disinvestment. So, both these factors should definitely help on the fiscal side.
Q: There was an economist in my show making the point that actually the government has cut its expenditure considerably. Are you noticing any such trend in the first four months of the fisc?
Prasanna: There were couple of factors. One is earlier we had this Vote on Account then the spending kind of got constrained till the full Budget could get passed. Also this year the way the planned expenditure is allocated, it is first routed through the states, so there could be some lag in that. So, I don’t think that too much should be read into that.
Q: I want to get the global factor in. Crude obviously below USD 100 per barrel and we are given to understand by several experts that it might if anything trend towards USD 90, not much upside seen given the shale gas availability and overall demand stagnation in big economies. As well other commodities, coal, iron ore, are you getting a sense that the world commodity scene is going to help us a lot including global food prices in helping our inflation lower?
Ahya: The fact that China's investment demand continues to slow and they are 50-60 percent of the global commodities demand that is helping to keep commodity prices under check. This trend has been under way for some time but unfortunately because we had a large rupee depreciation in terms of its transmission effect to the domestic inflation it has been delayed. However now that the currency has been stable the effect is coming through in the rupee terms in commodity prices within the domestic market as well.
Q: You were speaking about core inflation, could you elaborate? Where do you see it trended, what has brought it down?
Ahya: We think there are lots of factors which are under play. The first one is the fact that the government has cut expenditure to GDP by almost 2.5 percentage points since the peak that we had seen when fiscal deficit was 10 percent. Second one is rural wages which were averaging around 18 percent between 2009 and 2013 have now slipped to about 11-12 percent. In the last 6 months itself rural wages seem to have slipped even more from 16-17 percent to this 11-12 percent number. So, we have seen a much faster declaration in the last 6 months. So, that is helping too.
Third is global commodity prices which you highlighted as well. Fourth is that we have seen compression in domestic demand. It is not as if domestic demand is very strong. So, all these factors are helping to ensure that you have food inflation as well as non-food inflation gradually decelerating. It has just been unfortunate that we had this weather problem again this year. If we didn’t have this weather problem then we would had really seen a much faster deceleration of inflation. April and May I would urge you to look at those two months data points. Core inflation was decelerating faster then as well as it was a broad based deceleration in inflation. So, we are very optimistic that headline inflation will be reaching 6 percent range somewhere in the second half, certainly in Q4 of 2015 well ahead of RBIs target of 6 percent in January 2016.
Q: Do you share that optimism?
Sen: Up to a point. Much depends on what happens to core inflation. My sense is that as far as food inflation is concerned given the structural rigidities that we have it is not going to come down below 7 percent. May be somewhere in the 7-8 percent range which essentially means that the core has to come down to somewhere sub 4 percent for you to get that 6 percent target.
Q: What would your thoughts be both on core and overall inflation? Would you share Chetan's optimism?
Prasanna: On core inflation we have also been forecasting that it will trend lower. I think it will come down further and probably by next year it should print at 6 percent or slightly lower than 6 percent also. What has also helped is in India because of the way the index is constructed I think petrol and diesel prices are part of core CPI. So, this crude fall should help that further. That apart this is a lagged effect of slowdown which we have been having in the economy and that is why we are seeing core inflation falling.
However as far as overall inflation is concerned I would agree with what Dr Sen is saying. I think structurally we have not seen any improvement on the food inflation front. The government has not done anything. What it is trying to do is just to contain. We are not seeing any structural changes happening and unless and until that happens I think sustainability of lower food inflation is questionable. So, I wouldn’t get too optimistic that even if we hit 6 percent on headline level say some time next year whether that will be sustainable I think that still remains a question mark.
Q: What do you expect by way of RBI action? You are seeing a rate hike at all, I think that at least has to be ruled out from what you three gentlemen are telling me?
Prasanna: We also don’t have a view of a rate hike in any case even before this data. We always expected core inflation to trend down. We do think that overall inflation will be slightly below 8 percent by 2015 calendar Q1.
As far as the 6 percent target is concerned we still see some upside risks. However we think RBI would be prepared to wait and wait for the government to take more steps. So, they are not going to rush in to hiking rates at any point of time. So, we think we are still going to see a prolonged pause. So, for the next 12 months we don’t see any movement in interest rates.
Q: So, a likely next action is a cut and that will perhaps September next year?
Prasanna: Yes basically last quarter of next calendar year.
Ahya: We are expecting one symbolic rate cut in Q2 of calendar 2015 which is April to June quarter. We think that there will be a good amount of confirmation that the governor will be able to have in terms of hitting 6 percent inflation by that time. He had mentioned in a media interview that we don’t need to actually be at 6 percent, as long as we can comfortably see that he would be obliging with a rate cut.
I think the big picture story is 25 basis points is just a symbolic rate cut because we need to build real rates. The Fed rate hike expectations will also build up at the same time. So, the more important message would be no rate hike and more stability in interest rates.
Q: What are you expecting as the next RBI action and when?
Sen: I expect RBI to be in a pause mode. I am not quite as sanguine that there will be even a symbolic rate cut next year because if you think about the glide path we can confidently expect sub-8 percent by the target date next year. However, that 8-6 percent is going to be a lot choppier than people expect. So, the RBI is going to have to play it fairly carefully in terms of what they do with the rates.
RELATED NEWS

JPMorgan hackers accessed servers but stole no moneySep 13, 2014, 04.12 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
JPMorgan hackers accessed servers but stole no money
“We are confident we have closed any known access points and prevented any future access in the same way," the paper quoted JPMorgan spokeswoman Kristin Lemkau as saying.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
JPMorgan hackers accessed servers but stole no money
“We are confident we have closed any known access points and prevented any future access in the same way," the paper quoted JPMorgan spokeswoman Kristin Lemkau as saying.
Post your opinion here
 
Hackers accessed dozens of servers at JPMorgan Chase & Co in a cyberattack launched in June, though no money was taken, the New York Times reported on Friday, citing people familiar with the investigation into the case.
“We are confident we have closed any known access points and prevented any future access in the same way," the paper quoted JPMorgan spokeswoman Kristin Lemkau as saying.
She added that the bank had “not seen any unusual fraud activity” since the intrusion was discovered and said there was no evidence that they have taken any proprietary software or had a blueprint of the bank’s network, according to the Times.
JPMorgan disclosed late last month that it had been the victim of a cyberattack and was working with US law enforcement authorities to determine its scope.
The Times said the attack began in June, was detected in July and that the bank last week briefed financial regulators on the extent of the damage.
The report said that hackers accessed information on about 1 million customer accounts. It cited one source as saying that hackers had not gained access to financial information or Social Security numbers, and may have only been able to review names, addresses and phone numbers.
Bank spokeswoman Trish Wexler told Reuters she could not elaborate on Lemkau's statements to the paper or otherwise comment on the report.
RELATED NEWS

Overdrive reviews KTM RC 390Sep 13, 2014, 03.27 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Overdrive reviews KTM RC 390
Overdrive's Shubhabrata Marmar flew all the way to Modena, Itlay to take the first ride of the KTM RC 390. Here’s his review on the bike.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Overdrive reviews KTM RC 390
Overdrive's Shubhabrata Marmar flew all the way to Modena, Itlay to take the first ride of the KTM RC 390. Here’s his review on the bike.
Post your opinion here

Will new BMW 7 series outrun 3 of its toughest rivalsSep 13, 2014, 05.09 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Will new BMW 7 series outrun 3 of its toughest rivals?
Overdrive's Jamshed Patel tests if the BMW 7 series outshines three of its toughest rivals – Jaguar XJ L, Audi A8 L and the Mercedes Benz S-class.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Will new BMW 7 series outrun 3 of its toughest rivals?
Overdrive's Jamshed Patel tests if the BMW 7 series outshines three of its toughest rivals – Jaguar XJ L, Audi A8 L and the Mercedes Benz S-class.
Post your opinion here

Get medical X-rays printed on plain paper  courtesy Ricoh IndiaMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Ancient flying reptile named after  Avatar  creatureUpdated: September 13, 2014 09:15 IST
Ancient flying reptile named after 'Avatar' creature
Reuters
Reuters This Cretaceous Period pterosaur boasted an unusual blade-like crest on its lower jaw like the one on the movie creatures.
TOPICS
research
It turns out that an animal very similar to those 'Avatar' creatures, called Ikran, actually did exist here on Earth long ago.
Scientists announced the discovery of fossils in China of a new species of flying reptile called a pterosaur that lived 120 millions years ago and so closely resembled the creatures from the 2009 film that they named it after them.
It is called Ikrandraci avatar, meaning 'Ikran dragon' from 'Avatar' And this pterosaur is noteworthy for more than just its resemblance to a movie creature.
The scientists said it appears that Ikrandraci avatar had a throat pouch similar to that of a pelican. It probably fed on small fishes from freshwater lakes, flying low over the water and catching prey by skimming its lower jaw into the water, they said. It may have stored the fish in the pouch, they added.
This Cretaceous Period pterosaur boasted an unusual blade-like crest on its lower jaw like the one on the movie creatures.
"The head structure is similar in this pterosaur to the Ikran in 'Avatar'," said one of the researchers, paleontologist Xiaolin Wang of the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology, Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing.
"Of course, nobody and nothing can ride this pterosaur," Wang added.
Another of the researchers, paleontologist Alexander Kellner of Brazil's National Museum at the Federal University of Rio de Janeiro, joked: "Please, (there were) no blue hominids during the Cretaceous."
Ikrandraci avatar, whose fossils were unearthed in China's Liaoning province, boasted a wingspan of about 8 feet (2.5 meters), Kellner said.
It did not have a crest on the top of its elongated head as many pterosaurs did. Behind the lower jaw crest was a hook-like structure that appears to have been the anchor point for the throat pouch, Kellner said. It had relatively small teeth good for snaring small fish.
It lived in a warm region teeming with life, with feathered dinosaurs, birds, mammals, frogs, turtles and other animals along with a variety of trees and other plants, Wang said.
The researchers studied fossils of two specimens of Ikrandraci avatar.
Pterosaurs were Earth's first flying vertebrates, with birds and bats making their appearances later. They thrived from about 220 million years ago to 65 million years ago, when they were wiped out by the asteroid that also doomed the dinosaurs.
The study was published in the journal Scientific Reports.

Employees generate ideas worth $500 mn: HCL ...Employees
(India's fourth largest…)
NEW DELHI: India's fourth largest IT firm HCL Technologies is now focussing on "ideapreneurship" to encourage employees to come up with innovative solutions to customers' business challenges.
Under the initiative, the Noida-based firm has generated over 32,000 innovative ideas since 2008 to deliver approximately USD 500 million of value to customers.
"It is a platform where our employees can share, collaborate and shape ideas in a structured manner to deliver value to our customers. It is at the heart of grassroots' ideas led revolution we are experiencing," HCL Technologies Chief Human Resources Officer Prithvi Shergill told PTI.
This culture is a key enabler of the company's strategy, he added.
"In a growth-constrained, post-recession world where many traditional sources of advantage are not as relevant, the best investment to succeed is the power of ideas," he said.
In 2005, HCL Technologies had introduced a new management model -- Employees First, Customers Second (EFCS) -- aimed at making managers as accountable to employees as employees were to their bosses and transfer responsibility for change and value creation to front-line employees.
HCL acknowledges that putting the Employee First and engaging and empowering remains vital in today's environment, Shergill added.
"The ideas we see emerging could be something that helps solve a business problem, brings in a new way of doing business, or helps create competitive differentiation, it can be anything that adds value to the client," he said.
Shergill added that by channelising the energies of 95,000 employees, innovation is happening across teams.
"By giving them the right tools, and creating the right environment, HCL is enabling employees to collaborate, communicate and create value freely across teams and across boundaries," Shergill said.
He said the EFCS management model continues to attract the attention of academics (with Harvard Business School doing a case study) as well as analysts who continue to highlight the customer benefits emerging given the adoption of the tenets of this model.
"HCL is working with Cornell University to further enhance the yield of the ideas as they see this delivering to the promise they make to client of building 'relationships beyond the contract'," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIC investment in equity market to cross Rs 55 000 cr in FY15Press Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 11:25 AM IST
LIC investment in equity market to cross Rs 55,000 cr in FY15
Country's largest insurer LIC has lined up over Rs 55,000 crore for investment in the equity market in the current fiscal, a part of which will be used for picking up stakes in PSUs during the disinvestment process.  "We will invest a total of Rs 55,000 crore or even more in the equity market in the current fiscal," LIC Chairman S K Roy told PTI.  Asked how much LIC has been earmarked for the upcoming disinvestment, Roy said that Rs 55,000 crore "covers all" type of investments.  LIC had picked
Country's largest insurer LIC has lined up over Rs 55,000 crore for investment in the equity market in the current fiscal, a part of which will be used for picking up stakes in PSUs during the disinvestment process.
"We will invest a total of Rs 55,000 crore or even more in the equity market in the current fiscal," LIC Chairman S K Roy told PTI.
Asked how much LIC has been earmarked for the upcoming disinvestment, Roy said that Rs 55,000 crore "covers all" type of investments.
LIC had picked up stocks worth Rs 51,000 crore last fiscal and investments were made across sectors.
The public sector insurer has been a key investor in the disinvestment programme of the government.
The government recently gave go ahead to disinvestment of its part stakes in ONGC, CIL and NHPC, which together may earn Rs 43,000 crore to the exchequer. It is also planning to sell 5 per cent stake in SAIL and 10 per cent each in RINL and HAL in the current fiscal.
Roy also informed LIC investment in the bond market may touch Rs 2.5 lakh crore in the fiscal ending March 2015.
In the current fiscal, the life insurer has raised its stakes in many public sector banks including United Bank of India, Central Bank of India and Bank of Maharashtra by picking up preferential shares.
Some more banks would make preferential allotment to LIC during course of the year.
During the first quarter ended June, 2014-15 fiscal, LIC earned a total premium of Rs 14,016 crore, lower than Rs 14,295 crore in the year-ago period.
LIC with 75 per cent market share collected Rs 41,441 crore from individual premiums and Rs 48,682 crore in group premiums, aggregating to a total of Rs 90,124 crore.
 Advertisements

General insurance wage talks tomorrow  many ready to join NPSPress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 11:20 AM IST
General insurance wage talks tomorrow, many ready to join NPS
Ahead of the second round of wage negotiations beginning tomorrow in New Delhi, state-owned general insurers have written to the government expressing the readiness of a section of their employees to join the new pension scheme which they had rejected twice in the past.  "We have written to the government on the NPS issue, and sought its approval," New India Assurance Chairman-cum Managing Director G Srinivasan, who is also the Chairman of the General Insurance (Public Sector) Association (GIPSA
Ahead of the second round of wage negotiations beginning tomorrow in New Delhi, state-owned general insurers have written to the government expressing the readiness of a section of their employees to join the new pension scheme which they had rejected twice in the past.
"We have written to the government on the NPS issue, and sought its approval," New India Assurance Chairman-cum Managing Director G Srinivasan, who is also the Chairman of the General Insurance (Public Sector) Association (GIPSA), which is holding the wage talks, told PTI.
The four public sector non-life insurers have around 70,000 employees, of which around 50,000 had already moved on to the New Pension Scheme (NPS).
Around 20,000 employees, working at the four state-owned general insurance firms, will be benefited in case the third option of pension is offered to them as they did not opt for it when the second pension scheme was offered to them falling in line with the banking industry in 2008, he said.
The Monday's wage negotiations will be the second round on the issue, as the first round had already taken place earlier during the year.
All the heads of the four state-owned general insurance companies are likely to attend the meeting which will be held by the GIPSA.
The unions are seeking a hefty 40% hike in net salary and if allowed it will benefit 70,000 employees.
"Majority employees of PSU general insurance firms had not opted for it when the option for pension was offered to them for two times in past as the interest rate on deposit was comparatively high with the banks those days," Bharatiya Veema Karamachari Sena (BVKS) general secretary Prasad Samant said.
"In fact, when the new pension option was offered to us for the second time, we were not given enough time to give our consent and hence a majority of us opted out and hence we want it now," BVKS working president Amrish Sinha said.
 Advertisements

J&K Bank wants hefty premium for selling its 5% stake in PNB MetLifeSomasroy Chakraborty & M Saraswathy |  Kolkata / Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
J&K Bank wants hefty premium to sell its 5% stake in PNB MetLife
Was earlier exploring opportunities to sell its shares in the insurance joint venture for around Rs 700 cr
Jammu and Kashmir Bank (J&K Bank) wants a hefty premium for selling its entire five per cent stake in PNB MetLife India Insurance Company. The lender was earlier exploring opportunities to sell its shares in the insurance joint venture for about Rs 700 crore.
“The old valuation is no longer valid. The price has to be much, much higher for us to sell our stake. We have started the process (of identifying buyers). But we are not going to do it in a hurry. We are not desperate to sell our stake,” Mushtaq Ahmad, chairman and CEO of J&K Bank, told Business Standard.
The insurance company is a joint venture between US-based MetLife International Holdings, Punjab National Bank (PNB), J&K Bank, M Pallonji and Company, and other investors. PNB and MetLife International own maximum shares in the company with 30 per cent and 26 per cent stake, respectively.
Ahmad did not offer details on the price at which the bank was willing to sell its shares in the insurance venture. “We will wait for the right price,” he said, adding that a higher valuation was justified as the company’s performance has improved.
For the quarter ended June 30, 2014, PNB MetLife had collected new business premiums of Rs 137.07 crore, compared to Rs 134.20 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year. The insurance company reported a net profit of Rs 192 crore in 2013-14 (April-March), compared to Rs 108 crore a year earlier.
PNB MetLife was earlier known as MetLife India Insurance Company. It was renamed after PNB acquired a stake in the insurance venture from its existing shareholders. J&K Bank had trimmed its stake in the company from 11.26 per cent to five per cent when it sold some of its shares to MetLife. The bank had then raised Rs 190 crore by selling 52 million shares at Rs 36.50 a piece.
It was not immediately known if PNB was willing to increase its stake in the company further by buying J&K Bank’s remaining five per cent stake. MetLife International will not be allowed to buy these shares as current rules prevent foreign insurers from owning more than 26 per cent stake in insurance ventures in India.
Also, J&K Bank along with PNB and Karnataka Bank are bancassurance partners of PNB MetLife. The three lenders market the insurer’s products through their bank branches.
PNB MetLife maintained that even if J&K Bank sells its stake in the company, it would not affect its bancassurance partnership. “In view of the current calamity in Jammu and Kashmir, we are setting up claim camps to ensure all J&K Bank customers who had a PNB MetLife policy get easy access to claim settlement. Any decision on stake sale is a board call and does not impact our bancassurance arrangement,” said Tarun Chugh, managing director and CEO of PNB MetLife.
 Advertisements

70% employers to expand; mid-level talent i...fmcg
(Companies are also implementing…)
MUMBAI: The country is likely to see high growth in the job market as 70 per cent employers plan to expand their team, a recent survey said.
"India's business market is currently primed for expansion, with the recruitment market being driven by significant industry sectors such as FMCG , retail , healthcare , manufacturing and real estate. About 70 per cent of employers surveyed plan to expand their team," Michael Page's 'India Salary & Employment Forecast' for 2014-15 said.
In addition, many employers seek highly competent professionals at the mid to senior management level, with 45 per cent of surveyed employers indicating that mid-level professionals will be in highest demand in the coming year, the survey report said.
Companies are realising the value of developing employee skills and offering internal career opportunities, as senior level executives and human resources teams recognise the importance of retention strategies, the report said.
"Managing turnover will continue to provide a major challenge for employers in the next 12 months, with 51 per cent of surveyed employers expecting staff to leave their business in the coming year," it said.
Companies are also implementing full-fledged diversity programmes to ensure equal opportunity for candidates irrespective of their background or gender.
In the past few years, employers made strong a headway when it comes to corporate responsibility, including implementing diversity policies to provide equal opportunity to candidates from all backgrounds and genders. About 79 per cent of employers surveyed indicate that women in their organisation are provided equal opportunity to progress to executive level roles as men, the survey report said.
In terms of hiring strategies, 68 per cent of employers invest in digital assets to attract new candidates to the recruitment process, the survey said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Samsung seeks state probe of LG executives for vandalismMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Industrial projects to get security clearance within 12 weeksMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

They are not Muslims  they are monsters: David Cameron on ISISbeheadingBritain's Prime Minister, David Cameron, makes a statement to the media on the killing of British aid worker David Haines in Downing Street, central London, Sunday Sept. 14, 2014. (Source: AP)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 14, 2014 8:29 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 1:16 am
The beheading of a British aid worker by the dreaded Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) was described Sunday by Prime Minister David Cameron as an act of “pure evil” even as Britain confirmed that the video showing the gruesome killing was genuine.
The 44-year-old aid worker David Haines was seized in Syria in 2013 and was being held by ISiS militants who have already killed two US journalists.
The Foreign Office here in a statement said, “All the signs are that the video is genuine”.
The latest video showing his killing also includes a threat to kill a second British hostage, identified as Alan Henning. Cameron vowed to do everything possible to find the killers.
The emergence of the footage late Saturday night saw Cameron return to Downing Street after midnight.
He chaired a meeting of the government’s emergency committee Cobra early Sunday and issued a statement afterwards saying the killing would not change Britain’s strategy against the ISIS.
“It is an act of pure evil. My heart goes out to the family of David Haines who have shown extraordinary courage and fortitude throughout this ordeal,” he said. “We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes,” he added.
“They are not Muslims, they are monsters,” Cameron said.
He described Haines, 44, as a “British hero”, and praised the “extraordinary courage” of his family.
Haines’s family said he would be “missed terribly”.
“David was most alive and enthusiastic in his humanitarian roles. His joy and anticipation for the work he went to do in Syria is for myself and family the most important element of this whole sad affair,” his brother Mike Haines said in a statement released through the Foreign Office.
But while Cameron asserted that “we have to confront this menace”, he added that this will not involve direct British involvement in the US-led armed intervention in Iraq against the ISIS.
Britain is instead playing a supporting role to the US, providing transport and supplies.
US President Barack Obama also condemned the “barbaric murder” of Haines which in recent weeks has killed two American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff in the same manner.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Haines’s murder was “further demonstration that this particular terrorist group does not just do evil, but exults in doing evil”.
The French presidency said in statement that, “The heinous murder of David Haines shows once again how the international community must mobilise immediately against the ISIS.”
The ISIS, which seeks to establish an Islamic Caliphate across the continued…
They are not Muslims, they are monsters.

Mamata Banerjee benefited the most from Saradha scam  says BJP MPMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

CPI-M leader Benoy Konar passes awayKolkata: Benoy Konar, a front-ranking CPI(M) leader in West Bengal, died at a city nursing home today after a prolonged illness, party sources said.
He was 84.
Konar, a leading figure in the militant peasants' movement in the state during 1960s and early 1970s, is survived by his wife, two sons and two daughters. A former CPI-M central committee and state secretariat member, Konar was the party's prominent peasant leader from Burdwan district.
Konar, a leading figure in the militant peasants' movement in the state during 1960s and early 1970s, is survived by his wife, two sons and two daughters.
A former party legislator, he was elected to the West Bengal Legislative Assembly from Memari constituency in Burdwan district three times - in 1969, 1971 and 1977.
Konar was elected as chairman of the five-member CPI-M central control commission in 2012, an internal vigilance wing of the party.
But he was dropped from the state secretariat, the party's policy-making body in the same year as he had requested to be relieved of the responsibilities on health ground.
Konar had not been keeping well for the last several months.
He was known for making caustic remarks against the Trinamool Congress and its chief Mamata Banerjee which had drawn flak even from allies during Singur and Nandigram agitations.
Konar had also taken potshots against the then West Bengal Governor, Gopalkrishna Gandhi, after the Nadigram killing in 2007.
Taking exception to Gandhi's description of the Nandigram outrage as a "cold horror", Konar had said at a public meeting "Gandhi should come out of Raj Bhavan and carry the Trinamool flag."
He was the brother of Hare Krishna Konar, a fire brand leader of the CPI(M), who played a major role in land reforms in West Bengal.
Konar served as the national president of the CPI-M's peasants' front All-India Kisan Sabha for years and was the organisation's vice-president at the time of his death.
He was also the secretary of the state CPI(M)'s peasant wing Paschimbanga Pradeshik Krishak Sabha.

After floods  deluge of reliefcampsFlood hit people near tent at a relief camp at Sure Chak village in Jammu on Sunday. Source: PTI Photo
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 9:28 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 10:11 pm
The receding waters seem to have left the Valley divided. Even as those rescued by the Army, Indian Air Force and NDRF personnel praise their efforts, others claim that government agencies, especially the civic agencies, failed to reach them. Meanwhile, relief camps have mushroomed along the roads across the city, all with different loyalties.
Speaking to The Indian Express, Huriyat Conference chairman Mirwaiz Umar Farooq claims they are running almost 25 relief camps in Srinagar. “Local youth are doing the work voluntarily….carrying out rescue operations . They have saved thousands of lives,” he says.
Must read: I can’t remember another natural disaster where govt was so completely paralysed, say Omar Abdullah
“The local effort has been much bigger than the government effort and it is unfortunate that this has not been highlighted and appreciated at all. The minority community has chipped in — gurdwaras and temples have also been helping,” he says.
“It is very sad that this is being done with a view to project a certain group or a certain agency as saviors… That is why people have shown anger at times, when they see these helicopters coming in and throwing relief material, because they feel there should have been no politics on this,” says Mirwaiz.
Stating that the “tragedy has brought people together,” Mirwaiz says, “Every community has chipped in… the unity is tremendous. That is the strength.”
There is a long queue of people, including a policeman, outside his house in Nigeen area , all seeking help. A crying woman is given priority. She has lost her house and is seeking help to feed her family. Outside, buses with the Huriyat logo ferry people to safer areas, provide them medical aid. Some cook food for people living in the surrounding areas.
“We have shifted them (those rescued) to 25 relief camps in colleges and mosques. We are thankful to other districts like Sopore, Baramulla, Bandipora who have been sending supplies,” says Mirwaiz.
In Maisuma and its surrounding areas, Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front (JKLF) leader Yasin Malik is spearheading the rescue operations. When a group of people recovered a body in the Lal Chowk area, the government officials were missing. Malik and his men took charge and carried out the last rites.
Malik, however, refuses to comment. “Please stop this media and NGO business,” he says. In the narrow lanes of the area, JKLF volunteers cook food as people line up with empty plates.
In areas where the government rescue agencies have not been visible, there is palpable anger among the people. Alleging that the absence of rescue teams was “intentional”, Tariq Ahmed Bhatt, 35, a resident of Nai Sadak, Chandpura, says, “The Indian continued…

Mamata benefited most from Saradha scam  says BJPMPPrint
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 14, 2014 8:54 pm
Targetting West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee, BJP today alleged that she has benefited the most from the multi-crore Saradha Chit Fund scam, in which thousands of investors were allegedly duped.
“People, who have been arrested (in Saradha chit fund case) are saying that West Bengal Chief Minister benefited the most from the scam,” BJP MP from Asansol (West Bengal) Babul Supriyo told reporters here.
“Those arrested are even divulging the amount of money that Mamataji and (TMC general secretary) Mukul Roy received in this scam.”
The Saradha scam had come to light in April 2013 after the group downed shutters without repaying lakhs of investors, who had parked their hard-earned money in the group’s companies, lured by the promise of astronomically-high returns. The Supreme Court had later directed the CBI to probe the Saradha scam.
Supriyo added that the charges against Rajya Sabha member Ahmed Hassan Imran allegedly playing a key role in getting huge funds from Bangladesh-based terror outfit Jamaat-e-Islami secretly transferred across the border to help TMC win the 2011 Assembly polls, were “not merely allegations, but are facts”.
“These facts were brought out in the public domain by the media,” the singer-turned-MP said.
“Mamata didi nominated Imran for the post of Rajya Sabha member. Was she not aware of his background? (Home Minister) Rajnath Singh has rightly said that his role is being probed very seriously, and the truth will be out very soon. But Imran has no right to be a Rajya Sabha member now,” he said.
When asked about Rahul Gandhi’s role in the October 15 Maharashtra Assembly elections, Supriyo said the Congress Vice President should take a break from politics.
“One who is an original star can be a star campaigner. Rahul Gandhi has got the stardom from his family. Looking at him it seems that he is not interested in politics. So he should quit politics for a few years and divert his attention elsewhere,” he said.
According to Supriyo, the BJP is working towards uniting all the Bengalis in Maharashtra and explain to them that voting for a BJP is important “for a better future.”

Sebi chief launches Indian CrosswordLeaguePress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 14, 2014 10:06 pm
A group of enthusiasts Sunday launched the second edition of the Indian Crossword League or IXL 2014, which will involve a combination of online and offline puzzle-solving contests.
The contest, which is open for Indians across the globe, will culminate on December 21, the 101st anniversary of the crossword, and will see 10 finalists vying to become the crossword-solving champion.
U K Sinha, the chairman of capital markets regulator Sebi, launched the tournament Sunday and also unveiled the trophy which will be given to the winner.
The contest is an individual crossword-solving competition based on the round-robin format and will include 10 weekly, online rounds culminating in an offline final.
The registration for the contest has been on since August 15 and over 400 enthusiasts have already put in their names.
The tournament, conceptualised by Bihar-cadre IAS officer Vivek Kumar Singh, saw 650 people enrolling for its maiden run last year. The organisers are confident of an increase in the numbers this year.
“Crosswords provide a creative avenue for practising not only our general knowledge and language skills but also (helps) enhance our mindfulness, concentration and sharpens our focus,” said Singh.

Two high profile arrests in Odisha chit fund scamIndia, Pakistan in war of words over 26/11 mastermind Hafiz Saeed 3 hours 33 minutes ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Woman s decomposed body found in Delhi#delhi #presidential estate #decomposed body #death
New Delhi: The decomposed body of a 22-year-old woman, missing since September 10, was recovered from a wooded area just across the sprawling presidential estate, police said on Sunday.
The body was recovered on Saturday from Buddha Jayanti Park, they said, adding that the deceased was a resident of central Delhi's Anand Parbat area.
"The matter came to light when a gardener noticed some foul smell emanating from the bushes. The gardener went inside and found a decomposed body lying there," said a police official.
The body was recovered on Saturday from Buddha Jayanti Park, they said, adding that the deceased was a resident of central Delhi's Anand Parbat area.
Police said the woman's legs had been infested with worms, forcing them to believe that she must have been killed on the very day she went missing.
Police ruled out the possibility of rape but said they were waiting for the autopsy report to ascertain the exact cause of her death.
"The woman's parents had filed a missing complaint September 10 when she did not return after leaving home for work on that day," said the official.
"The woman was pursuing a computer course after completing her schooling from a government school," the official added.
The Buddha Jayanti Park had grabbed news headlines in 2003 when four members of the elite President's Bodyguard gang-raped a 17-year-old student. Since then, patrolling in the park has been intensified.

Assam: Woman cheated by lover  gangraped#assam #gangrape #woman
Rangiya (Assam): A 25-year-old woman was gangraped allegedly by a youth she trusted as her lover and seven of his friends at Hajo in Rangiya on Saturday night.
Sub-Divisional Police Officer Kanteswar Gogoi said the girl from Nalbari came to meet the boy, who had befriended her in past five months over phone, at Ramdiya Bangalpara under Hajo police station and watched a theatre.
The boy, who introduced himself as Rahul Das, was actually Fakhruddin Ali, who had offered to drop the girl home but instead took her to a school building, Gogoi said.
Sub-Divisional Police Officer Kanteswar Gogoi said the girl from Nalbari came to meet the boy, who had befriended her in past five months over phone, at Ramdiya Bangalpara under Hajo police station and watched a theatre.
He and seven of his friends, who had already assembled there, then allegedly took turns in raping the hapless woman, the SDPO said.
On hearing her screams, people from nearby villages rushed to the spot and rescued the girl and got hold of three of the accused and handed them over to the police.
The rest five, including Fakhruddin, however, managed to escape.
The trio have been identified as Alam Ali, Jaimuddin Ahmed and Hashen Ali.
Preliminary medical examination of the girl confirmed the crime. Detailed tests will be conducted tomorrow at Gauhati Medical College and Hospital, Gogoi added.

Industrialist pay Rs 8.5 lakh for fancy numberMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Apple Inc iPhone 6  iPhone 6 Plus and the Watch price in India still a conjectureApple Inc iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus and the Watch price in India still a conjecture
FE Online | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 12 2014, 14:30  IST
Sep 12 2014, 14:30  IST
 

Four years after Hero split  India is Hondas global showstopperMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Engineering our livesMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Fernando Torres ready to write new chapter for AC MilanMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Indian Super League has no $ hedgeDigbijay Mishra |  New Delhi Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:44 AM IST
Indian Super League has no $ hedge
Indian Super League football team franchisees may be stumped by having to pay their foreign players in dollars. They might have to fork out far more than they had expected for five foreign players each team can have.This was in contrast with the Indian Premier League cricket franchisees because the dollar-rupee ratio had not been capped in ISL, a franchise owner confirmed."Unlike the IPL, we have not capped the dollar against rupee. This may turn out to be a benefit at times, but also result in
Indian Super League football team franchisees may be stumped by having to pay their foreign players in dollars. They might have to fork out far more than they had expected for five foreign players each team can have.
This was in contrast with the Indian Premier League cricket franchisees because the dollar-rupee ratio had not been capped in ISL, a franchise owner confirmed.
"Unlike the IPL, we have not capped the dollar against rupee. This may turn out to be a benefit at times, but also result in shelling out extra depending on the rupee's fluctuation," said the co-owner of a ISL franchise club.
IPL player auctions used to take place in dollars until last year, when bidding was shifted to rupees. Before that, according to the IPL's governing council rules, each dollar was capped at Rs 40, regardless of exchange rate volatility.
MONEY MATTERS
Foreign players’ payout in dollars could escalate franchise cost for the team
Dollar has not been capped at any point against rupee for ISL, says a franchise co-owner  
In IPL, until last year auctions used to take place in dollar where it was capped at Rs 40
Based on the range of volatility, it could impact the foreign players’ payout by about 10 per cent
On Wednesday, the rupee lost 35 paise to close at a four-week low of 60.95 to the dollar. The rupee closed at 60.94 to a dollar on Thursday.
Exchange rate fluctuations could vary teams' payout to foreign players by about 10 per cent. The average annual franchise cost for ISL teams is about Rs 15 crore in the first edition. A volatile rupee could upset team budgets and the pay parity between Indian and foreign players. The difference would not be much though, the co-owner of the franchise added.
The average franchise cost for a team in the IPL's first edition was over Rs 36 crore, which swelled to about Rs 60 crore by the seventh edition. But in a country where cricket is considered a religion, the interest and money the ISL football tournament has drawn from investors is commendable.
Popular foreign names like Del Piero, David Trezeguet and Michael Chopra have added to the buzz around the tournament that is a month away from kick-off in Kolkata. The football league announced late last year is a joint venture between IMG-Reliance (70 per cent) and Star India (30 per cent). As co-owners of club franchises, sportsmen Sachin Tendulkar and Sourav Ganguly and Bollywood actors John Abraham and Ranbir Kapoor have added a dash of curiosity to the league promising to improve football infrastructure in India.
 Advertisements

Pro Kabaddi League inaugural run second-most viewed tournamentUrvi Malvania |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:43 AM IST
Pro Kabaddi League inaugural run second-most viewed tournament
1 out of every 4 Indian TV viewers was watching Star Sports Pro Kabaddi on finale day
The Star Sports Pro Kabaddi League (PKL) was sampled by 435 million viewers in India over its five-week run. This makes it the second-most viewed sporting tournament in the country after the annual twenty-20 tournament Indian Premier League, which in its 2014 edition was viewed by 552 million.
What is more encouraging for the sport is that the final between Ronnie Screwvala's U Mumbai and Abhishek Bachchan's Jaipur Pink Panthers had a reach of 86 million, which is almost three quarters of an average Indian Premier League (IPL) match. This year's IPL final recorded a reach of 200 million viewers. The PKL's performance outshines that of tournaments such as the FIFA World Cup, Hero Hockey India League and Wimbledon Men’s Final, which recorded a reach of 24.6 million, 10.4 million and 6.1 million, respectively.
To further put the number into perspective, one out of every four Indian TV viewers was watching Star Sports Pro Kabaddi final-day coverage between 8:00 pm and 10.30 pm on August 31.
The final also proved the scepticism shown by some quarters of the industry regarding the depth in viewership of kabaddi since it recorded television rating of 3.7 among males aged 15 years and above in the SEC (socio-economic class) A, B and C markets. This is comparable to the average ratings of an IPL match.
Reach refers to the number of people tuned into the event and viewed it for a minimum of one minute, while television viewer rating or TVR denotes the number of people watching an event at any given time during the telecast. While the former gives an idea of how well-sampled an event is, the latter gives a measure of persistence in viewing.
Uday Shankar, CEO of STAR India, says: “Kabaddi was a signal of our commitment to fostering a truly multi-sport culture in India by taking a nearly forgotten game and transforming it into a contemporary offering. The fact that it now has the overwhelming support of people brings us great pride.”
Anand Mahindra and Charu Sharma-promoted PKL also found viewers in females as 39 per cent of the viewership came from the fairer sex. Such participation by female viewers is usually seen in tournaments such as the IPL and, more recently, the FIFA World Cup which recorded 45 per cent share of women viewing in West Bengal and 33 per cent across the country. In case of kabaddi, the female viewership came as a surprise since it had never been televised until now, and is considered a predominantly male-skewed sport.
PKL was a hit on the digital medium as well. The network informs that the league recorded a whopping 2.3 billion plus impressions on the social media during its run. “It is not only the number of impressions, but also the immensely positive sentiments reflected through these social media conversations that share the highlight. Over 90 per cent comments and reactions noted on social media with regards to the Pro Kabaddi League have a positive tone. August 29 and 31 (series culmination day) generated the most ever daily conversations for the Star Sports Twitter handle with more than 25,000 tweets coming in each day,” the network said.
The next instalment of the PKL is scheduled for March 2015 and the promoters and broadcaster aim to make it a bi-annual event in the long run, amounting to 26 weeks of kabaddi action annually.
 Advertisements

Election impact may hold back Mumbai  Gurgaon realtyNivedita Mookerji & Raghavendra Kamath |  New Delhi/Mumbai Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 11:33 PM IST
Election impact may hold back Mumbai, Gurgaon realty
As the elections are coming just about a week ahead of Diwali, a time for the biggest real estate launches, those tracking the sector say there could be some changes and delays in new projects
Maharashtra and Haryana, the two states headed for legislative Assembly elections on October 15, have another thing in common. They are among the most prominent property markets and together are estimated to constitute 30-40 per cent of the pan-India real estate universe.
While the polls might not substantially impact the property prices in these states, these could slow down policy clearances and infrastructure projects critical to real estate, say analysts. Since the elections are coming just about a week ahead of Diwali, a time for the biggest real estate launches, those tracking the sector say there could be some changes and delays in new projects.
There's likely to be a short-term impact on real estate activity and approval processes because of these elections, says Anshuman Magazine, chairman (South Asia), CBRE, a global consultancy in the sector. "It is usual for project approvals to come to a standstill before elections." Even proposed policy decisions such as overhaul of the floor-space index in Haryana is likely to be delayed, he said. Infrastructure projects in the states could also be hit, affecting real estate.
A Cushman and Wakefield study put the total estimated unit launches at 172,500 across major eight cities of India in 2013. As for prime residential, Gurgaon made for 8,000 new apartment units in the first half of 2014, Mumbai 17,600 and Pune 5,000, according to CBRE data.
It also shows the National Capital Region, of which Gurgaon (Haryana) is one of the biggest chunks, constituted three million sq ft of new prime grade-A commercial supply in the first half of 2014 and Mumbai 2.2 mn sq ft, of a total of 14 mn sq ft across this segment in India. So, in grade-A commercial space itself, Mumbai and Gurgaon, the primary real estate drivers in Maharashtra and Haryana, together form more than a third of the pan-India new supply.
Developers are a bit cautious and do not want to dampen the Diwali spirits. Lalit Jain, chairman of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India, told Business Standard: "In Maharashtra, the political system has no role to play on project approvals."
Niranjan Hiranandani, managing director, Hiranandani Constructions, said there would not be any perceptible change due to elections before Diwali. However, people would look forward to new policies in housing and incentives for affordable housing. Those policies would depend upon the result of the elections and who forms the new government. Many issues in real estate are governed by state laws.
The actual loss to real estate caused by policy uncertainties will be clear after the poll result and how quickly the new government is able to take charge, an analyst said. "The silver lining in all this is that the real estate market is already slow,limiting the impact of elections," he added.
Sanjay Sharma, managing director, Qubrex, a real estate consultancy, agreed. "It is a fact that property is not selling well," he said, and developers which had begun new projects had seen a perceptible weakness.
"There's no trigger for a price rise yet and no sign of investors showing bullish behaviour." In a situation like this, Assembly elections in Maharashtra and Haryana might not have a material impact on property prices, he said.
At the time of the Lok Sabha polls earlier this year, analysts had predicted the property market was going to revive in nine to 12 months.
There are optimists, too. Om Ahuja, chief executive, residential services, Jones Lang LaSalle, an international consultancy, said in recent weeks, a lot of new files had been cleared and new projects would be ready after the shradh period (ending September 23) and once the festival season takes off. "I don't think people are really bothered about elections when they make real estate purchase," he said.
 Advertisements

Sebi raps BSE on NMDC share sale; wants reviewSebi raps BSE on NMDC share sale; wants review
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Mumbai, September 11, 2014
First Published: 23:18 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 23:21 IST(11/9/2014)
Market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi), on Thursday, censured the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) for lapses during the share of sale of public sector company, National Mining Development Corporation (NMDC), two years ago.
Sebi has asked the exchange to conduct an independent review and take necessary action.
“The independent consultant should bring out the shortcomings, if any, and suggest remedial measures within a period of three months. BSE shall then fix the responsibility internally,” Sebi said in its order on Thursday.
The matter relates to the government selling nearly 39.65 crore shares of NMDC through offer for sale, or OFS mechanism on the BSE and NSE in December 2012. As per rules stock exchanges have to reconcile all orders and payments in the half an hour after trading closes at 3:30pm with no no orders being accepted afterwards.
Sebi had found that the confirmation of bids for 4.55 crore shares received from Citibank was not concluded within the stipulated time and so the regulator sought an explanation from the BSE for accepting the bids after the cut-off time for trading.

Decide on mine licences in 28 months: SC to govtComments
The Supreme Court has fixed a 28-month deadline for the Centre and states to decide on applications seeking environmental clearance for renewal of mining leases, an order that would end bureaucratic red-tapism often faced by companies that want continuation of their leases.
A special forest bench headed by Justice JS Kehar also fixed responsibility of officers dealing with the applications at various stages and ordered that non-compliance of the court’s directions would make them liable to face contempt charges.
The bench set a three-week deadline for the Centre and all the states to set-up websites, which shall reflect the status of every application.
A unique code or serial number shall be assigned to the proposal at the time of its submission. The websites would work on a real-time basis, the bench said, adding there should be no restriction to accessing the portals.
The order came on a petition filed by the Federation of Indian Minerals Industry (FIMI), which complained that statutory clearances were pending with either the Centre or states for three-four years and companies were suffering in the process.
FIMI had requested the court to direct authorities to speed up the process and take decisions in a time-bound manner.
The court’s directions are based on suggestions made by the SC-appointed Centrally Empowered Committee (CEC), the Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF) and advocate ADN Rao, who is assisting the green bench dealing with environment related cases.
“A 28-month deadline has been set for both the Centre and states to either approve or disapprove a request for renewal of leases. Within this period, the relevant authorities have to complete all the tasks such as getting a clarification, if any, from the company, carrying out surveys and ensuring the applicant has abided by its assurance to undertake mandatory compensatory afforestation,” Rao told HT.
“A specific cut-off date is there for every officer and a supervising officer would be there responsible for the compliance of the court order,“ Rao added.
Time has been fixed even for the company to respond to any query. Submission of a proposal by the company should be atleast two years before expiry of its mining lease.
“In case of disobedience of the directions issued by us today, it shall be open to the aggrieved party, to raise a challenge to the same, in the high court,” the bench said.

Now  General Motors head Mary Barra calls on ModiNow, General Motors head Mary Barra calls on Modi
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 11, 2014
First Published: 23:28 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:46 IST(12/9/2014)
Comments
Mary Barra, the first woman to head US car major General Motors, on Thursday met Prime Minister Narendra Modi, joining the league of global CEOs such as Mitsubishi Corp’s Ken Kobayashi, Japanese retailer Uniqlo’s Tadashi Yanai and Indian-born Deutsche Bank co-CEO Anshu Jain who have met the PM in recent months.
Honda Motor Corp chairman Fumihiko Ike also called upon Modi on Friday.
Barra took over the reins of the world’s second largest car maker in January, and has been under attack on account of a spate of global recalls by the company in the last few years.
In India, where GM is a fringe player now, it faced heat last year after recalling 114,000 units of its multi-utility vehicle Tavera for faulty emissions.
A government appointed panel later called it a corporate fraud, indicting the GM top management for fudging engine specifications to pass mandatory emission tests.
“Our goal is to improve our processes so we make defect-free vehicles,” Barra said on Thurs­day.
“We want to be a highly respectable and valued firm. There is a huge focus on quality now. The past is in the past. We have been here a long time but we don’t want to be a mere competitor, we want to be leaders.”
Despite two decades of presence and an investment that tops $1 billion, less than half of GM’s production capacity is utilised at present. Its last three launches — Chevrolet Sail-UVA, Sail sedan and Enjoy utilty vehicle — have all flopped. They were part of an experiment where GM India used platforms from the company’s China partner, SAIC.
“We have a significant partnership still with SAIC in China. In a couple of cases, we did not have the right focus on understanding the customer,” said Barra.

Rupee surges 28 paise to end at 60.65 against US dollarRupee surges 28 paise to end at 60.65 against US dollar
PTI  Mumbai, September 12, 2014
First Published: 10:26 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:11 IST(12/9/2014)
Comments
The Indian rupee on Friday gained 28paise, notching up its best daily gain in a month, to end strong at 60.65 against the greenback on heavy dollar selling by banks and exporters amid positive cues from equity markets.
A weak dollar overseas and capital inflows also helped the rupee rally for the second straight day, forex dealers said. This helped the rupee to end with gain of 26 paise for the week, the sixth straight weekly rise.
Against its major global rivals, the dollar index was trading lower by 0.03%. This was ahead of some economic data and Fed's meeting on rates early next week.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the domestic currency commenced lower at 60.97 a dollar from last close of 60.93 and immediately touched a low of 61.03.
It, later rebounded on dollar selling by exporters and some banks amid better domestic stocks to a high of 60.6450.
It finally settled at 60.65, a rise of 28 paise or 0.46%.
This was its best daily gain since the 45-paise rise on August 14, 2014.
The government is scheduled to release Industrial Production (IIP) data for July and inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for August 2014 after market hours later on Friday.
Trading range for the spot rupee is expected to be within 60.10 to 61.00, said Pramit Brahmbhatt, CEO, Veracity Group.
The BSE Sensex on Friday recouped 65.17 points, or 0.24%, ahead of the announcement of key macro-economic data later in the day today. FPIs/FIIs had picked up shares worth USD 77.48 million on Thursday, as per provisional data.
In forwards market on Friday, premium continued its downslide on consistent receipts by exporters.
The benchmark six-month premium payable in February eased to 232.5-234 paise from overnight close of 234-236 paise.
Far-forward contracts maturing in August, 2015 also dipped to 483-485.5 paise from 487-489 paise.
The Reserve Bank of India fixed the reference rate for dollar at 60.8044 and for the euro at 78.6418.
The rupee also recovered against the pound to 98.34 from 98.97 previously while improved further to 78.44 per euro from 78.72. It also remained firm to end at 56.60 per 100 Japanese yen from 56.87.

Sensex reclaims 27 000 mark  Nifty above 8 100Sensex reclaims 27,000 mark, Nifty above 8,100
PTI  Mumbai, September 12, 2014
First Published: 10:55 IST(12/9/2014) | Last Updated: 18:37 IST(12/9/2014)
Comments
Markets on Friday snapped a three-day losing run with Sensex rising 65 points to reclaim 27,000-mark and Nifty gaining 20 points to end above 8,100-level on buying in select bluechips ahead of IIP and retail inflation data.
Both benchmark indices also logged their fifth straight weekly rise - one of the longest string of wins in 12 months.
Traders said activity was choppy as some participants exercised caution ahead of macroeconomic data releases. Mixed global cues also capped gains, they added.
Select pharma, consumer durable, auto and FMCG stocks were in demand while power, capital goods, realty and metal shares attracted profit-booking.
Smart rise mainly in ITC, Cipla, HDFC and Maruti Suzuki shares aided the rebound. Laggards included Hindalco, Sun Pharma, RIL, NTPC, L and T, Infosys, ICICI Bank and Coal India.
The 30-share BSE Sensex moved in 131-point range, before settling above 27K-level at 27,061.04 - a rise of 65.17 points or 0.24%. In previous three days, it had fallen by 323.98 points or 1.19%. On a weekly basis, Sensex logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up 34.30 points.
The wide-based 50-issue CNX Nifty of the NSE also recovered by 19.80 points, or 0.24%, to regain 8,100-mark as it closed at 8,105.50. It had shed over 88 points in previous three days. On a weekly basis, Nifty also logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up 19 points.
The government is scheduled to release Industrial Production (IIP) data for July and inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for August 2014 after market hours later on Friday.
"We shall be seeing participants reacting to macro-economic data on opening note on Monday and that would set the tone for rest of the day," said Jayant Manglik, president - retail distribution, Religare Securities.
Meanwhile, Snowman Logistics made a stellar market debut on the NSE with shares surging nearly 70%.
Globally, investors are eyeing outcome of next week's Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meet on key interest rates for further guidance. Fears of rate hikes have dented sentiment in emerging markets like India.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors bought shares worth net Rs. 433.55 crore on Thursday, as per provisional data.
Asian stocks closed mixed after the latest data showed credit growth of Chinese financial institutions surged last month. Indices from China, Japan and South Korea ended firm while those from Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan ended weak.
European markets reversed initial gains and were trading lower in late morning deals. The CAC (France) was down by 0.28% and the DAX (Germany) by 0.29%. However, the FTSE (UK) was up 0.05%.
In domestic market, major Sensex gainers included Cipla (6.38%), Maruti Suzuki (1.87%), Bharti Airtel (1.85%), ITC (1.40%), Sesa Sterlite (1.36%), Hero MotoCorp (1.33%), HDFC (1.09%), SBI (0.93%) and M&M (0.85%).
Jignesh Chaudhary, head of research, Veracity Broking Services said: "Local equities added quarter of a per cent on Friday. To start the day, local equities opened slightly low but as the day progressed, indices closed on a positive note. FIIs buying in the local equities helped."
Sensex laggards include Hindalco that fell by 2.29%, Sun Pharma 2.05%, Tata Power 1.65%, NTPC 1.50% and Larsen and Toubro 1.10%.
Among the S and P BSE sectoral indices, Healthcare rose by 0.74%, followed by Consumer Durables 0.72%, Auto 0.64% and FMCG 0.54%. Power index fell by 1.29% and Capital Goods slid 0.81%.
Total market breadth remained strong as 1,742 stocks closed in the green, 1,312 finished in the red and 106 ruled steady. Market turnover rose to Rs. 3,608.37 crore from Rs. 3,262.72 crore on Thursday.

IMF chief Christine Lagarde talks to Gillian TettSeptember 12, 2014 1:17 pm
Lunch with the FT: Christine Lagarde
By Gillian Tett
The IMF’s chief talks about giving more power to non-western countries, bringing more women into the room and the ‘highly political’ decision of a French court to investigate her
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.

What happens after a Yes vote will shock the ScotsSeptember 12, 2014 7:07 pm
What happens after a Yes vote will shock the Scots
By Martin Wolf
However amicably a divorce begins, that is rarely how it ends. Talks will be bitter and prolonged
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/67017a0a-390d-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

It is no mirror for contemporary S AfricaSeptember 12, 2014 10:52 am
The Oscar Pistorius trial is not a parable
By Mark Gevisser
South African exceptionalism may be why we felt so betrayed by the Olympian, writes Mark Gevisser
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/11b94cc2-39b1-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The billionaires shaping US politicsSeptember 12, 2014 7:04 pm
The billionaires bending American politics to their will
By Christopher Caldwell
A new book reveals how the very wealthy are shaping US society more than is commonly realised
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9eb8d060-390d-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Buying a new car Choose the right loanComments
Consumer ‘sentiment’ has improved and to tap into this opportunity, car makers are ready with several new launches coupled with attractive deals. If you, too, are contemplating a new car, and an auto loan to go with it, you can approach either a bank or an auto finance company, which is often an arm of the car manufacturer. But which would be a better choice? We help you decide.
  
Eligibility and ease
A car manufacturer’s finance arm provides loans only for their in-house brands. So, Tata Motors Finance Ltd will only give you a loan only if you are buying a car from Tata Motors Ltd. But not all car companies have their own auto financing. In such cases, you have to approach a bank for a loan, which provide loans for all car brands, but apply tighter eligibility criteria.
Advertisement
“Captive car finance companies mostly help finance those segments of borrowers that banks shy away from. They have relaxed credit norms and wider geographical spread,” said Rahul Soota, executive director, Mymoneymantra.com. However, an auto loan from a car finance company has to be paid back sooner—their typical maximum loan period is five years. Banks offer a longer duration, up to seven years. 
 
Rate card 
The next deciding factor is interest rates. Banks usually apply a rack rate, i.e., same interest rate for most customers. Car finance companies offer rates on a preferential basis. “A captive finance company might use preferential rates to support the parent company’s product sales,” said a Volkswagen representative in an email response. Say, if you have owned a Volkswagen vehicle you could get a better interest rate than a first time Volkswagen buyer.
This brings us to the next step: who offers a better rate? Even though car finance companies don’t display their rates, their loans are often cheaper on specific models or variants. BMW, for instance, has a scheme running on its 1-Series (118D), which has an interest rate of 8.05%. The vehicle costs Rs. 25.6 lakh. You have to make a downpayment of Rs. 5.6 lakh, and the company will give a loan of Rs. 20 lakh (for seven years).
However, for one month every year, you have to pay an installment of Rs. 1.59 lakh (called a “bullet amount”). In all you would pay Rs. 26.58 lakh at the end of seven years. If you do not avail this offer, BMW will charge a rate of at least 11.25%, which means you would pay Rs. 29.04 lakh after seven years.
If you instead take a loan from a bank, say, SBI, the interest rate would be 10.95% and you would be paying `28.82 lakh after the same period.
Loan charges
However, there are three other cost heads that you need to compare: processing fees, prepayment charges and late payment penalty. Here’s a look at these.
Processing fee: This varies across banks and car finance companies, and depends on the loan amount and can vary from Rs. 1,020-15,000.
Prepayment charge and late payment penalty: Some banks, including SBI, Bank of Baroda, Bank of India, and Canara Bank, don’t have a prepayment charge, while some other banks, including HDFC Bank, Axis Bank and ICICI Bank, do. However, in May, the Reserve Bank of India had directed all banks to not charge borrowers for pre-paying floating loans, which includes auto loans.
When it comes to late payment penalty both categories of lenders will penalise you.
There are other factors also such as cheaper insurance, extended warranty, maintenance packages, and more.
 
What should you do?
“The customer should give credence to transparency. Speed of sanction, disbursement and quality of service are also important,” said Khanna.
Whether a bank or a car finance company, the basic steps don’t change. First compare the total cost of the loan and EMIs, and then evaluate your repayment ability. After this, choose a lender that is most adapted to your needs.

Investment climate in India must improve: HondaComments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi may have exhorted global manufacturers to set up factories in India, but Japanese car major Honda Motor Corp on Friday launched a scathing criticism of the country’s investment climate and said there was need for massive improvement.
“There are a considerable number of obstacles to doing business in this country. Many Japanese auto parts suppliers are anxious to establish operations here. However, those suppliers as well as manufacturers often encounter problems in obtaining business permits and completing paperwork required for acquisition of the business property,” said Fumihiko Ike, chairman, Honda Motor Corp.
“The complicated process of obtaining a plant construction permit, in some cases, has seriously hindered plans,” he added.
Ironically, Ike’s comments coincided with the company’s Indian arm announcing that it would set up a third manufacturing factory in the country, in Gujarat.
Ike was also critical of India’s complex taxation system and hoped for an early implementation of a simpler uniform goods and services tax.

Spectrum sharing  trading guidelines by year-endMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

France indicates interest to help make Nagpur a  smart cityPress Trust of India |  Nagpur Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 11:15 AM IST
France indicates interest to help make Nagpur a 'smart city'
This was indicated by French Consul General for Western India Jean Raphael Peytregnet, who is on his two-day visit to Nagpur
France has evinced interest in partnering with Nagpur to make it a 'smart city'.
This was indicated by French Consul General for Western India Jean Raphael Peytregnet, who is on his two-day visit to Nagpur.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi had announced plans to create 100 smart cities across the country and France has offered its expertise, men, and material in urban development to build "new age" cities and plans to send a visiting team of prominent architects to Nagpur to "explore possibilities".
Accompanied by the French Trade Commissioner of Consulate General Matthieu Lefort, Peytregnet said that the basic objective would be to "explore possibilities" of co-operation in urban development.
Since each city has a different requirement, there is nothing specific in mind, though tailor-made solutions could be offered, he said.
Peytregnet said that New Delhi would host a convention of architects later in November, when a French team would eventually visit Nagpur.
Apart from exploring options in Mumbai and the national capital, they will also be urged to visit other Indian cities, he said.
"There is immense scope for developing modern infrastructure in India. We will be calling on officials of various municipalities and civic bodies across the country to look for tie-ups. Nagpur being in the heart of the country is very much on our mind," he said.
The Consul General met Nagpur Mayor Pravin Datke, his deputy Munna Pokulwar, Municipal Commissioner Shyam Wardhane and past mayor Anil Sole to discuss issues related to the 'smart city' concept.
 Advertisements

World Bank keen to fund two new mega Metro projects  says MMRDAPress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 11:10 AM IST
World Bank keen to fund two new mega Metro projects, says MMRDA
Charkop-Dahisar and Wadala-Teen Hath Naka are the proposed Metro projects
With the Japanese government taking a lead in funding the megapolis' many signature infrastructure projects, the World Bank has evinced interest in funding the proposed Charkop-Dahisar and Wadala-Teen Hath Naka Metro projects.
The Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA) has already committed to fund the Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority's (MMRDA) two ambitious projects-- the just announced Rs 23,136-crore Colaba-Seepz Metro and the 22 km Rs 9,630-crore Mumbai Trans Harbour Link (MTHL), which still remains on paper.
"The MMRDA is undertaking large infrastructure projects which require huge investments. Recently, the JICA has committed to funding two major projects in the city and it has also shown interest in funding some more projects as well.
"At the same time, the World Bank has also expressed interest in funding two other proposed metro projects which we will be soon taking up," MMRDA additional metropolitan commissioner Sanjay Sethi told PTI here.
The World Bank had earlier funded two phases of Mumbai Urban Transport Projects implemented by the authority. While phase I involved Santacruz-Chembur and Jogeshwari-Vikhroli link roads, phase II was to strengthen the suburban railway networks and improving its operational efficiency.
The state government recently merged the stalled Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd Metro line with the proposed Dahisar-Charkop corridor by converting the entire line underground instead of the originally planned elevated line.
The proposed 40.2-km Dahisar-Bandra-Mankhurd Metro line is estimated to cost Rs 28,900 crore with all the 37 stations underground.
The cost of 32-km Charkop-Bandra-Mankhurd corridor was originally pegged at Rs 7,660 crore, while the 7.8-km Charkop-Dahisar corridor was estimated to cost Rs 4,680 crore.
The state has also cleared a 30.8-km-long metro link connecting Wadala on the easter fringe to Teen Hath Naka on the northwestern fringe that will have 31 stations. The link will have 10 underground stations while the rest will be on elevated line.
 Advertisements

Reliance ups stake in Jio to 99%Dev Chatterjee |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:49 AM IST
Reliance raises stake in Jio to 99%
Stake held by Nahatas has fallen to just about 1% as they did not make any investments post 2010 in rollout of services
Ahead of the launch of its mobile phone services, Reliance Industries has increased its stake in Reliance Jio to almost 99 per cent. According to documents accessed by Business Standard, RIL increased its direct stake in Jio to 98.9 per cent as on March this year by pumping more capital into the company. The stake held by the Nahatas (Infotel Broadband promoter Mahendra Nahata and his son Anant) has fallen to just one per cent as they did not make any investments after 2010 in the rollout of services. The Nahatas had earlier sold Infotel Broadband to RIL soon after winning a pan-India broadband licence in 2010. The Nahatas will, however, still have a seat on the Reliance Jio board.
An email sent to RIL on Thursday seeking comments did not elicit any response. When contacted, Mahendra Nahata said as more capital in the company was infused by RIL, his stake in the company fell. “But Mukesh Ambani has been gracious enough to offer me a board seat and I am still on the board,” he said.
Led by Ambani’s confidante Manoj Modi and former Maxis CEO Sandip Das, Reliance Jio is currently in the process of rolling out a pan-India 4G infrastructure and is testing signals. Based on the current progress, it is expected to roll out services by early next year in a phased manner. The current estimated cost for this network deployment will be a massive Rs 70,000 crore. The investments are turning out to be a big concern for RIL's investors, who are worried about the profitability of the telecom venture, given the competition from well-entrenched rivals such as Bharti, Vodafone and Idea. Global bank UBS recently valued Jio at Rs 140 a share, adjusting for net debt of the company, and said any stake sale would drive up valuations of Reliance.
According to the documents submitted to bankers, Reliance will first roll out services in top urban cities, and address the rural area coverage in parallel in lieu of its presence as the extensive national backbone spreading across more than 170,000 km. “While we believe that the revenues of the Indian telecom sector will continue to grow with the economy, its composition will shift from the predominant share of voice and text services as is the case today, to broadband and digital services in the years to come. Reliance Jio is well positioned to capture a significant share of this revenue migration as well as of the additional value creation on account of broadband services,” Jio said in its filings with banks.
WHO OWNS JIO?

Cameron: Isis killing will fortify UK resolveLast updated: September 14, 2014 7:39 pm
Cameron says Briton’s beheading will strengthen UK resolve against Isis
By Jim Pickard, Erika Solomon and Borzou Daragahi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8233e156-3c09-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

History meets modernity: Varanasi awaits makeoverComments
For Prime Minister Narendra Modi's constituency of Varanasi it seems 'acche din' have come with the NDA government planning a giant goodie bag for the temple city.
Elderly women walk down the stairs on the banks of the River Ganges in Varanasi. AFP Photo/Manan Vatsyayana
What the Centre does here could potentially be used to showcase the Modi government's development initiatives in future polls.
Besides a complete makeover, the Centre's big plans for the oldest living city in the world includes a film city, developing a 'greater Varanasi', a mass transport system like the one in New Delhi, a trade facilitation centre, and a arts and craft museum.
In the 2014 general polls, Modi had contested from Varanasi and Gujarat's Vadodara. He later retained the UP seat and promised to develop the city including cleaning up the Ganga. To that end, a lion's share of the Centre's multi-crore Namami Gange plan will be spent on Varanasi and facelift of 84 river-front ghats is also on the agenda.
Kashi is also high on the agenda of the NDA government's smart city project. A mass rapid transport system including a Bus Rapid Transport System- like the one in New Delhi - is being planned.
There is also an exhaustive plan for 'Greater Varanasi' which will see the development of neighbouring towns like Sarnath, Ramnagar, Babatpur, Shivpur, Cholapur and Ganapur as satellite cities.
To boost tourism, plans are underway to promote 'walking tourism' and get heritage tags for several havelis, kothis and akharas. A cooperation deal between Kyoto and Varanasi, signed by Modi when he was in Japan, will strive to preserve the art and culture of the ancient Indian city.
While the entire civic structure of Varanasi is headed for an overhaul including modern waste management system, six projects worth `1,017.18 crore will be completed soon.
Uttar Pradesh's first jetty will come up on the Kosi river near Ram Nagar in Varanasi. Once it begins operation, ships with 600 to 1,000 tonnes of cargo can ferry between West Bengal and Varanasi giving a big boost to economic and commercial activities.
Sources said necessary clearances for a trade facilitation centre and a crafts museum, announced by finance minister Arun Jaitley in the budget, will be given by the Centre soon. Rs. 50 crore was set aside for this plan.
A Jal Marg Vikas project to connect Varanasi through rive-routes and a complete makeover of the Cantonment railway station is also on the cards.
The proposal for a film city was proposed by BJP MP and Bhojpuri superstar Manoj Tewari. "Many films are shot in Varanasi. An organised film city can boost the local economy," said an official. 
 
Plans for tourism
The government will identify, preserve and project more historical buildings as tourist attractions. It has planned to adopt measures such as better access by walkways and improved lighting that can make the city’s heritage structures more attractive.
 
Plans for citizens
A complete revamp of the civic infrastructure with better sewage network, waste management and transportation. A plan to bring in intelligent street lighting is also on the blueprint as are initiatives to declog the city’s skyline that’s presently criss-crossed by jumble of wires
 
Plans for the city
Kick-starting the several central schemes that would have bettered the civic infrastructure. Action would include releasing of remaining funds and spurring execution. The government is also looking at developing the suburbs as Greater Varanasi to help spread out the population
 
Plans for Ganga
The majestic ghats of Kashi and the riverfront are expected to get a facelift and the government is planning to get cracking on the ambitious ‘jal marg’ project that would see transit on the 1,620 km- Allahabad-Varanasi-Haldia water stretch.

Man Dares Judge to Give Him Death Sentenceman dares judge to give him death sentence
Manmohan says he did his  duty   refuses to comment on Rai s chargesFormer prime minister Manmohan Singh, who is under fire from the former CAG Vinod Rai over the 2G spectrum scam and Coalgate, said on Sunday he has done his "duty" and refused to respond to charges levelled against him.
 
"I, indeed, did my duty. Well, I do not want to comment on other people what they have written," Singh told reporters on the sidelines of an event here to celebrate the publication of a book titled 'Strictly Personal: Manmohan and Gursharan', authored by his daughter Daman Singh.
Read: Manmohan was aware of decisions in 2G: ex-CAG
 
Singh was asked about the scathing criticism by Rai who held the former PM responsible for the controversial decisions to allocate 2G spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
 
Interestingly, Daman skirted questions about the ex-CAG's comments.
 
"Actually, I do not know anything about that. So I cannot comment. I have no idea about that. I have not heard what they have said. I cannot say anything. I really do not know and I have not heard what they have said. So, there is no point in saying anything," she said.
 
Daman charts the journey of her parents in her book providing new insights into the couple but keeps away from the last 10 years when Singh was heading the UPA government.
 
The function was attended among others by former deputy Planning Commission chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and ex-minister Shashi Tharoor.

Smartening the power gridMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

BigBasket raises Rs 200 crBS Reporter |  Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:42 AM IST
BigBasket raises Rs 200 cr
Bangalore-based online grocer - BigBasket has raised Rs 200 crore in Series-B funding from venture funds Helion Advisors and Zodius Capital
Bangalore-based online grocer - BigBasket has raised Rs 200 crore in Series-B funding from venture funds Helion Advisors and Zodius Capital. Its existing investors, Ascent Capital and LionRock Capital also were a part of the funding, the company said. BigBasket, which is currently present in Bangalore, Hyderabad and Mumbai, plans to use the funds to enter 10 more cities, including Delhi and Pune, over the next year and invest in technology. It delivers food items such as fresh fruits, vegetables, grocery and staples, frozen food and dairy products. The company boasts of a catalogue of over 12,000 products, across 1,000 brands.
Tata invests in Bluestone.com
Ratan Tata, former chief of Tata Group and chairman emeritus of the group's holding company Tata Sons, has invested an undisclosed amount in Bangalore-based Jewels Online Distribution India, the company behind online jewellery retailer BlueStone, confirmed its co-founder Gaurav Singh Kushwaha. A few weeks back, Ratan Tata had invested an undisclosed sum in Snapdeal.com, the second largest e-commerce platform in India.
Also read: http://goo.gl/azl0qS
MakeMyTrip's innovation fund
Online-travel services firm MakeMyTrip has created an innovation fund worth $15 million, which the company will invest in early-stage ventures operating in the travel and tourism space, with a focus on mobile and IP-based start-ups.
Phantom Hands raises funding
Bangalore-based Phantom Hands Vintage Collectibles, which owns Phantom Hands, an online shop for antique products, has raised an undisclosed amount in funding from four investors, including Rajan Anandan, head of Google India, and Ravi Shah, director of Mumbai-based design firm Mind's Eye Creative, according to a report by Forbes India.
If you have any information to share, please write to bsreporter@bsmail.in
 Advertisements

The disintegration ofJanataAs early as June 1978, Charan Singh had written a letter to Prime Minister Desai describing his cabinet as a “collection of impotent men” incapable of bringing Indira to justice. (Source: Reuters photo)
Written by Inder Malhotra | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:16 am
SHORTLY after her famous elephant-ride to Belchi, Indira Gandhi went to her constituency, Rae Bareli. Simon Winchester of The Guardian, who was in the hack pack accompanying her, reported that her constituents had “forgiven her in ten minutes flat”.
Her next destination was the tribal belt of Gujarat. The welcome she received there — and even more strikingly, at the airport in Bombay (now Mumbai) en route — came to the Janata ranks as a terrible shock. Angrily, they demanded of the top leadership that instead of allowing her to “strut about the country”, Gandhi should be jailed at once. They argued that since the Shah Commission had already “held her guilty” she must be punished without delay. This reasoning was absurd, of course. For Justice J.C. Shah had clearly stated in his report that under the law, commissions of inquiry were only fact-finding bodies and “could not hold anyone guilty of anything”. If someone was to be punished, specific charges had to be filed in appropriate courts.
Even so, no one could restrain Charan Singh. On October 3, 1977, he ordered Indira Gandhi’s arrest on some flimsy charges that the Intelligence Bureau had framed at his behest. With this piece of paper, officers of the Central Bureau of Investigation and Delhi Police knocked at her door around noon. What followed was pure theatre from which she derived great political advantage. There isn’t enough space even to summarise the drama. Suffice it to say that at the first sign of the police’s plan to take her out of Delhi’s administrative jurisdiction, the Black Maria was surrounded by the vehicles carrying a large number of her supporters. She got out of the van and sat calmly on a culvert. The police had no option but to bring her back to Delhi and detain her for the night in Police Lines. The next morning, the magistrate before whom she was produced took exactly three minutes to dismiss the charges against her. This fiasco meant
a loss of face for the Janata and earned her enormous sympathy.
By this time, she had also realised that most Congress leaders were treating her with ill-concealed hostility. Some of them had even given evidence against her to the Shah Commission. So on New Year’s Day 1978, she split the party for the second time. Later in the year, she won a by-election to the Lok Sabha from Chikmagalur in Karnataka with a big majority. But her membership of Parliament lasted only six weeks. For the Privileges Committee lost no time to hold her “guilty” continued…

When there are more media outlets  govt responds morequicklyPosted: September 15, 2014 12:07 am
By: Aakanksha Tangri
Anya Schiffrin is the director of the media and communications program at Columbia University’s School of International and Public Affairs. Her new book, Global Muckraking: 100 Years of Investigative Journalism from Around the World, is an anthology of investigative reporting from the developing world including groundbreaking pieces of journalism from India.
How did the idea of the book come about?
I was doing research to prepare a history of journalism class at Columbia’s journalism school and began reading newspapers from the 19th century and books about journalism. I came across King Leopold’s Ghost by Adam Hochschild which described E D Morel’s campaign for better conditions for workers in the Congo who were gathering rubber. I became interested to know what kind of journalism was being written in the 19th century… and inevitably that also led me to read many more newspapers in Teen Murti Library and also in Calcutta. Reading these old newspapers inspired me to edit a collection that would showcase journalism from the developing world.
What pieces of journalism did you end up choosing?
I got historians, journalists and activists from around the world to nominate pieces that they thought were important and then we divided the book into categories such as rural affairs, women, corruption. Some of the pieces from India include writing by Dwarkanath Ganguly which is introduced by Jayeeta Sharma, a piece by Madhusree Mukerjee who introduced Biplabi and a piece on honour killings by a Pakistani journalist. P Sainath is in the book as well. Amartya Sen has talked so much about the Bengal Famine and the impact the press coverage has had on food supply in India, so I thought it was important to have a piece from the Bengal Famine. I had a researcher spend a lot of time reading the English-language newspapers from Kolkata and we ended up using one of The Statesman editorials about the 1943 famine. As I understand it, war-time censorship from the British prevented the famine from being reported in the English-language newspapers in India.
How has the style of reporting and writing evolved over time?
In English, writing has become more concise. There’s also more use of data and probably more sources. A lot of 19th century newspapers feel a bit like blogs in the sense that there’s randomness, personal stories and rumours… Another lesson learned was that for the journalism to have an impact, there have to be other social forces that are really ready to make a change. For example, Jayeeta Sharma talks about how Ganguly was part of Brahmo Samaj. Sharma places Ganguly’s journalism in the context of that movement. That’s part of what we wanted to with the book — not just present the journalism, but also give the social context that it came from and to talk about when it did or did not have an impact.
What is biggest challenge facing journalism today?
Right now, there’s an extraordinary amount of good journalism being done. There’s more data available. Social media is helping journalists connect to sources continued…

A Senas prescription for Bhopals SindhigirlsExpress News Service | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:02 am
Don’t wear indecent clothes when you go to the market; don’t cover your faces while riding two-wheelers; use mobiles and two-wheelers only in case of emergency and don’t make male friends on Facebook and WhatsApp, says Sindhu Sena, an organisation working among the Sindhi community of Bhopal, in a list of dos and don’ts to tackle “love jihad”.
About 60 members of the Sena, whose last movement was seven years ago when a Sindhi girl eloped with a Muslim boy, met Saturday to discuss “love jihad” and came up with the list ahead of the Navaratri festival.
Sena members Durgesh Keshwani and Rakesh Kukreja, who presided over the meeting, are members of Bharatiya Janata Yuva Morcha but said they were operating as members of the Sindhi community and not in the capacity as activists of the ruling BJP. The BJP, too, has distanced itself from the group saying the party does not endorse its activities.
“Young girls oppose restrictions on clothes but we will make them realise that these are better than wearing a burqa in future,’’ Keshwani said. He said Sena members will monitor the “friends list” on girls’ Facebook accounts to know if they are in touch with the wrong kind of people.
Echoing BJP MLA Usha Thakur, Sena members said they will meet garba organisers and request them to allow entry only on the basis of identity cards. “Why should members of the other community take part if they don’t believe in Hinduism?” Keshwani told The Indian Express. Asked whether the identity cards were meant to keep Muslims out, Keshwani said yes.

Malaysia Airlines flight returns after auto-pilotdefectPress Trust of India | Kualalampur | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:00 am
An India-bound flight of Malaysia Airlines was forced to return due to an auto-pilot defect, landing safely here on Sunday, said the carrier already hit by the twin tragedies this year. Flight MH198 from Kuala Lumpur to Hyderabad departed at 10.20 pm Saturday but the Boeing 737-800 turned back due to an auto-pilot defect and landed safely at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport at 2.01 am Sunday, it said in a statement.
“The defect did not have any impact on the safety of the aircraft or passengers, however, as a precautionary measure, the operating captain decided to turn back,” the airline said. It refuted reports on social media that the aircraft caught fire.
Initial reports had said the plane had to make an emergency landing due to “burning fuel”.
The airline said upon arrival, passengers and crew disembarked safely and were given accommodation at nearby hotels. The flight, rescheduled to operate as MH198D, left Kuala Lumpur for Hyderabad at 12.20 pm Sunday.
The airline said it regretted the disruption to its guests’ travel plans, but reiterated that safety of its passengers was its priority.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 with 239 people aboard lost contact on March 8. No trace of any wreckage has been found so far.
Another flight MH17 was shot down by a missile over eastern Ukraine on July 17, killing all 289 people aboard.

Pinki wants to hit the track againUpdated: September 15, 2014 08:22 IST
Pinki wants to hit the track again
Shiv Sahay Singh
— Photo: Special Arrangement Athlete Pinki Pramanik checking tickets at the Sealdah railway station in Central Kolkata on Saturday.
TOPICS
crime, law and justice
After being acquitted of the rape and assault charges levelled by her live-in partner, Asian Games gold medallist Pinki Pramanik wants to get back on the track.
Ms. Pramanik was accused by Anamika Acharya of being a man and of raping her. Eventually, Ms. Pramanik was arrested on June 14, 2012 and had to undergo medical examination to confirm her gender.
On Friday, the Calcutta High Court exonerated the athlete of all charges of rape and assault, and from Saturday, things started looking up for her. She re-joined duty as Travelling Ticket Examiner (TTE).
“My dream now is to get back on track,” said an elated Pinki. “I am buying a fresh pair of shoes and want to get back to running. My friends and colleagues are also encouraging me,” she told The Hindu on Sunday.
She was away from sports for the past two years and getting back on the track would be a challenge. “Perhaps a bigger challenge than before.”
Ms. Pramanik had been working “on and off” over the last two years. “Earlier, I had to hear a lot of lewd comments from passengers.” But things changed dramatically after the court order.
“On Saturday, while I was checking the tickets at Sealdah station, the passengers smiled, nodded and approached me. They congratulated and encouraged me for fighting it out in the court of law…” she stopped to clear her throat, “…some sought my autographs.”
Soon after her arrest on June 2012, the athlete was put behind bars for 25 days before being granted bail. While in custody, Ms. Pramanik had alleged that a forced gender test was conducted on her at the behest of the police. The humiliation did not end there. The athlete was referred to as “male” in police records and was escorted by male police officers. An MMS of the gender-test was leaked resulting in further embarrassment for the athlete. The treatment meted out to Ms. Pramanik attracted severe criticism from across the world.
She said activists and individuals stood by her when she was harassed and now she would like to do the same. “I will lend my support to others. On Monday, I will participate in a rally at Esplanade for the rights of refugees,” she said.
Ms. Pramanik, who was born in the remote village of West Bengal’s Purulia district, came to the city in 2002. On her future plans, she says: “I want to start a sports academy in Baghmundi block of Purulia, on a piece of land that I purchased.”

PM visit to boost Indo-US defence tiesMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Building a green economyMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

BJP-led NDA government not for blanket ban on cow slaughterMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Red carpet welcome awaits PM Narendra Modi in USMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Indian origin scientists discover gene related to sleep patternsMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Cashing in on cows  Milk Mantra styleNirmalya Behera |  Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:44 AM IST
Cashing in on cows, Milk Mantra style
After gaining market share through innovation, the company plans to increase capacity and scale up business
"While I was looking for ideas to start a venture, the dairy segment stood out," recounts Srikumar Misra, who headed the mergers and acquisitions business of Tata Tea/Tetley, before quitting to set up Milk Mantra Dairy in 2009.
The company produces a range of products such as milk, probiotic and plain dahi (curd), paneer, lassi and buttermilk, sold under the Milky Moo brand. It sells its products in Chhattisgarh, Jharkhand and West Bengal, as well as central and coastal Odisha.
Misra, managing director and chief executive, says, "As a part of TAS (Tata Administrative Services), most of my experience was with Tata Tea and Tetley, for which I was posted in several emerging markets across the globe. I saw there was a lot of opportunity for packaged food and value-added food products in India, where the gap between demand and supply was huge."
"At that time, the dairy products business was a $40-50 billion market and highly unorganised. Only $5-7 billion was in the organised space; in eastern India, it was as low as 10 per cent, compared with the national average of 25 per cent. The market was growing at double digits and I could see opportunities here," he adds.
Fidelity Growth Partners India, which recently invested in Milk Mantra, says, "Given the lack of dairy development in eastern India, the region faces a milk deficit. This means there is a significant opportunity for well-run dairies to establish themselves and build a formidable supply chain, as competition is weak."
Packaging innovation
"We realised consumers were concerned about the quality of milk, as well as freshness; also, there were adulteration issues. We saw consumers boil the milk to extend its shelf life, even if it was pasteurised," Misra says.
To increase shelf life, Milky Moo pouches use Tripak technology - a three-layered film, with a black layer preventing damage due to exposure to light. This extends the life of the milk by about three days. For paneer, it uses German packaging technology Multivac, which increases the life by 21 days.
"It (Milk Mantra) leveraged product innovation and differentiated branding to rise to a dominant position in eastern India in just three years," Fidelity Growth Partners says.
Funding
Milk Mantra was the first Indian agri-food venture to raise venture capital, says Misra. It had received $5 million (about Rs 22 crore) in the first round of funding from social venture investor Aavishkaar, as well as 20 angel investors. Half the overall investment was equity; the rest was debt from IDBI Bank.
In mid-2012, the company raised an undisclosed amount in series-B funding from Aavishkaar. In series-C funding, it raised Rs 80 crore. This round was led by Fidelity Growth Partners India.
For 2012-13, the company recorded a turnover of Rs 18 crore; this jumped to Rs 45 crore in 2013-14. It hopes to break-even by the end of this financial year.
Ethical sourcing
An aspect close to the company's heart is ethical sourcing of milk. "During my experience in working for several global brands, I saw the concept of ethical sourcing was growing rapidly…across the world, all large companies have ethical sourcing programmes," Misra says.
The company focused on transparency in payment and pricing. It ensured farmers were apprised of the prices of milk and paid on time, doing away with middlemen, who ate into the incomes of farmers earlier. Through tie-ups with banks and financial institutions, farmers are given money to buy more cows. Cattle feed companies were also roped in to supply the quality feed, which increased productivity.
In its first year of operations, Milk Mantra roped in about 5,000 farmers. Currently, it has a network of about 25,000 farmers, a staff of about 140 and 250 milk collection points. The company has invested intensively in bulk milk coolers. It has 20 such coolers and plans to add another 20 in the next 18 months.
"The ethical sourcing programme is at the core of Milk Manta's conscious-capitalism business model. Our big network has resulted from a fair and transparent payment system. Now, farmers deal directly with Milk Mantra and have high trust in our practices," says Rashima Misra, executive director, Milk Mantra.
The company owns and manages the entire sourcing segment, a departure from the agent-cooperative model followed by Amul.
Road ahead
Milk Mantra plans to set up a plant in western Odisha, with a capacity of 150,000 litres a day, and increase the capacity of its processing unit to 200,000 litres a day. It also aims to scale up business, both in Odisha and neighbouring states. The company is also exploring acquisition opportunities. It plans to launch a milkshake across major markets.
EXPERT TAKE
The name Milk Mantra conveys a message that it is possible to establish a strong link between the consumer and the producer, without compromising on quality, fair price for producers and returns for investors. The company has successfully provided alternative products and, in the process, demonstrated consumers will not hesitate to pay more for quality products. The company has made inroads into the well-established supply chain through ethical milk sourcing. It can enhance this by sharing information about the flow of funds from the consumer to the producer.
Within a short period of its launch, Milky Moo has become a well-known brand in Odisha's capital city. The company is meticulously leveraging the power of branding and merchandising and is using digital media extensively.
However, there are challenges. The company isn't able to cater to several pockets within the state's capital, as it doesn't have exclusive kiosks. How about some synergy with the vending zones spread across the city? It is time for Milk Mantra to channelise its energy towards the larger issues of low production and less consumption.
Verghese Kurian had said, "Milk is the only commodity that has to be collected twice a day, every day of the year." Therefore, cooperatives are the only logical system for this sector. Hope the company adopts this soon, so that both farmers and consumers become shareholders. Only when Milk Mantra takes up such challenges will it succeed in connecting capitalism with the people.
DV Ramana is professor, Xavier Institute of Management, Bhubaneswar
 Advertisements

India will be made generator free: Power Ministerministers (government)
Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government will work to provide 24x7 power supply to the people of India during its tenure and work towards making India “generator and inverter free,” Piyush Goyal, Union Minister of State (with independent charge) for Power, Coal and New and Renewable Energy said.
Delivering The Economist’s The India Summit’s 2014 keynote address — “Powering India’s Future” in the capital, Mr. Goyal, said that the greatest challenge he faced when he started as power minister was the transmission and distribution of power. He assured, “The Modi government will work to provide 24X7 power supply within the span of their tenure, with the expectation of making the country generator and inverter free.”
The minister also stressed the need of renewable energy, a sector in which he expects to see $100 billion invested in 5 years.
He also urged large businesses to make investments in this sector and to utilize their CSR funds to support goals like skill development and building toilets.
Transmission and distribution are also likely to see investments of up to $50 billion in the next three to four years, according to the power minister.
Part of The Economist’s award winning country summit series, The India Summit 2014 assessed India’s new political landscape and what it means for business, the economy, foreign affairs, political bureaucracy and society. The theme of the event was —” Will India rise again under the new government?”
The event gathered a diverse audience of industry leaders, ministers, academicians and observers in the capital who discussed the hopes and expectations from the Modi government.
The panelists at the summit deliberated the expectations and challenges from Indian and foreign companies, women and other stakeholders and discussed how the new prime minister will approach the task of getting India’s economy moving again over the next five years.
“Overall we had a full day of strong and frank conversation, with some lively debates between panelists, as well as a great deal of interaction with the audience. That the room remained packed until the end was a testament to the usefulness of the day”, said Adam Roberts, The Economist South Asia bureau chief.
Gurcharan Das, author and columnist participating in the session on India’s challenges said that Prime Minister Modi had given wind to the sails of the bureaucracy who are now more upbeat and are working to clear projects. “Modi is an implementer. He may not be a classical reformer but he is a modernizer. He is more like Lee Kuan Yew,” he said.
In another session on India’s internet economy, senior leaders from the sector commented about how the internet has disrupted each and every sector because of its innovation and development of technology. “The penetration of internet market might not be very deep but in absolute numbers, it is huge and is still growing,” said Amit Agarwal, vice president and country manager, Amazon.
Foreign policy expert and distinguished fellow of Observer Research Foundation, C. Raja Mohan said, “For the Prime Minister, the foreign policy is all about boosting the Indian economy. If he can improve the domestic economy policy, his success will be bigger in foreign policy.”
The representatives from Indian industries felt that major changes will come about with the direction that the government takes, whether it is towards power, housing or other sectors, it will contribute to growth and GDP of the country.
Sidharth Birla, President FICCI, said, “It is important to concentrate on the breadth of development taking place, rather than the gradual or the incremental growth. Infrastructure will provide maximum jobs and the budget has addressed it wonderfully.”
Foreign companies representatives drew attention towards the challenges faced by them which are similar to the ones faced by Indian companies. Foreign companies would like to see quicker decision making to improve investor confidence.
Sashi Mukundan of British Petroleum speaking on the energy sector highlighted that, “Oil and Gas in India is still being imported although it has the resources under the ground. 180 billion dollars of imports are coming in which may grow to 200-300.”
He also said that “PM should set up energy advisory board where he can hear of international experiences.”
Speaking on the telecom sector, Marten Pieters, MD & CEO of Vodafone, said, “ Telecom sector needs more focus . Currently it maybe the focus for this government, but it is a mess. The thinking of how to get to the goals is not there even in the new government.”
Amitabh Kant, secretary, Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion, highlighted the government’s decisions to ease conducting business in India. “It has cut out rules, red-tapism and bureaucracy. Government is taking steps for fiscal credibility and consolidation, creating smart cities and improving confidence of investors. It is not against liberalization of trade policies. It will find the right path between food and trade policy.
“India has been a reluctant urbaniser, but this is changing. Strategy of this government is to have Chennai-Bangalore corridor, Amritsar-Kolkata corridor and others apart from DMIC leading to smart cities and hence manufacturing,” he said.
Jayant Sinha, member of parliament, highlighted the issue of FDI in multi-brand retail saying it should not be the litmus test.
Key sessions at the Summit 2014 focused on a wide array of discussions including what the new government can do to restore confidence and revive India’s corporate animal spirits; the current economic challenges including policy paralysis, stability, infrastructure, pollution and food security; how the internet has changed the Indian consumer landscape and how Internet-based firms are poised to be the new kings and queens of consumerism; if women can assert themselves among corporate hierarchies; if the new government’s reform efforts will get India’s growth rate moving towards double digits; if reform will help boost manufacturing and create enough jobs to absorb workers, and if the existing reforms are enough to ensure India is safe from a currency crisis.

Is Olive Gardens problem that its serving you too many breadsticksBy Sarah Halzack September 12 Follow @sarahhalzack
An Olive Garden Restaurant in Short Pump, Va. (AP Photo/Steve Helber)
The promise of endless salad and breadsticks has long been a key part of the Olive Garden experience, a signature opening act for your heaping bowl of fettucini alfredo or gooey plate of lasagna.
But an activist investor said this week that Darden, Olive Garden’s parent company, is doling out breadsticks and salad too liberally — wasting food and bloating costs, which the struggling casual dining chain can hardly afford.
The investor, Starboard Value, is not suggesting Olive Garden ditch the free bread and salad. It just says that the restaurants execute the policy poorly. But that critique was part of a broader attack by Starboard on everything from the non-Italian options on Olive Garden’s menu to the chain’s policy of not using salt in the pasta water. And it comes as Darden struggles to turn around the casual dining chain.
Darden reported Friday that sales at Olive Garden restaurants open at least a year had dipped 1.3 percent in the most recent quarter. The company’s stock, which has fallen more than 10 percent this year, took another stumble Friday, dropping another 2 percent in afternoon trading.
Starboard wants to clean house on Darden’s board of directors, and it has  nominated 12 new faces for  the 12-person board.   Darden has offered up four of its own nominees to refresh the board, citing concerns about destabilization if there were a complete overhaul. Shareholders will vote on the composition of the new board next month.
In the meantime, Starboard, which owns about eight percent of Darden’s shares, has taken aim at Olive Garden’s bread sticks. In an extensive presentation outlining a turnaround strategy for Darden, Starboard says that servers often bring too many breadsticks to the table.  They’re supposed to bring one breadstick per guest, plus one extra, but they’ve found servers are frequently piling on more. They’re also only supposed to bring more breadsticks to the table if customers ask for them.
That has added up to 675 million to 700 million breadsticks a year, an average of three per customer, says Starboard.  Since most customers do not eat three breadsticks, Starboard believes the company could save up to $5 million just by being more strategic about its unlimited breadstick offering.
The Starboard presentation is a top-to-bottom assessment of a restaurant chain in trouble.
Olive Garden is the largest and most recognizable brand in Darden’s fleet of restaurants, which includes chains such as Longhorn Steakhouse, Capital Grille and Bahama Breeze. (The company sold Red Lobster to a private-equity firm earlier this year.) Darden responded to Starboard’s plan with a statement that outlined the progress the company believes it has already made with its “brand renaissance plan” for an Olive Garden comeback.
“We remain open-minded toward all ideas that support long-term value creation for our shareholders and improve the dining experience for our guests,” said Gene Lee, Darden’s president and chief operating officer, in the statement. “While we will carefully and thoughtfully review Starboard’s plan, which has been promised by Starboard for some time, upon initial review, we believe many of the brand and cost optimization strategies are already being implemented across our company and are showing results.”
The company has revamped Olive Garden’s online ordering capabilities to better compete for take-out diners, piloted restaurant remodels, rethought its menu and is considering adding tablet computers to tables for easy ordering. Tests of the tablet strategy showed an increase in add-on item sales and faster table turnaround.
“I do think that they’re moving in the right direction, in general,” said Lynne Collier, an analyst for Sterne Agee who covers the restaurant industry.
Still, Starboard’s presentation did not mince words about how much it believes Darden has lost its way. It calls out the company for deteriorated food quality and “mushy, unappealing” pasta.
“Shockingly, Olive Garden no longer salts the water it uses to boil the pasta, merely to get a longer warranty on its pots,” the presentation says. “This appalling decision shows just how little regard management has for delivering a quality experience to guests.”
And while Starboard says Olive Garden’s breadsticks once “revolutionized the casual dining industry,” it argues their quality has deteriorated.
“The lower quality refined flour breadsticks served today are filled with more air and have less flavor (similar to hot dog buns.)”
A slide from Starboard’s presentation, “Transforming Darden Restaurants.”
Starboard’s evaluation includes plenty of other suggestions about the food, including trimming its long menu, getting rid of non-traditional Italian fare such as hamburgers and tapas, and simply preparing dishes more consistently across restaurants.
A slide from Starboard’s presentation, “Transforming Darden Restaurants.”
Dennis Lombardi, executive vice president of foodservice strategies at retail consultancy WD Partners, said re-focusing the menu is likely to be an effective way of boosting the business.
“I think they could do well to stay in a traditional Italian mode menu,” Lombardi said. “But I think what they can do is, within that category, continue to look at healthier options, lighter portions, things of that nature.”
The investor also notes that alcoholic beverages make up only eight percent of Olive Garden’s total restaurant sales, a lower share than seen at competitors such as Maggiano’s, Romano’s Macaroni Grill or Cheesecake Factory. Starboard suggests that launching a happy hour promotion and offering better training for servers about wine might be ways to help improve alcohol sales.
Even the end of the meal was critiqued: Starboard complained about Olive Garden’s fancy to-go containers, arguing that customers don’t need a dishwasher-safe carton.
 
Sarah Halzack is The Washington Post's national retail reporter. She has previously covered the local job market and the business of talent and hiring. She has also served as a Web producer for business and economics news.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410542338/1410542338000/1410542338 tracking: {authors=Sarah Halzack, blog_name=business, content_category=Business, in_url_headline=is-olive-gardens-problem-that-its-serving-you-too-many-breadsticks, post_id=1980, section={section=business, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 12, 2014 5:18:58 PM close date: Sep 26, 2014 5:18:58 PM

A rightward shift in Dalit politicsUpdated: September 13, 2014 10:33 IST
A rightward shift in Dalit politics
Ajay Gudavarthy
Tweet
The Hindu PRAGMATIC: Udit Raj joining the BJP or Lok Janshakti Party chief Ram Vilas Paswan (right) joining the coalition is perceived as part of a necessary move for the current Dalit agenda. Picture shows them at a rally in Jantar Mantar, New Delhi. Photo; Shiv Kumar Pushpakar
TOPICS
social issue
For Dalits, mobility by gaining acceptance looks far more tangible and achievable than the abstract and rather utopian idea of annihilating caste
Where is Dalit politics heading in India today? Dalits seem to have come a full circle from the agenda of “annihilation of caste” to “secularisation of caste,” and conversion from Hinduism to actively claiming the Hindu identity, as is evident from the spate of communal riots in Uttar Pradesh in the last few months which have been primarily between Dalits and Muslims. The dynamics in rural Dalit politics seems to have moved from challenging the upper castes to finding acceptance and becoming a part of the majoritarian polity that is under construction. Mobility by gaining acceptance looks far more tangible and achievable than the abstract and rather Utopian idea of annihilating caste. This acceptance can be perceived as a mobility as well as an undermining of the dominance of the upper castes by compelling them to recognise that they need Dalit support in rural hinterlands against the perceived aggression of Muslims, and that they are mutually interdependent.
Fractured identity
Dalit identity is itself internally fractured as the issue of conflicting interests, including the practice of untouchability between various Dalit sub castes, is coming to the fore and gaining political articulation. There is little that can hold the identity together, as was the case in the past. Further, the sustained mobilisation of Dalits by political parties, such as the Congress in the past, for various historical and sociological reasons, had benefited certain Dalit sub castes. Only those who feel the sense of having lost out are finding a new political space within the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). Similar is the case with the Other Backward Classes (OBCs), where mobilisation by parties such as the Samajwadi Party, the Rashtriya Janata Dal and the Janata Dal (United) benefited the dominant factions of the OBCs such as the Yadavs and the Kurmis. Though the JD(U) under Nitish Kumar made an extra effort by subdividing the OBCs into Extremely Backward Classes and Most Backward Classes in order to reach out to the less privileged, this nevertheless has come to be perceived to be happening under the tutelage and patronage of the dominant OBC castes which is no longer acceptable. The coming together of Mr. Lalu Prasad and Mr. Kumar is precisely to put brakes on theBJP’s efforts in weaning away the less privileged OBCs from their fold.
Further, the larger sub castes among the Dalits have mostly converted to Christianity and some to Islam, leaving the smaller sub castes the sole option of moving to the Hindu fold. Moreover, the vulnerability felt by smaller sub castes — not so much to the upper castes but to their fellow Dalit sub castes who have eclipsed them and got relatively more benefits — can be overcome by the assumed power of aligning with the dominant Hindu religion. The weakness of size and social backwardness is sought to be overcome by accruing power in joining the majoritarian political construct.
Finally, all this is being further strengthened by the change in strategy by the BJP and the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS). Both organisations are now considering the possibility of actively mobilising Dalits, without losing the support base of the so-called upper castes. While the BSP attempted this strategy bottom-up — by moving from the Bhujan to the Sarvajan, the BJP-RSS combine is attempting the same strategy top-down.
Story of urban Dalits
The story is slightly different with urban Dalits who moved to cities in search of education and who have benefited from affirmative policies of the last four decades. The emergent “new” middle classes from among these Dalit families continued to feel the pinch of caste within the anonymity of urban spaces. However, even this social group, if we go by recent poll statistics, voted for Narendra Modi in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar and is certainly moving towards the BJP. The possibility here seems to be that the new aspirational social group among Dalits wishes to be as much a part of the growth story as the traditional upper castes. Here, it is much less of the Hindu identity as it is about a perceived universalism of the benefits of growth and governance. This political language also provides anonymity and ostensibly sidelines and undermines the language of caste that comes as a relief to the urban Dalit.
This comes with a belief that globalisation cannot be understood with a simple-minded monolithic frame: that it is neoliberal in content; instead one needs to concede that it undermines caste-based labour practices and has opened new economic opportunities for Dalits, unlike the local or national capital. It is this mood that Udit Raj represents in the BJP. Mr. Raj was otherwise a champion of conversions of Dalits from Hinduism to Buddhism. It is also for this very reason that the Dalit movement today has developed as much contempt for the Left parties and left-based social mobilisation as the traditional upper caste social elites in India and the traditional right-wing political parties such as the BJP. This is yet another growing commonality between the Right and the neo-Dalit agenda in Indian politics. This is why Mr. Raj joining the BJP or Ram Vilas Paswan joining the coalition is perceived as part of a pragmatic move necessary for the current Dalit agenda, while Arundhati Roy writing on B.R. Ambedkar is perceived as an illegitimate appropriation and worse, as “poaching” from the outside. Here, strangely, Dalit politics uses the exclusivist Dalit identity and the need to be born a Dalit to speak of caste and Ambedkar.
Earlier, in the 1970s and even the 1980s, the tension between Dalit and Left politics was articulated around how to draw equivalence between caste and classes. Now, however, Dalit politics has a conflict with the very vision of the Left and the anti-capitalist agenda. They perceive this as yet another strategy of the upper castes, in the garb of Leftism, to dislodge the upper mobility of the Dalit entrepreneurs, while Ambedkar himself all along unequivocally argued against both Brahmanism and capitalism — twin processes that have perpetuated caste in India. The post-Ambedkarite Dalit politics, among other things, is gradually but unmistakably taking a rightward shift. This in turn would be decisive for the content and contours of democracy in India, for a long time to come.
(Ajay Gudavarthy is Assistant Professor, Centre for Political Studies, JNU.)

Govt proposes regional telecom regulation system for SaarcGovt proposes regional telecom regulation system for Saarc
M Rajendran , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 13, 2014
First Published: 01:21 IST(13/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:30 IST(13/9/2014)
Comments
The Indian government is likely to propose setting up of a regional regulatory system for the eight SAARC countries to manage the cross border spillage of mobile signals.
The system will be established in hub-and-spoke model similar to SAARC Terrorist Offences Monitoring Desk (STOMD) and SAARC Drug Offences Monitoring Desk (SDOMD), both of which are situated in Colombo.
“We would be revisiting a concept paper floated in 2009,” a highly placed source in communications ministry said.
At present, there is no mechanism, regional or bilateral, to address the issue of mobile signals spilling over the border. “The problem is being addressed in an ad-hoc manner through our high-commissions in SAARC member states. The issue can be addressed politically and technical solutions can flow from it. Hence we plan to make this proposal soon,” said the source in telecom ministry.
A number of issues related to this are currently pending with various security agencies and ministry of external affairs, ministry of defence and telecommunications engineering centre.
Once the inputs from all the agencies are received, the government will frame a draft and circulate it to the SAARC member states.
“Technical solutions like installing jammers or managing the network for controlling signals and spectrum bands can be done based on discussion and collaboration and cooperation of member states,” a source said.

India stands ground on food security at global finance ministers  conclaveIndia stands ground on food security at global finance ministers' conclave
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 13, 2014
First Published: 01:28 IST(13/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:35 IST(13/9/2014)
Comments
India stood its ground and drew a hard bargain at a global finance ministers' conclave, successfully convincing other countries on why New Delhi chose to block the so-called Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA) if it did not come bundled with a roadmap on food subsidies.
In July, the WTO failed to roll out a global agreement to ease customs rules or the TFA as India said it would not sign the treaty unless concerns on food subsidies were addressed.
"The issue of implementation of TFA in WTO and India's perspective on it was well presented," a finance ministry statement said on Friday after the eleventh meeting of finance ministers of Asia and Europe (ASEM).
India successfully blocked an attempt by developed countries to include concern on TFA's non-implementation without mentioning India's food security concerns in the ASEM's draft communique.
Finance secretary Arvind Mayaram got the support of countries such as Pakistan, Bangladesh and Russia have supported India's standpoint.
The communique also refers to BRICS and the disappointment over poor progress of IMF reforms.

Getting real about jihadi terrorUpdated: September 13, 2014 00:49 IST
Getting real about jihadi terror
R. K. Raghavan
unrest, conflicts and war
India cannot afford to be oblivious to the growing danger from jihadi terror outfits because of the implications for its domestic stability. Tackling this calls for monitoring cadre mobilisation, ensuring better security preparedness and mobilising religious leadership in fostering harmony
U.S. President Barack Obama’s recent television address, on a strategy to combat the violence and influence unleashed by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) couldn’t have come a day or a moment too soon. What he said may not have been spectacular or path-breaking in its content, but the categorical announcement of all-out air strikes in the affected areas reveal a steely resolve to destroy the monster that the terrorist outfit — a splinter group from the al-Qaeda — has become.
Both Mr. Obama and the Syrian President, Bashar al-Assad, are under great stress following the phenomenal rise of ISIS. They are bewildered by the complexity and the way in which it has shaped itself. Outsmarting the parent outfit, al-Qaeda, in just a few years of its existence, ISIS has shown itself to be even more brutal and acutely driven by a fundamentalism that ostensibly strives for a Caliphate, whatever such a body means. With a cadre strength of about 10,000 it seems to have the resources — control over a few towns in Syria and Iraq as also some oilfields — and the determination to hold on to its gains against the odds. Its achievements have been spectacular and have lured many away from the al-Qaeda, whose presence in the region could become nominal if the trend continues.
Mobilisation trends
There is now unassailable evidence that ISIS has managed to draw substantial support from highly motivated youth. What is even more serious is the arrival into Syria and Iraq of an estimated 1,000 young men from abroad, especially the United States and the United Kingdom. This is however not something new. We do know of how a large number of youth from the West became fascinated by the al-Qaeda in the late 1990s and in the days following 9/11, with many even having received training in Afghanistan and Pakistan. One sees a revival of the trend after a short lull following the liquidation of bin Laden in 2011. Only very few countries, including those in Africa and Asia, can be blind to this sinister development because of its serious implications for their own domestic stability.
What should be of great concern to India is the report of the body of an Indian youth — Arif Majeed, an engineering student from Maharashtra — having been found recently in Mosul, Iraq. The son of a doctor from Kalyan, he is said to have gone to Iraq sometime ago, along with three of his friends, presumably on a jihadist mission. There is no news yet of what happened to the other three. This report confirms the existence of the regular movement of youth from India to the Middle East on religious-cum-terrorist pursuits. This again should not come as a surprise to our intelligence and law-enforcement officials. An investigation of the activities of the Indian Mujahedeen (IM) in the past few years has shown that some young men, especially from Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh, had been drawn to the cause and were maintaining contacts outside the country. The IM’s role in terrorist adventures, inspired by the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) and Pakistan’s Inter Services Intelligence (ISI), is all too well known for us to ignore the dangerous implications of this on our national security.
Challenge before intelligence
It is in this context that we need to know whether there is the possibility of a link between the IM and ISIS. This is a real challenge before the IB and State intelligence agencies. At this stage, this proposition could seem preposterous, but the evolving picture is one of many such dangerous possibilities. Our intelligence agencies are no doubt sharp and clued in. The IB, the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) and the State police should get their act together to monitor the situation and take follow-up action. Unfortunately, the weakest link is the police, especially in the form of police stations. With the exception of a few States, the priorities and preoccupation of the police have been skewed, with the accent on perpetuating the fortunes of the ruling dispensation, rather than in taking care of public security.
State of preparedness
What is crucial is to keep an eye on all those travelling to the troubled Middle East region and their purpose of visit. This exercise could lead to some harassment of those who have genuine business to undertake in the area, but this should be no ground for lowering our vigil. We have a new National Security Adviser who knows his job well. His forte is counter-terrorism against religious fundamentalism, and this gives us some optimism that important happenings will not be missed out.
“Every taxpaying citizen is entitled to information on how his contribution to the government treasury is being utilised towards enhancing his safety”
On the negative side however is the poor track record of our State intelligence and police agencies. We have had far too many incidents of terror in our major cities since the 9/11 attack for us to be confident that our law enforcement agencies will be able to thwart any IM-LeT-ISI-ISIS joint manoeuvre to disturb peace in India. Memories of the 26/11 attack on Mumbai have not faded away either and should serve as a reminder to avoid repeating the mistakes that were glaring then. Both the Union Home Ministry and the Maharashtra government have no doubt been sensitive enough to beef up the manpower and equipment needs of the Mumbai police. Some evidence is available to prove that these steps have strengthened the capabilities of the city police substantially. Notwithstanding these steps, there is still a sense of unease that the mindset of the average policeman at the forefront remains unchanged. Also, till a few years ago, the politicisation of the force and a more than sly appeasement of rival religious groups within and outside the police were rampant. This undermined professionalism in tackling both conventional crime and terror. Acts such as taking out processions in defiance of prohibitory orders and inflammatory speeches capable of inciting religious bigotry in Mumbai shockingly went unpunished in the name of sheer political expediency. Nothing could be worse for policing at grass-roots level. Things have improved, but only slightly. This is no guarantee however that major terrorist designs will be unearthed in quick time and defeated.
Training in handling new equipment is another grey area. In our view, there is a need for greater transparency in this area. Every taxpaying citizen is entitled to information on how his contribution to the government treasury is being utilised towards enhancing his safety. There is nothing wrong in a government being more forthcoming in sharing details with the community on the state of our security preparedness. The obsession with secrecy in this area that we often see is odd.
Pro-active steps
Trickles of information emanating from some parts of the country point to sections of our youth being indoctrinated by propaganda from the Middle East. Media material such as compact discs with material that indirectly provokes religious animosity have come to notice. This is disturbing. There is at least one report that speaks of ISIS using the Internet to disseminate pernicious ideology and training material. This is vividly reminiscent of the days when the al-Qaeda was active. There is only a little that we can do to prevent the propagation of mischief in cyberspace. What we can certainly do is to use the same medium to counter false propaganda.
There is substantial and credible leadership in religious communities across the nation. In the context of the al-Qaeda’s recent announcement of the setting up of a branch in the subcontinent, all religious groups must sink their dogmatism and petty differences and take up this momentous challenge at a time when India faces immense danger from terrorism. The objective should be to fight prejudice and violence, and promote inter-religion harmony and understanding. The police are as well equipped as the general administration in fighting terror. They must be active in this regard.
We are happy that the Mumbai police and a few other law enforcement agencies are using social media to disseminate public safety information. The same medium can be employed effectively to counter vicious terrorist propaganda that is unabashedly sectarian. Or else we could face a repeat of 26/11 and all that emanated from it.
(Dr. R.K. Raghavan is a former CBI Director, and D. Sivanandhan, a former Commissioner of Police, Mumbai, and former DGP, Maharashtra.)

Independence of judiciary is dear to me  it is non-negotiable: CJI Lodhajustice and rights
The public trust in independence of judiciary and its inherent strength will ensure the failure of efforts made to encroach into judicial domain, Chief Justice of India R.M. Lodha said on Saturday.
“What is dear to me is the independence of judiciary… the independence of judiciary is non-negotiable,” the Chief Justice said in his inaugural speech at the Rule of Law Convention 2014 on the topic ‘Next Level of Legal Reforms in Legal Profession and the Justice System for a Resurgent India’.
“Judiciary has inherent strength. No effort will succeed in taking away the independence of the judiciary,” CJI Lodha told an audience of serving and retired Supreme Court judges and senior lawyers, including legal luminaries like Anil Divan and Soli J. Sorabjee.
The Chief Justice, who is retiring on September 27, has presided over a period of foundational change when the highest judiciary’s 21-year-old prerogative to appoint judges to the constitutional courts of the country, exercised through the collegium system, is lost with the parliament clearing the National Judicial Appointments Commission (NJAC).
As he speaks, the 121st Constitutional Amendment Bill has been forwarded to the State Legislatures to endow the NJAC with constitutional status. The NJAC gives politicians an equal role in the appointment of judges to the Supreme Court and high courts.
Refusing to specifically talk on the NJAC, the Chief Justice instead spoke of his recent meeting with Dr. Chris Stephens, the Chairman of the U.K Judicial Appointments Commission, an independent organisation sponsored by the Ministry of Justice there.
He said as per the U.K. law, the chairman of the Commission should be a lay man. Judges to the Supreme Court and substantial part of the Court of Appeals there are appointed by this Commission led by a common man.
“He (Stephens) said they have been able to achieve transparency in judicial appointments. However, the quality of judges has not changed,” CJI Lodha recounted.
Similarly, he recounted how at a Johannesburg conference, foreign dignitaries were in awe on finding out that the Indian Supreme Court “is empowered to annul even a Constitutional amendment passed by the parliament”.
The CJI said the public in India reposes great faith in the judiciary and “understands that judiciary’s institutional independence cannot be touched”.
“There will be Rule of Law only when judicial independence is protected,” the Chief Justice said.
On the other hand, he said it is the duty of the judges to remain incorruptible.
“There is growing corruption today. There are people who will play all sorts of tricks and tempt judge. Do not fall for this. We have to ensure that judiciary is corruption-free, and then Rule of Law will follow,” Chief Justice Lodha concluded.

Chinas sick billionairesSign up for our morning news, opinion and markets data round up from the FT and around the web . We have two emails per day - London and New York morning espresso (sent at approx 6am and 11am GMT).
Pretty much everything you need to know about beyondbrics is in our About this site page. But briefly:
There is an overall beyondbrics RSS feed , as well as feeds for all our countries, tags and authors. Learn more in our full RSS guide .
All posts are published in UK time.
Get in touch with us - your comments, advice and even complaints. Find out how to contact the team.
See the full list of FT blogs .
beyondbrics team

Ice bucket challenge: the cold facts© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/57cb7f54-393f-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Putting masterclass with Sam TorranceSeptember 12, 2014 5:26 pm
Putting with Sam Torrance
By Mark Bailey
The champion golfer enjoyed the finest moment of his career in the Ryder Cup – holing the putt, in 1985, that sealed Europe’s first victory in 28 years. Now Europe’s vice-captain, he shows Mark Bailey how to sharpen his short game at Gleneagles
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.

The Killings Sofie GrblSeptember 12, 2014 12:18 pm
Sofie Gråbøl, queen of Scots
By Alice Fishburn
The former star of ‘The Killing’ is back at work after a fight against breast cancer, playing the Danish wife of a Scottish king
©Jasper Fry
Our national addiction to the box set has had one particularly strange side effect. After hours spent in front of The Bridge, Borgen and The Killing, most Brits are now convinced that they speak Danish with some fluency. Sofie Gråbøl, also known as The Killing’s Danish detective Sarah Lund, is not quite so impressed. “People are very proud when they can say tak – I’m like, phhhh. I try to learn hard Scottish words and this is what comes back? It’s such an easy one,” she says. She goes on to recite a line from her new play, full of “th’s” and “t’s”, a real English tongue-twister. “A cathedral is a great beast we build of stone that carries us inside it like a whale swimming through the centuries towards the throne of heaven,” she intones and, for a minute, her character – Queen Margaret of Denmark – flickers in the interview room. Then Gråbøl stops and laughs. “And I get tak in return!”
Aside from our inability to say anything other than “thanks” in her mother tongue, Gråbøl is thrilled to be here in the UK. Fresh from the enormous and unexpected success that was The Killing , she was diagnosed with breast cancer and had to take a year off work entirely. “The place I found myself in was so dark,” she says. “It was just a question of getting to that other side.” Her return this year also marks her first appearance on stage outside Denmark. Gråbøl plays Queen Margaret in James III: The True Mirror, the third in a trilogy of new Rona Munro plays that have been running at the Edinburgh Festival and are now at the National Theatre. Their historical examination of Scottish identity has, as Gråbøl puts it, hit a “golden moment” in our fractured national psyche.
More
Ornithology – climate threat to American birds
For someone whose work attracts such fanaticism, Gråbøl is refreshingly low key. When asked for her age (46), she has to calculate it, muttering… “well, I was born in ’68” under her breath. She arrives at the National having forgotten her lunch. She commutes in by Tube – something that must come as a shock to the average Londoner who knows that Sarah Lund’s experiences on public transport rarely end without some sort of gun chase. With short hair – post chemotherapy – and the considered English of someone for whom it is a second language, she has just returned from a week in Denmark with her two children. “I’m homesick but I always say about London that I wouldn’t want to be homesick in any other place,” she says.
Except maybe for Scotland. Gråbøl took on the role of Queen Margaret, the Danish wife of James III who brought Orkney and the Shetland islands as her dowry, because she loved Munro’s writing so much. “She has such a strong sense of the complexity of human beings.” It has launched Gråbøl into a completely unfamiliar Scottish world. Her own accent might be “non-existent” but she is proud of her newfound ability to distinguish between Fife and Edinburgh dialects and in awe of her fellow cast members’ ability to work 14-hour days and then go to the pub. “I don’t know what metal they’re made out of… It’s a Scottish thing, I think. They have this very strong sense of group and they get energised from that.”
The question of personal and national identity underpins the play, highlighted by the perspective that Gråbøl’s character brings as a foreigner. “It’s like a different colour that makes their colour stand out brighter because you put them up against each other.” One of her lines about the Scots – “You’ve got f***-all except attitude” – has produced a strong audience reaction as the dilemma of Scottish identity plays out simultaneously on the national stage. Gråbøl admits to being completely fascinated by the referendum but won’t be drawn on her own views. “I don’t see the plays as part of the political debate. I see them as strong drama and strong drama is timeless,” she says. “We play Shakespeare in Denmark as well and I bet you play Ibsen and Strindberg. Strong drama speaks across borders and centuries.”
I don’t see the plays as part of the political debate. I see them as strong drama and strong drama speaks across borders and centuries
Like Margaret, she has, however, formed her own theories on our national characters. “We like a flat structure in Demark,” she says, miming a level plain with her hands. Then she stretches her arms as far apart as they will go. This is the English. “One of the things that fascinates me about the English culture is that you are so civilised, you’re so controlled and then on the other hand no one is madder than you. You scream in your parliament. They sit and yell and, to us, it’s mad. But it’s also what makes you so loveable, that you have both extremes.”
©Robert Day/National Theatre
In 'James III: The True Mirror'
Gråbøl does not seem like a yeller. She describes herself as a homebound, unadventurous sort, happy leading her life in familiar surroundings: “I’m a very safe-seeking person and it costs me a lot actually to put myself in risky, daring situations.” She stumbled into acting by accident when, aged 17, she saw an ad for a film in a newspaper. “I was bored. I didn’t really know what to do and that just sounded fun to try,” she recalls. Gråbøl has been working ever since, though it took her years to decide that what she was doing every day was, actually, what she wanted to be professionally. Now, however, she is a great faller in love with her projects, which provide her with an outlet: “I live my passion and my adventurous side out in my work.”
You always look for something that will shake you up. You’re always looking for that uncomfortable place. It’s a kind of masochism
One of the things that pushes her into new roles is a fear of getting typecast. “You always look for something that will shake you up a little. You’re always looking for that uncomfortable place. It’s weird. It’s a kind of masochism,” she says. The enormous success of The Killing could have led to an avalanche of similar scripts. But instead came the James trilogy and a new TV role in the upcoming drama Fortitude – starring alongside Stanley Tucci, Michael Gambon and others. “I play a governor there and here a queen. Often in Denmark I’m cast as the woman opposing the system. I rarely play the people that hold the power. Maybe it’s a maturity thing.”
Fortitude, which was largely filmed in London, was Gråbøl ’s first project after her treatment for breast cancer. “Honestly, when you’re that ill, it’s not really a question of what am I going to do after, it’s a question of is there an after? So things are boiled down to greater importance,” she says. She arrived on set straight after the last big operation. “I really, really felt embraced by a lovely group of people … It was a very nice coming back to life,” she remembers.
©Allstar
As Sarah Lund in 'The Killing'
This year abroad has given Gråbøl something else: freedom. In Denmark, there is a familiar face in every crew or on every stage. In the UK, hearing tak is as close to home as she gets. “One of the great things about going somewhere completely unknown to me is that … in a way you’re one big question mark, which is a lovely place to start, the ultimate place to start really,” she says. “There’s been an immense freedom for me. There’s been no one here to remind me who I was, who I am.” So, a year out then to play the woman in authority, to put illness behind her, to reinvent herself a little and, ultimately, to return to her much-loved Copenhagen and see what happens next. “I have enjoyed it immensely,” she says. “I really, really feel that life has stroked me on the hair.”
‘The James Plays’, National Theatre, London, September 10-October 29; nationaltheatre.org.uk ; Alice Fishburn is deputy editor of FT Weekend Magazine
Photographs: Jasper Fry; Allstar; Robert Day/National Theatre
Related Topics

Sundaram Investment revises exit priceUpdated: September 13, 2014 23:39 IST
Sundaram Investment revises exit price
N. Anand
economy, business and finance
Sundaram Investment Ltd (SIL) has revised the final exit offer price to its shareholders from Rs.48 to Rs.63 per share (Rs.5 face value), based on the valuation done by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu India Private Limited.
A resolution to this effect has been placed for shareholders’ approval at the 10 annual general meeting to be held here on September 29.
As of August 15, 2014, SIL has 14,139 shareholders holding nearly 14.48 lakh equity shares representing 7.68 per cent of share capital, according to SIL’s annual report for 2013-14.
Considering the illiquidity of the shares, the board decided to provide final exit option at a price of Rs.63 (Rs.5 face value plus Rs.58 premium) for a consideration of Rs.9.12 crore, company director H. Lakshmanan said in a notice to the shareholders.
The shareholders of Sundaram Clayton Ltd. (SCL) were allotted shares in SIL under the composite scheme of arrangement during August 2012.
SIL proceeded to acquire 36.88 lakh shares at Rs.48 per share through Sundaram Engineering Products Services Ltd.
But, the later could acquire only 22.38 lakh shares, representing 11.86 per cent.

Spotlight on inequality in divided Seoul© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0957c9ba-343d-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Flipkart  Snapdeal  Amazon to battle it out for Google s Android One in IndiaMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Car quirk quandary for MyanmarSeptember 14, 2014 8:55 am
Car quirk poses quandary for Myanmar
By Michael Peel in Yangon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5a8cd7d2-37c9-11e4-971c-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ukraine vows to protect delayed EU pactSeptember 14, 2014 2:38 pm
Ukraine vows to protect EU trade pact after agreeing to delay
By Neil Buckley in Kiev
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/007264e0-3c08-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hollande confronts rising sense of crisisSeptember 14, 2014 1:59 pm
Hollande confronts mounting sense of crisis in France
By Hugh Carnegy in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d8f9b6e8-399b-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why China fears a Scottish YesBlog guide
Gideon Rachman and colleagues offer commentary on international affairs.
Welcome. If you have yet to register on FT.com you will be asked to do so before you begin to read FT blogs. However, our posts remain free.
Follow @ftworldnews
Gideon became chief foreign affairs columnist for the Financial Times in July 2006. He joined the FT after a 15-year career at The Economist, which included spells as a foreign correspondent in Brussels, Washington and Bangkok. He also edited The Economist’s business and Asia sections.
His particular interests include American foreign policy, the European Union and globalisation
To comment, please register for free with FT.com and read our policy on submitting comments .  Contact gideon.rachman@ft.com about The World blog.
See the full list of FT blogs .

China tightens grip on Hong KongSeptember 3, 2014 2:42 pm
One country, two systems – and one puppet master
By David Pilling
The presence of Li, an emissary from Beijing, has relegated the territory’s officials to irrelevance
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ffb50116-3347-11e4-85f1-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FIIs pour in Rs 17K cr in Sept | Net FDI inflows to top $30 bn: NomuraFIIs pour in Rs 17,000 crore in two weeks of September
By PTI | 15 Sep, 2014, 02.00AM IST
Analysts maintain that overseas investors have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Continuing to bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have pumped in a whopping Rs 17,000 crore in the Indian capital market since the beginning of this month.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 6,665 crore ($1.1 billion) from September 1 to 12, while they infused a net amount of Rs 10,432 crore ($1.72 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 17,098 crore ($2.8 billion), as per the latest official data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub--accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market. This includes a net investment of Rs 85,000 crore in equities and Rs 1.12 lakh crore into debt market.
FIIs, the main driver of the equity market, have helped push up the benchmark BSE Sensex by 1.58 per cent so far this month and is now moving above 27,000 level.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $204 billion, or Rs 9.88 lakh crore, in nearly 22 year period.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and about $44 billion in debt markets.
From June, FIIs along with sub--accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

TCS opens Saudi Arabia s first all-women BPO centre; to hire 3K staff in 3 yearsBPO centre
(REPRESENTATIVE IMAGEIndia's…)
MUMBAI: India's largest software exporter TCS today said it has opened Saudi Arabia's first all-female business process centre, which will provide employment to up to 3,000 women in three years.
Saudi Aramco and GE are the centre's first customers, TCS said in a statement here.
Both the clients have already surpassed their target of recruiting 100 women each, while the total number of those employed at the centre stands at 300, it said.
The Riyadh-based 3,200-sq mt facility will offer customers specialised finance and accounting, human resources, materials supply and office services to improve their operational efficiency, it said.
The centre was announced in September last year. Saudi Arabia's Commerce and Industry Minister Tawfiq bin Fawzan Al Rabiah, Deputy Governor of Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority Prince Saud bin Khalid, Saudi Aramco's President and Chief Executive Khalid Al Falih and GE's Vice Chairman John Rice, were present on the occasion, the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Flipkart  Snapdeal to battle for Android One...You are here: Home > Collections
Flipkart, Snapdeal, Amazon to battle it out for Android One market
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 04.47PM IST
Tags:
Amazon
(Motorola and Xiaomi have…)
NEW DELHI: Competition in the booming multi billion dollar Indian smartphone market is further set to intensify with e-commerce giants Amazon , Flipkart and Snapdeal all set to launch Google's much-awaited sub-USD 100 (around Rs 6,000) handsets tomorrow.
Google is launching the Android One devices in India tomorrow.
In June this year, the US-based tech giant had announced the 'Android One' initiative to bring in under-USD 100 handsets aimed at bringing the next one billion population to the Android operating system ecosystem.
While homegrown online marketplace majors Flipkart and Snapdeal will be exclusively selling Android One smartphones from Spice and Karbonn, respectively, US-based e-commerce giant Amazon's Indian arm will sell handsets from Micromax.
All the three handset makers have come out with teasers of their launch.
It is not the first time that device makers have partnered with e-commerce firms for launching their products.
Motorola and Xiaomi have successfully launched their smartphones on Flipkart, while Spice, Micromax and Intex have launched their devices on Snapdeal.
Apart from apparels, electronics -- especially mobile phones -- are one of the highest selling items on e-commerce sites.
According to research firm IDC, smartphone sales in the country grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn.
In the second quarter of 2014, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India. Though Samsung is the leader with a 29 per cent market share, Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent) and LAVA (6 per cent) are close competitors.
While Android is the dominant operating system globally, other OS' like Windows and iOS (Apple) are also gaining traction. Also, newer platforms like Firefox and Tizen may emerge as strong challengers to Google's platform.
Google's attempts to also important as it aims to capture a larger share of the entry-level segment.
Recently, Firefox (in partnership with Spice and Intex) launched two new smartphones, priced below Rs 2,300, aimed at those looking to upgrade from feature phones to smartphones.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Editorial: Modi SEZ right thingMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Defence must vacate spectrum for wireless broadbandMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

David Haines  Brother: ISIS Is  Not About Religiondavid haines  brother: isis is  not about religion
E-commerce to drive advertising spend this festive seasonViveat Susan Pinto |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:48 AM IST
E-commerce to drive advertising spend this festive season
This festive season could see a barrage of ads from companies such as Jabong, Myntra, Snapdeal, Flipkart, Amazon, OLX and Quikr. Joining them will be other e-commerce entities, too, as the festive season prods these firms to peddle aggressively. E-commerce, Rs 1,000 crore as an advertising category, is expected to  bring at least Rs 200 crore in ad spending next month, when there would be both Dussehra and Diwali. These estimates have been made by senior media planners and those who buy advertis
This festive season could see a barrage of ads from companies such as Jabong, Myntra, Snapdeal, Flipkart, Amazon, OLX and Quikr. Joining them will be other e-commerce entities, too, as the festive season prods these firms to peddle aggressively. E-commerce, Rs 1,000 crore as an advertising category, is expected to bring at least Rs 200 crore in ad spending next month, when there would be both Dussehra and Diwali. These estimates have been made by senior media planners and those who buy advertising time on behalf of companies. "While traditional categories such as white goods, automobiles, handsets, retail and real estate are also expected to mark their presence aggressively during the festive season, e-commerce will see the highest percentage growth during the period," said Jai Lala, head, trading & partnerships at GroupM, the country's largest media agency.
The company recently revised its advertising growth forecast for the year from 11.6 per cent to 12.5 per cent. It did this due to heavy spending from a clutch of categories such as e-commerce, handset makers, fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies and political parties in the first half of the calendar year. Joining them in the second half, says the agency, would be automobiles, retail and durables. According to Basabdatta Chowdhury, chief executive officer (CEO) at Madison's Platinum Media, telecom and home decor are also expected to be active in the festive period. Aircel, Vodafone and Asian Paints have launched their festive campaigns in the past few weeks. While some media planners doubt how much FMCG will contribute to ad growth in the second half (in the first half, it was 14 per cent, overall, according to GroupM), what is not in question is the contribution of e-commerce.
Thanks to the likely heavy spending by e-commerce and telecom handset manufacturers, October alone is expected to see ad growth of 20-25 per cent over September, a big peak, given that the urban recovery most companies are counting on is expected to begin only towards the end of this financial year. "FMCG is not a big spender during the festive season and other categories such as durables are expected to be there because of the seasonality aspect. It is really e-commerce and handset makers that will be the big spenders during the festive season," says Anupriya Acharya, Group CEO, ZenithOptimedia India.
Most companies which are big spenders during the festive season are putting the final touches to their campaigns. White goods makers, for instance, are expected to start theirs' in the next fortnight, focusing on discounts, new products and gifts. Handset makers and automobile companies are readying those for new launches, while e-commerce firms are expected to launch aggressive deals during the period.
BIG MONEY HERE
According to estimates, e-commerce, Rs 1,000 crore as an advertising category, is expected to bring at least Rs 200 crore in ad spending next month
 
Aircel, Vodafone and Asian Paints have launched their festive campaigns in the past few weeks
 
October alone is expected to see ad growth of 20-25 per cent over September
 Advertisements

Chinas misleading economic indicatorsTo be fair to Mr Davies, the concept of "risk appetite" is still in a state of flux, esp. when it has more commonly been used in the investing and financial markets, rather than the more holistic area …
FT's latest comment and analysis news

Qataris sued over US Embassy redevelopmentSeptember 14, 2014 6:05 pm
Qataris sued for £10m over former US embassy deal
By Kate Allen and Jane Croft
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a173712-39d4-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Air France pilots set to strike over paySeptember 14, 2014 5:03 pm
Air France pilots set to strike on Monday over pay
By Adam Thomson in Paris
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4c2320a6-3c11-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Industrialist pays Rs 8.5 lakh for fancy numberMicrosoft Corporation to buy  Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
Microsoft Corp buys Mojang whose Minecraft is top paid app on Apple Inc  iOS, Google Inc Android.

Anointed head seer of Gorakshnath Peeth  Adityanaths political clout set toriseAdityanath in Gorakhpur on Sunday. (Source: Express photo)
Written by Lalmani Verma | Lucknow | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:47 am
BJP MP Yogi Adityanath was Sunday anointed the Peethadheeshwar (head seer) of Gorakshnath Peeth in Gorakhpur as sants from different parts of the country, including Haryana and Rajasthan, performed rituals.
As per the tradition, the anointment took place just before the body of Mahant Avaidyanath, the former Peethadheeshwar and chief priest of the Gorakshnath temple, was buried. Avaidyanath, who had been at the forefront of the movement for Ram temple in Ayodhya, had died on Friday after prolonged illness.
The BJP MP’s elevation as “Peethadheeshwar Mahant Yogi Adityanath” is set to spread his political clout from the eastern UP to other parts of the country as the Gorakshnath Peeth has followers cutting across caste and community lines in several states.
Gorakshnath temple (also known as Gorakhnath temple) has a large following in Nepal too and several sants from the country were present during the “abhishek” (anointment) of Adityanath. Head of Ram Janmabhoomi Nyas Nritya Gopal Das, BJP state president Laxmikant Bajpai, senior BJP leader Vinay Katiyar, RSS’s Kshetra Pracharak Shiv Narain, VHP organisation secretary Dinesh Chandra and various other BJP MPs and sants were also present during the anointment.
“Now, Adityanathji is free to take decisions on religious as well as political issues. He will move across the country to meet senior seers and sants who had been following Avaidyanath and have faith in Gorakshnath temple. This will certainly elevate Adityanath politically too as a BJP leader in other parts of the country,” a senior BJP leader said.

Letters to the editor: Time toactPrint
Posted: September 15, 2014 12:44 am
This refers to the editorial ‘It’s high time’ (IE, September 12). The Indian Express has hit the nail right on the head by emphasising the need to usher in comprehensive legislation and addressing the elephant in the room. The Supreme Court judgment that recognised the rights of transgenders has set the ball rolling on anti-discrimination: it is now the responsibility of the legislature to give shape to the vision of a society free of any discrimination on the basis of gender, in line with the fundamental rights guaranteed by our Constitution. Efforts to amend outdated gender laws would not only usher in a generational shift in government policy but would also lend voice to many aspirations within a new social order. Only then will the government’s motto “the development of all, with the efforts of all” (sabka saath, sabka vikas) acquire true meaning.
— Rajshree Mandal (Mumbai)
No sign of better days
The article, ’Poor marks for transparency’ (IE, September 12) by Anjali Bhardwaj and Amrita Johri expressed some legitimate concerns over the government’s lack of visible sincerity in dealing with rampant corruption, as well as the failure to address inadequate service delivery systems despite the promise of “achhe din” for the common man. It is also intriguing to learn that the office of the Chief Information Commissioner has been headless since August 22, when the last incumbent called it a day. The possible fall out of such “inaction” can only be imagined. While one can understand that 100 days is too short a time for a new dispensation to restructure and put in operation a transparent and accountable mechanism to meet the genuine aspirations of the people, there is little yet to prove this government really means business.
— S.K. Gupta (Panchkula)
Eye-opening
This refers to ‘Our own jihad’ by Mariane Pearl (IE, September 12). Reading excerpts from Pearl’s lecture at this year’s Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards was a humbling and enlightening experience. The world would be a peaceful place if “ethics” were people’s religion and they tried harder to understand and help humanity. Pearl is also right in saying that true acts of courage are invisible to others. It should be built into our personality to question the obvious and to discard preconceived ideas. Parents have a role in instilling “a solid, seeking spirit” in children for a better tomorrow.
—  Ritu Alok (Lucknow)
Cease and desist
Rajmohan Gandhi’s article ‘UP 2014, like Punjab 1947’ (IE, September 12) raises valid concerns about the polarising flames currently engulfing UP. Reaping short-term electoral benefits at the expense of driving society asunder will only hurt India and its biggest asset: our unity despite our diversity. It is high time political parties across the board realised this and changed their tack.
— Aatish Sharma (Mohali)

Fight over Amethi palace: Cop dies inclashConstable Vijay Pratap Mishra being taken to hospital. He succumbed to injuries. (Express photo)
Written by Maulshree Seth | Lucknow | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:43 am
A constable died of gunshot wound and seven people were injured as the fight over a palace in Amethi between Congress MP Sanjay Singh and his son Anant Vikram Singh took a bloody turn on Sunday when a clash broke out between the latter’s supporters and policemen.
Amethi district administration had deployed 400 police personnel at Ramnagar village to ensure “safe entry” for Sinh and his second wife Ameeta in “Bhupati Bhawan”. However, a group of locals along with Sinh’s first wife Garima and her son Anant (36) tried to stop the Congress MP from entering his ancestral house, leading to the clash between the policemen and the villagers.
The police used batons, tear gas and fired rubber bullets to disperse the stone-pelting crowd outside the palace. During this melee, someone from the crowd allegedly fired at constable Vijay Pratap Mishra, 50, resulting in his death. The police have so far detained 18 people in connection with the violence and were also likely to file an FIR against Anant.
Sources said Sinh and his second wife Ameeta, who reached Amethi from Lucknow residence, were safely escorted by the district police to the palace.
Apart from the barricading the palace, three companies of Police Armed Constabulary, 125 constables, 25 sub-inspectors, four circle officers, eight station officers, one additional superintendent of police along with district administration officers were deployed to ensure safe entry for the “royal couple” inside their palace, claimed SSP Hira Lal.
Sinh and Ameeta had not visited the palace since Garima along with her children —Anant and two daughters —and grandchildren entered the palace on July 25, 2014 after a gap of 18 years, claiming their “share in the ancestral property”. While Sinh claims he had divorced his first wife before marrying Ameeta, who is also an ex-Congress MLA, Garima maintains that she was still the “lawfully wedded wife” of the MP.
The SSP said, “The entire incident has been videographed and we would lodge FIRs and arrest culprits accordingly. As there were reports that they would visit the palace, crowd started gathering outside. We tried to disperse them, but they resorted to stone-pelting following which we had to use a bit of force as well.”
He said that the crowd was reportedly mobilised by Anant and the constable was shot from a “country made weapon”. Meanwhile, Anant, who is still inside the palace along with his mother, alleged, “My father had met Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav and police was taking one-sided action. Crowd had simply gathered outside the palace and was raising slogans. The policemen first resorted to lathicharge and this led to the clash.” On the constable’s death, he said, “None of them (protesters) could have shot the constable. They are trying to frame us.” There was no response form Sinh or Ameeta. Meanwhile, the CM continued…

Love can convert the other waytooHindu Mahasabha members protest against ‘love jihad’ in Lucknow. (Sourec: IE photo by Vishal Srivastav/file)
Written by Amit Sharma | Meerut | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:42 am
In at least two inter-religion relationships in western UP, the roles in conversion have been reversed from what protesters have been associating with “love jihad”. In one instance, it is a Muslim family that fears its daughter will be made to convert to Hinduism; in the other, it is the boy rather than the girl who is allegedly under pressure to convert to Islam.
Such relationships are frequent but these are the first cases — the police have been approached in each — that have cropped up after various Sangh Parivar leaders have taken up a movement against what they call “love jihad”.
One couple have married; they are from Muzaffaranagar. On Friday, Sanjay a.k.a. Sonu of Jasoi village and the Muslim girl reached the office of IG (Meerut zone) Alok Sharma seeking security from the threat they perceived from the girl’s family. They had with them an Allahabad High Court directive to the Muzaffarnagar police to take security measures for them and for medical tests to establish the girl’s age.
“They came to me but since the court has directed the Muzaffarnagar police to make the arrangements, I asked them to wait in my office until a team from there arrived to escort them to their district,” the IG told The Indian Express.
The police were escorting them to the Muzaffarnagar district hospital when the girl’s family got to know of it and reached there with others of their community. Angry at seeing her dressed like a Hindu girl, they allegedly beat up the boy inside the hospital and also attacked policemen before the latter managed to take the couple to safety.
It had begun with a complaint of kidnapping filed by the girl’s father in Muzzafarnagar on September 9. He alleged Sanjay had the previous day demanded Rs 5 lakh as ransom, and expressed fears his daughter would be converted forcibly. The police traced the couple to Allahabad, but by then they had contacted the IG.
“They have not yet been handed over to their families as the girl’s statement has to be recorded and a medical examination has to be done. They are under police security,” said SSP (Muzzafarnagar) Har Narain Singh.
The Dalit boy in the other romance is from Rataul village under Khekda police station in Baghpat district. He is apparently torn between his religion and his Muslim girlfriend, reluctant to convert but not willing to break up the relationship either, though villagers have held a panchayat twice trying to persuade him.
Villagers have met subdivisional magistrate Narendra Singh alleging that the boy, Pappu, is under pressure from the girl’s family to convert and that her brothers have even circumcised him. “I have instructed the police to deal with the case on a priority as villagers fear communal violence,” Singh said.
“We have posted continued…

Rupee outlook: Barring a few intermittent spikes  rupee to trade in 60-62 rangeShilpa Kumar |  Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:48 AM IST
Rupee outlook: Barring a few intermittent spikes, rupee to trade in 60-62 range
The rupee has witnessed remarkable stability over recent months and its volatility is at multi-year lows. This is in sharp contrast to last year, when the dollar's strength amid the US Federal Reserve's quantitative easing tapering expectation led to sharp depreciation of the currencies of emerging markets, including the rupee. Currently, in spite of the dollar index strengthening from 80 to 84 since early July, the rupee has remained stable in the range of 59-61.The improved outlook has come ag
The rupee has witnessed remarkable stability over recent months and its volatility is at multi-year lows. This is in sharp contrast to last year, when the dollar's strength amid the US Federal Reserve's quantitative easing tapering expectation led to sharp depreciation of the currencies of emerging markets, including the rupee. Currently, in spite of the dollar index strengthening from 80 to 84 since early July, the rupee has remained stable in the range of 59-61.
The improved outlook has come against the backdrop of three principal factors - bottoming out of the business cycle, continued improvement in the external sector outlook and the Reserve Bank of India's intervention policies.
On the domestic front, economic activity is showing signs of improvement, as evidenced by the sharp pick-up in gross domestic product in the first quarter of the current financial year. We expect this recovery to gain traction in the latter part of the year.
Second, on the external sector front, the outlook remains positive. The monthly trade data is tracking our current account deficit (CAD) expectation of $42 billion for the year and the recent fall in crude oil prices also bodes well for the economy. If crude prices were to remain at current levels, the CAD could be even lower, further aiding the rupee. Lower crude prices also help ease inflationary pressures, besides contributing to lowering of the fiscal deficit target, on account of lower fuel subsidies.
The optimism surrounding India is further reflected in the strong capital flows. India has so far received portfolio flows of $22 billion this financial year, of which $12 bn is in the debt segment and $10 bn in equity. Inflows in the equity segment are the result of a positive outlook surrounding the economy's growth prospects. Debt-related inflows reflect the positive carry vis-à-vis interest rates in the developed world and the reduced need to hedge currency risk, with stability in the rupee.
Third, RBI's efforts to garner foreign exchange reserves through active forex intervention has helped improve the import cover ratio to around eight months, besides ensuring the rupee trades at a level that is encouraging for exports.
On balance, stable macro fundamentals and policy support will provide underlying support to the currency. Having said that, some imminent global events have to be accounted for as well, to determine the rupee's short-term trajectory.
In the near term, the Scottish independence referendum, scheduled for Thursday, will be a key event to watch. The US Fed's policy meeting this week will be another. Both these are likely to cause volatility in the international financial markets, affecting the rupee.
The Fed's tightening bias over the medium term remains a key risk for financial markets, as this might result in a slowdown in capital inflows in emerging markets. However, we believe the rupee is relatively well prepared to weather this, as compared to last year. Its stability also reflects the fact that external financing needs have reduced and India's reliance on portfolio flows to finance the CAD has diminished considerably.
We believe the rupee is likely to trade in the range of 60-62 in the short to medium term. Though news flow from across the globe is likely to weigh on the domestic currency, resulting in intermittent spikes beyond the range, these are likely to be short-lived and the currency should revert toward the range in the medium term.
The author is senior general manager and head, global markets group, ICICI Bank
 Advertisements

Why McKinseys predictions will come to nothing© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9dbce952-38d7-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Why a Yes vote would confound pollstersReddit
The defining characteristic of recent polling on the independence referendum has been convergence, not volatility. Six new polls were released over the weekend. They affirm trends evident since August: a narrow (and narrowing) No lead based on voting patterns among different genders, ages and social classes. If Yes were to win on Thursday it would be cause for serious reflection for all of the pollsters.
Here are the results of the six polls since Friday:
Panelbase : Yes, 49 per cent; No, 51 per cent;
ICM : Yes, 54 per cent; No, 46 per cent;
ICM : Yes, 49 per cent; No, 51 per cent;
Survation : Yes, 46 per cent; No, 54 per cent;
Opinium : Yes, 47 per cent; No, 53 per cent; and
YouGov : Yes, 48 per cent; No, 52 per cent.
Their underlying data show some common aspects of referendum polling:
A gender gap: women are more likely to say they will vote No;
An age gap: very strong support for No among those over 60;
A class gap: stronger support for Yes among poorer Scots;
The seeming importance of perceptions of economic risk to the No vote;
About 1 in 10 Scots say they are still undecided;
No is ahead in spite of itself (most think Yes has the better campaign); and
Scots want change from the status quo, even if it is more devolution.
The “poll of polls”, an average of those conducted since September 9, puts Yes on 49 per cent and No on 51 per cent, excluding undecided voters.
The chart below is via What Scotland Thinks . Note that the ICM poll putting Yes ahead has been weighted less than the other polls; its sample (700) is smaller than other polls’ and therefore its margin of error is wider.
As my colleague Gavin Jackson explained on Friday , one can take these polls and calculate implied probabilities of a Yes or a No vote. These currently place the probability of a No at about 80 per cent and that of a Yes vote at 20 per cent. Of course, the accuracy of these implied probabilities stems from the polls themselves. If they were to be flawed then the odds derived from them would also be wrong.
There are two main ways they could be wrong. First, sampling bias: the initial survey (the unweighted sample) does not pick up a representative group of Scots. On Thursday I spent the afternoon with Yes canvassers in Mossblown, an ex-mining town in South Ayrshire. All of the volunteers swore that Yes would win. Their certainty came from a belief that they were persuading Scots to vote Yes who don’t normally vote. “We figured out 18 months ago that this thing could be won on the housing estates”, one canvasser said to me. Official registration figures released this week show that 97 per cent of the Scottish electorate can vote on Thursday. (A figure more than 10 ppts higher than in elections.) Of course, the polling companies try to adjust for higher turnouts but the canvassers believe that sampling bias is at work.
John Curtice, Scotland’s top polling expert, looked at the data on voters who did not vote in the 2011 election but who say they will vote in the referendum. On one hand, there is encouragement for Yes. The two polling companies (ICM and TNS) who adjust their samples for the abstention rate in 2011 have both recently reported relatively high Yes tallies. On the other hand, what data we have on those who didn’t vote in 2011 suggest that if anything they are less likely to vote Yes than the average Scot, Prof Curtice says. For my canvassing friend to be correct, then, the Yes side would have need to have found voters that the pollsters have not found.
The second possible type of flaw in the polls is in the adjustments made to turn the unweighted sample into a weighted sample, from which the results are taken. All pollsters make such adjustments. And in the case of the independence referendum the adjustment always increases the Yes tally. This is because No voters are on average older and wealthier, two correlates with being more likely to participate in polls. I wrote about the different ways pollsters weigh the samples here . In short, if there were a Yes vote and it was unanticipated because of weighting errors, all of the pollsters would have been wrong in how they adjust their samples.
So, after this weekend flurry of polls, what is the best way to summarise the state of the race? The poll of polls (49 vs 51) is a good place to start. But this has problems: depending on the last polls to be conducted, the average may be skewed due to the individual ways each pollster samples and adjusts its sample. Ideally, we want to control for the biases within each poll, i.e. the so-called “house effects”. This simple technique was used by Nate Silver in the US election and has been applied to the Scottish data by Anthony McGann of the University of Strathclyde .
The chart below shows results from a poll of polls, adjusted for the biases of each pollster. The black line is support for Yes and the dotted lines are the margin of error. It shows how over the past 12 months there have been three phases. The first, from September to April, shows a gradual increase in support for Yes. The second, until August, shows a plateau. And the third shows a spike in support from August.
Support for Yes is the highest it has ever been on Prof McGann’s chart – 48 per cent. However, the margin of error using this method is 0.9 percentage points, smaller than the usual 3 percentage points because it is an average of lots of data. Therefore, victory for Yes is outside the margin of error according to this method. In other words, using this analysis, the race is not “too close to call”; No is likely to win.
From the perspective of Prof McGann’s analysis, there are three sources of a Yes victory. The first is that it continues its post-July surge. The second is that the undecideds break dramatically for Yes. The third is that, as Prof McGann puts it, “all of the polls are systematically biased in one direction”. If it were the latter then it won’t only be the No campaign that is left beaten on Thursday.

TCS opens Saudi Arabia s first all-women BPO...BPO centre
(REPRESENTATIVE IMAGEIndia's…)
MUMBAI: India's largest software exporter TCS today said it has opened Saudi Arabia's first all-female business process centre, which will provide employment to up to 3,000 women in three years.
Saudi Aramco and GE are the centre's first customers, TCS said in a statement here.
Both the clients have already surpassed their target of recruiting 100 women each, while the total number of those employed at the centre stands at 300, it said.
The Riyadh-based 3,200-sq mt facility will offer customers specialised finance and accounting, human resources, materials supply and office services to improve their operational efficiency, it said.
The centre was announced in September last year. Saudi Arabia's Commerce and Industry Minister Tawfiq bin Fawzan Al Rabiah, Deputy Governor of Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority Prince Saud bin Khalid, Saudi Aramco's President and Chief Executive Khalid Al Falih and GE's Vice Chairman John Rice, were present on the occasion, the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Don t celebrate my b day  help in J&K relief work: PM | BJP welcomes Modi s decisionBJP
(Narendra Modi's appeal…)
NEW DELHI: Those curious to how Modi will celebrate his first birthday as the Prime Minister got the answer from his favourite medium of interaction - Twitter.
Tweeting in both Hindi and English, Modi who turns 64 on Wednesday, asked people to not indulge in his birthday celebrations but instead focus on relief work in Kashmir. "My humble request- do not celebrate my birthday. Instead, dedicate yourselves towards relief work in J&K through your time & resources," he said.
Modi's another tweet said,"On 17th, President Xi Jinping will be in Guj. We look forward to extending a warm welcome to him but there will be no birthday celebrations." The PM also asked people to cancel any planned parties in his honor and also request people to donate generously for relief work in the floods.
Modi has always chosen his birthday to surprise people. In 2011, as the Gujarat CM he began his much famous 3-day Sadbhavna fast on his birthday after visiting his mother. The fast that he said was aimed at building harmony and brotherhood was reported widely.
In 2013, incidentally, Modi paid an unexpected visit to senior BJP leader Keshubhai Patel, who had rebelled against him and quit the BJP to float his own party.
However, in a blog post written on his 62nd birthday he said that throughout his life the birthday has been no different from any other day of his life.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Qataris sued over former US embassySeptember 14, 2014 6:05 pm
Qataris sued for £10m over former US embassy deal
By Kate Allen and Jane Croft
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a173712-39d4-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

From a Delhi room  relief ismonitoredPrint
Residents try to get cellphone signals on the roof of a building, in Srinagar on Sunday. (Source: IE photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Written by Sumegha Gulati | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:18 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 1:21 am
A sparsely furnished room in south Delhi’s Kalkaji locality has become a “control-room” to monitor and organise relief work in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir.
An old dining table surrounded with rickety chairs is the centre of action with volunteers managing rescue operations, relief dispatch and information dissemination through social media. A bulletin board boasts contact details of NGOs, airline officials, truck drivers, airport volunteers, Jamia and JNU ‘point’ persons.
The ‘Kashmiri Volunteers in Delhi: Flood Relief’ was formed last week, after floods ravaged parts of Jammu and Kashmir. Comprising largely of Kashmiri students and professionals living in the Capital, it operates from the house of a young filmmaker from Aligarh, Aman Kaleem.
Kaleem, who founded the group with her friends from Kashmir, many of them students and journalists, said they are focussing on two aspects — rescuing those stranded and providing relief material to them. The group also ensures coordination between all donation points across the country. According to her, two volunteers from Delhi went to Kashmir a few days ago and are now at the Srinagar airport, coordinating relief efforts.
“They are collecting the stuff we send them from Delhi and passing it on to local volunteers to be distributed across Kashmir. Medicines are our priority right now. We sent drinking water as all water there is contaminated. We also sent chlorine for water purification. We are also collecting baby food, sanitary napkins, packed food, biscuits, life jackets for the victims as well as our volunteers and tents for those rescued,” Kaleem (26) said.
The group, which has partnered with an NGO Community Youth Collective, said it also has volunteers in the functional hospitals who are updating them with medicine requirements. The group is also coordinating the information network. “The information network is heavily relying on social media,” Kaleem said.

A hospital on Srinagars outskirts is nursing home forhundredsWritten by Mir Ehsan , Ruwa Shah | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:13 am
As city’s all major hospitals are still submerged, a private hospital, Ahmad Hospital, on the outskirts, which managed to escape nature’s fury, has already carried out 110 free surgeries for patients from various corners of Srinagar.
The hospital had only 20 beds, but its corridors were modified into wards within hours and over 100 patients were accommodated. In absence of paramedical staff, local volunteers started helping hospital administration in carrying out surgeries.
The hospital has also opened an emergency OPD where doctors from neighbouring areas are attending to the patients. Some with major complications were shifted to SKIMS, the only functional hospital in the north of the city.
“Ours is a small nursing home. On Sunday when everything got submerged, patients with complications started turning up. We could not refuse them and started conducting surgeries with minimal resources,”’ Nisar Khanday, director of the hospital, told The Indian Express.
He added that in the absence of proper staff and paramedics, doctors from neighbouring areas came to the hospital and performed surgeries free of cost.
The hospital also opened a free medicine counter. “We have examined 100 patients since morning and given them free medicine,” said Dr Ejaz, posted in Ganderbal district and currently working in the hospital as a volunteer.
As the hospital faced dearth of surgical equipment, phone messages and Facebook helped arrange them from outside the state. Even volunteers from North Kashmir arranged blood pouches for the critically ill.
Dr Farheen and her husband were among the doctors who worked at the hospital. “My house is under water. We have lost three people in our family, but we are here to save others’ lives,” Dr Farheen said. She added that with minimal resources, they have been able to treat critical patients. “We are working under grave situation and are short of resources. Still we are trying our best,” she said.
Many patients were ferried in wooden boats to the hospital and everyone who reached there survived.
“When I left home, I felt that neither me nor my baby will survive, but doctors here saved us,” said Tasleema. “I lost everything in the flood, but my child got saved. This is the only consolation for me and my family,” she added.

Pranab in Vietnam  oil exploration deal onagendaPrint
Written by Abantika Ghosh | Hanol | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:09 am
President Pranab Mukherjee on Sunday arrived in the capital city of Vietnam on a three-day state visit during which the two countries are expected to sign deals on oil exploration likely in the South China Sea and starting direct flights between the two nations.
The President will meet his Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang and Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung. He has carried with him as a gift a sapling of the Bodhi tree.
The MoU for oil exploration will be signed between OVL and Petrovietnam. The location of the new sites, however, is yet to be disclosed, but the sites may include the disputed South China Sea. The possible MoU between Jet Airways and Vietnam Airlines means that the two countries would have direct flights operating from January 2015.
Also on the agenda are an MoU on Nalanda University and one under which Archaeological Survey of India will help Vietnamese authorities in the restoration of Cham monuments in ‘My Son’.
The President would inaugurate an Indian Studies Centre in the Ho Chi Minh National Academy of Politics and Administration.
On his arrival, President Mukherjee was received with full state honours. He then went to the Thang Long Theater to watch a traditional Vietnamese water puppet show.

In dead floating chicken  fear of diseaseoutbreakThe stink of rotting carcasses is everywhere in Srinagar.
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | Chak | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:07 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 1:21 am
Hundreds of dead chicken float about in the knee-deep muddy waters that are left of the flood in this village. The smell is nauseating, but the 350 households living here have bigger problems to tackle. There is no drinking water. No food for babies.
While relief operations have been largely focused on submerged neighbourhoods around the city centre, this cluster of hamlets behind an inundated railway station on the outskirts is yet to appear on any radar.
With the first signs of the outbreak of a communicable disease in the area, the health department has dispatched a team to assess the situation. Director Health Services Saleem-ur-Rehman said, “We will do everything to prevent an outbreak”. State Surveillance Officer Dr Rehaana said there are only mild cases of diarrhoea. “It isn’t cholera. But if the poultry birds are allowed to rot, it will be trouble,” she said.
Several villagers in the area ran poultry farms. When floods hit the area, thousands of chicken died and were washed out of the coops.
The Bonpora village is around eight-km from Nowgam bypass in Srinagar. The road to the village is still under water. Some local volunteers were seen distributing cannisters of drinking water, biscuits, packaged dry milk, electrolyte packets and medicine. The villagers almost snatched the water bottles from them. “We have no water to drink for days,” said Sheikh Mohammad Yaqoob, the village head. “Nobody has come here all these days”.
“There was no time to deal with this problem of dead chicken,” he added.
Several villagers complained of abdominal cramps, diarrhoea and sore throat.
Nearby hamlet Chak was also badly-hit. Villagers didn’t understand the effects rotting chicken can have on their health till a doctor accompanying a relief team warned them. They have decided to clean up soon. “Please tell the government to send us some drinking water and food,” said Farooq Ahmad Sheikh, a villager. “We will not die of a disease but of thirst”.

Depts on brink of closure  Rajasthan University V-C recruits 241teachersPrint
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:06 am
In what is being considered a watershed in the history of Rajasthan University, 241 new teachers were appointed recently. The university last saw a recruitment drive in 1982 and was since relying on ad hoc appointments until Dr Dev Swarup took over as vice-chancellor last year.  He has emerged as the new idol on campus, credited with bringing about change by fighting corruption and nepotism.  When Swarup took over, the varsity was facing acute shortage of teachers.  Around 17 departments were on the brink of closure, while Bar Council had directed that the law college cannot admit students.
Despite a sanctioned faculty strength of 900, the institution had not made a single appointment in 32 years. Instead, it had appointed  272 teachers on ad hoc basis, without any selection process.
An advertisement in 2012 sought applications for 494 vacancies, but no appointments were made. “After I took over in July, my first priority was to get classes running, for which appointments were crucial. By this time, we had already received 18,500 applications. We found discrepancies in many of them,” recalled Swarup.
He added that there were calls from politicians, bureaucrats, media and the judiciary, recommending candidates. “The state government and the Governor nominees chose to walk out of the selection process when informed that interviews will be held with transparency. We overcame these stumbling blocks, thanks to then Governor Margaret Alva and Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot, who not only supported me but made not one recommendation themselves,” he said.
The code of conduct imposed during Assembly polls in December delayed recruitments. Also, as many as 87 court cases were filed during the recruitment process, alleging irregularities. “Lawyers made matters worse. Many of their relatives failed to secure a spot and (they) were extremely upset,” said Swarup.
On August 7, the court upheld the appointments and ordered that ‘the procedure followed by the university was error-free’.
Out of the 241 assistant professors appointed, 106 are from SC/ST, 81 from OBC, 6 physically challenged and 48 from unreserved categories.

Health Minister proposes floating clinicsNEW DELHI, September 15, 2014
Updated: September 15, 2014 10:27 IST
J&K floods
Health Minister proposes floating clinics
Smriti Kak Ramachandran
The Hindu A man rows his makeshift boat through a flooded area in Wazirbagh in Srinagar on Sunday. Photo: Nissar Ahmad
TOPICS
flood
Omar Abdullah directs officials to mobilise boats in Srinagar
Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan on Sunday proposed that boats should be mobilised to send medicines to the people of the flooded areas of Srinagar. These “floating clinics” can be used to deliver medicines, first aid and other supplies to those areas where floodwaters are yet to recede and boats are the only mode of access.
After returning from his tour of the flood-ravaged areas, Dr. Vardhan said his proposal had been received “positively” by the Jammu and Kashmir government.
“The Chief Minister [Omar Abdullah] has directed his officials to mobilise the available boats and start something on an urgent basis. Meanwhile, I am arranging for doctors and health workers,” he said.
Efforts are being made to reach people suffering from diabetes and hypertension who need medicines immediately. The Ministry has also urged the State’s Health Secretary and other officials to dispose of the carcasses lying around Srinagar. Cautioning against the spread of diseases on account of the dead animals, the Minister has called for the launch of an information-education-communication-intervention to make people aware of the need to boil water before drinking.
“I have urged for central monitoring of water supply. For people cut off, I have advised that chlorine tablets be supplied. Just one tablet dissolved in 20 litres of water could safeguard people against water-borne diseases,” Dr. Vardhan said.
The Minister said all efforts were being made by the Army, the BSF and other agencies to offer medical care. “There are a large number of doctors from Delhi’s central government hospitals who rushed there,” he said.

Banks lend more abroad as trust returnsSeptember 14, 2014 12:34 pm
Banks resume lending abroad as confidence returns to sector
By Claire Jones in Frankfurt
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ba9c1f6-3a8f-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

America calling: No stops for Prime Minister Narendra Modi in US visitprint
Prime minister Narendra Modi addresses at the Teachers' Day function at Manekshaw Auditorium, in New Delhi. (PIB handout photo)
Not long ago, Narendra Modi was not welcome in the US. But the US is now pulling out all stops to woo him when he comes calling at the White House as India's prime minister at the end of this month.
President Barack Obama will host a dinner for him September 29 before bilateral talks at the White House the next day and this will be followed by a lunch hosted by vice-president Joe Biden at the state department.
Read: Before leaving for US, Modi to pitch Make in India to world
What a difference an election makes! Long forgotten is Modi's alleged inaction or complicity in the 2002 Gujarat riots that led the state department to revoke his visa in 2005.
Modi may not have forgotten, but he too is not letting his personal feelings come in the way of repairing India-US ties which touched a low last December over the arrest and strip search of India's then deputy consul general in New York for alleged visa fraud and underpaying her nanny.
For, if Obama has called India "one of the defining partnerships of the 21st century, one which will be vital to US strategic interests in Asia-Pacific and across the globe", India's ties with Washington are its most important relationship.
Obama and his predecessors, Republican George Bush and fellow Democrat Bill Clinton all visited India, underscoring the increasing importance of the bilateral relationship that has broad bipartisan support across the aisle.
But despite the optics, there is cautious optimism on the outcome of the Modi visit which is expected to be primarily focused on economic ties, defence, trade and technology exchanges.
Trade between the two countries has grown from only $5.6 billion in 1990 to over $63 billion in 2013, according to the US Census Bureau.
And as a state department backgrounder noted, the two are "developing their defence partnership through military sales and joint research, co-production and co-development efforts".
"India has moved forward, albeit haltingly, with market-oriented economic reforms that began in 1991," the backgrounder said noting, "Recent reforms have included an increasingly liberal foreign investment regime in many sectors."
But nothing major is expected in regard to the landmark India-US nuclear deal that has stalled over India's tough liability law.
Addressing the liability issue still remains "the biggest and most pressing issue on trying to advance the civil nuclear cooperation," according to Nisha Desai Biswal, assistant secretary for South and Central Asian Affairs.
As the 2008 Republican presidential candidate John McCain told a Washington think tank recently, "Too often, our relationship has felt like a laundry list of initiatives, some quite worthy, that amounts to no more than the sum of its parts."
"... Our strategic relationship has unfortunately devolved recently into a transactional one," he said.
But McCain, who met the Indian Prime Minister last month, also felt "Modi wants India to do its part to change this - and that he wants India and the US to lift our sights once again, to think bigger and do bigger things together."
"I fully agree. And I see the prime minister's visit to the US this month as an opportunity to renew our partnership and regain a proper strategic focus," he said.
Mark R. Warner, Democratic co-chair of the bipartisan Senate India Caucus, who published a "First 100 Days" plan to strengthen US-India relations has also praised the progress made at the 100-day mark of Modi's government.
Meanwhile, the Indian community is planning to accord Modi a grand public reception at Madison Square Garden, a huge multi-purpose indoor arena in Midtown Manhattan in New York City with a capacity of over 20,000 Sep 28.
The event will be emceed by the first Indian-American Miss America Nina Davuluri and PBS Weekend Newshour's Indian-American anchor, Hari Sreenivasan.
Given "an overwhelming response for this historic event" and "the tremendous interest from the Indian American community" general admission tickets are being distributed through a lottery.
The event, organised by the Indian American Community Foundation, will be broadcast live on a number of TV channels as well as streamed online on pmvisit.org website.

Salmond seeks to reassure Scottish votersCall to unleash $1tn for social investments
David Cameron, prime minister, will warn in a speech in Scotland on Monday that the vote is a “once and for all decision” for the Scots.
Alistair Darling , the former chancellor and leader of the Better Together campaign, likewise said that a Yes vote represented a “one-way ticket” in contrast with a general election.
“If things go wrong there is no way back” he told the BBC’s Andrew Marr Show on Sunday. “I don’t want to see my country subjected to prolonged uncertainty . . . there will be years of wrangling.”
The leaders of the No campaign have repeatedly warned that Edinburgh and Scotland would not be able to have a currency union after independence, a key plank in their argument about the high risk of a schism.
But Mr Salmond, Scotland’s first minister and leader of the Scottish National party, told the programme that a Yes vote would “dissipate” such obstacles. “There would be common sense agreements for a common currency,” he said.
Seeking a conciliatory tone, he said that the day after a Yes vote he would “bring the country together” through a new “Team Scotland” on which Mr Darling and former Labour prime minister Gordon Brown would be welcome.
As for the risk of Scotland losing its position inside the EU, Mr Salmond argued that 18 months was a “realistic timetable” for negotiations with Brussels.
Mr Darling accused the SNP leader of “jumping the gun”, insisting that Better Together was still set to win the vote. He complained that the campaign had been the most negative he had seen in 35 years of political campaigning, with No politicians repeatedly shouted down by nationalist activists.
With just four days to go before the referendum, campaigning on both sides is set to reach its most intense phase.
More video
On Sunday a survey for The Observer by Opinium, its first of the referendum campaign, found the pro-union campaign enjoying a six-point lead, with 53 per cent supporting No and 47 per cent for Yes when undecideds are excluded.
Yes activists were cheered by a sharply contrasting internet-based poll by ICM for the Sunday Telegraph that put Yes in the lead by 54 per cent to 46 per cent for No, again when “don’t knows” are stripped out.
In depth

Low volatility hits derivatives tradingLast updated: July 3, 2014 5:20 pm
Low volatility hits derivatives trading
By Philip Stafford in London and Gregory Meyer in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/aa0b0404-0151-11e4-9750-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Bad advice from BaselJuly 1, 2014 6:59 pm
Bad advice from Basel’s Jeremiah
By Martin Wolf
The Bank for International Settlements’ proposals for post-crisis policy have serious flaws
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bf235058-00fc-11e4-a938-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cameron vows to  extinguish  ISIS after Haines beheadingprint
In a strongly-worded response after an emergency meeting, Prime Minister David Cameron on Sunday vowed to ‘extinguish’ the Islamic State (IS) by taking ‘whatever steps necessary’ after a new video depicted the beheading of British aid worker David Haines.
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
 
“We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes,” he said, and added that “they are not Muslims, they are monsters” as he spelt out the measures Britain will take to counter the threat.
Read: Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
 
Haines, 44, was kidnapped in Syria in March 2013. The video showed him being beheaded by the same man with a British accent who had appeared in previous videos showing the beheading of US journalists Steven Sotloff and James Foley.
Speaking after chairing an emergency meeting, Cameron said: “We cannot just walk on by if we are to keep this country safe. Step by step, we must drive back, dismantle and ultimately destroy Isil and what it stands for”.
Alan Henning, another British hostage, is currently being held by the militant group.
Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
US president Barack Obama led a host of international leaders in condemning the latest beheading: "The United States strongly condemns the barbaric murder of UK citizen David Haines…The United States stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve”.
 
Calling Haines a ‘British hero’, Cameron said Britain will calmly work with allies to counter the challenge in the Middle East: “It must strengthen our resolve. We must recognise that it will take time to eradicate a threat like this. It will require, as I have described, action at home and abroad”.
Video: Those responsible for Haines death will be brought to justice: David Cameron
He added: "This is not something we can do on our own. We have to work with the rest of the world. Ultimately, our security as a nation, the way we go about our everyday lives in this free and tolerant society that is Britain, has always depended on our readiness to act against those who stand for hatred and who stand for destruction."
Read: After third beheading and warning of fourth, West set to unleash war on IS militants
Britain, he said, will upscale efforts to weed out such elements in the country through a comprehensive counter-terrorism strategy. It will also pursue action at the United Nations and help Kurds and other forces in the region opposed to the IS.
 
Mike Haines, brother of David Haines, said in a statement: “David was most alive and enthusiastic in his humanitarian roles. His joy and anticipation for the work he went to do in Syria is for myself and family the most important element of this whole sad affair."

Crack the whip on Indians joining ISIS  Centre may tell NIACrack the whip on Indians joining ISIS, Centre may tell NIA
Shishir Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 14, 2014
First Published: 21:39 IST(14/9/2014) | Last Updated: 22:02 IST(14/9/2014)
Comments
With security agencies identifying 22 radicalised youth leaving India in response to the ‘jihadist’ call of the Islamic State in Syria and the Levant (ISIS), the government may ask the National Investigation Agency (NIA) to file an FIR against unknown persons affiliated to the organisation. The action is aimed at preventing more Muslim youth from going to Iraq and taking action against those who return.
The NIA can register an FIR on the basis of the UN Security Council Resolution 2170 that has placed the ISIS under terror sanctions and asked the member countries not to allow fighters from joining the extremist Wahabi group headed by Abu Bakr al Baghdadi. Several countries that voted for this resolution have reportedly been warned of retaliation in a letter from ISIS spokesman.
While security agencies believe that the ISIS should be banned as a terror organisation by listing it under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) to act against Indian ‘jihadists’, a section of the government feels that such a move could adversely impact the lives of 39 Punjabi labourers apparently held in Mosul since June 15. Indian diplomats dealing with the issue are convinced that the labourers are alive but in captivity.
The internal security establishment’s concerns are now shared by Indian Muslim religious outfits, who have come out strongly against the so-called Khalifat of Baghdadi and al Qaeda’s Ayman Al Zawahri’s statement establishing a branch in the Indian subcontinent. These umbrella organisations have asked youth to desist from getting trapped into the “propaganda” of Baghdadi or Zawahri.
But as the Muslim youth, albeit in miniscule numbers, are getting radicalised on the internet, the security agencies have asked all airports to maintain vigil on young Indians bound for the Middle East countries, particularly Saudi Arabia, Jordan and Turkey.

Maharashtra elections: parties bet on social media campaignNCP hires consultant to manage content; BJP using newer platforms to connect with voters
Mumbai, September 14:  
Vinayak Goverdhane is a 33-year-old agriculturist and party worker of the Nationalist Congress Party from Nasik in northern Maharashtra. In his free time he draws cartoons, lampooning the opposition parties. Till recently, his hobby had a limited audience but after he underwent social media training, his cartoons are now reaching about 60,000 party workers using WhatsApp.
Goverdhane says that his understanding of social media was very limited until he underwent ‘e-karyakarta’ training held by the party three months ago (karyakarta in local parlance means dedicated party worker).
The training helped him understand the impact of social media platforms on politics and the forthcoming Assembly elections in the State, he said.
For the political parties in Maharashtra, the October election will not only be fought through rallies and television debates but also in the virtual space, through Facebook (FB), Twitter and WhatsApp.
The BJP’s resounding success in the Lok Sabha elections has pushed other parties to open up their war chest for spending on social media strategy and their spin doctors.
The Nationalist Congress Party, which is facing a huge anti-incumbency factor in Maharashtra, has hired a private consulting company, led by a former media man, to chart its course in the turbulent social media. Sizeable funds have been allocated and a large team of journalists, marketing managers and coders are handling the twitter handles and blogs of party supremo Sharad Pawar and other leaders. Till October 2013, NCP’s only presence on the Internet was a dated website. After the company took over media work for the party, it has ramped up the party’s presence on the Net with tweets and daily updates on its website and Facebook page.
Individual pages on leaders are also being regularly revised. After watching BJP’s social media strategy for the Lok Sabha elections, the NCP website is being populated with 6-12 new articles on a daily basis.
“We are not experts in social media but we are making efforts to learn the tricks on the trade,”NCP spokesperson Mahesh Tapase told BusinessLine.
BJP on overdrive
BJP, on the other hand, is trying to take its social media strategy to a new level. After using FB, Twitter and WhatsApp very effectively for its campaigns, it is has started using newer platforms such as Local Circles for connecting with its voters.
BJP’s ‘Samvad’ cell, set up for exclusively handling social media connect, has been in action for the last five years.
The Convenor of the cell, Ashutosh Patankar, said that people who are sympathetic to the BJP’s point of view meet online and then their group meetings are being held across the State. In hundreds of such group meetings, the party gets an opportunity to put forth its views more effectively. “It’s a transformation of online conversation to offline,” he said.
“This year, before the parliamentary elections, Mission 272 was established. The mandate of the Samvad cell was to ensure that each party worker gets connected with 100 non-BJP voters using social media. Party asked the workers to change the people’s perception that whatever you do Congress party manages to win the elections every time. And it worked,” Patankar said.
The Congress also has a social media strategy, but its managers were not available for comment in spite of repeated efforts.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Sterling Holiday shareholders meetWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

China data to show trade surplus fallSeptember 7, 2014 5:55 pm
Chinese data expected to show falling trade surplus
By Gavin Jackson
Western markets might be fortunate that this will be a quiet week in terms of data given that last week saw startling intervention from the European Central Bank while US job numbers surprised on the downside and worries about the impact of Scottish independence sent jitters through British markets.
Instead, this week’s highlights are mostly in Asian markets with a swath of data released on the Chinese economy and notable releases for Japan.
More
Further round of consolidation looms
China’s trade balance for August will launch the week. Last week, both the official Purchasing Manager’s Index and HSBC’s unofficial index pointed towards a slowdown in China’s manufacturing sector in August. The consensus prediction is that the trade surplus will also have fallen in August to $40bn from $47.3bn in July, on the back of slowing export growth and accelerating import growth.
Inflation figures for the second-largest economy in the world will be published on Thursday. The prediction is for a slowdown in the rate of price increases; the year-on-year figure is expected to fall to 2.2 per cent, down slightly from last month’s 2.3 per cent. This is thought to be due to slightly weaker demand and falling input prices – the Producer Price Index is expected to fall by 1.9 per cent.
Finally, this Saturday industrial production, retail sales and urban fixed asset investment figures will be released. All three measures are expected to show a slight slowdown on the previous months’ figures adding to the impression that the pace of economic growth in China might be slowing.
Estimates of Japan’s current account – released on Monday – are expected to show that the country moved into a surplus in July from a deficit in June. This is thought to be due to a big increase in foreign income: the trade deficit is expected to widen. The final estimate of Japanese second-quarter gross domestic product is out the same day and is predicted to show that the impact of April’s rise in the consumption tax was even larger than originally thought, with the rate of growth revised downwards to -1.8 per cent from -1.7 per cent.
For the US, the highlight this week will be Friday with both retail sales and the University of Michigan confidence survey being released. Both are expected to show a slight uptick with retail sales growing by 0.3 per cent compared with last month’s stagnation and the confidence survey showing growth from 82.5 to 83.0.
In the UK, the highlight is likely to be on Wednesday with the trade balance, manufacturing production and industrial production figures all released. All three are expected to show slight improvement, except for the month-on-month growth in industrial production which is forecast to slow slightly.
Related Topics

China weakness hits iron oreSeptember 1, 2014 4:04 pm
Data pointing to flagging China demand send iron ore tumbling
By Xan Rice and James Wilson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1983dc46-2f99-11e4-83e4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP calls off seat-sharing talks as Uddhav questions  Modi wave   ball in Sena courtComments
A major crisis erupted in the saffron alliance in Maharashtra on Sunday, with the BJP calling off seat-sharing talks with ally Shiv Sena - apparently after its chief, Uddhav Thackeray, questioned the much-talked-about 'Modi wave' in an interview to a TV channel.
State Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Devendra Fadanvis, while talking to Hindustan Times, confirmed the development.
"There is huge discontent among our rank and file over the statements made by the Sena leadership against our leader, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in a television programme on Saturday.
"This has reached our higher-ups. Now, we have decided that we will not make any effort anymore to talk to them on seat-sharing," Fadanvis said, adding it was up to the Sena to make the next move.
The BJP's tough stand is the latest chapter in an episode of unease with the Shiv Sena ahead of the Maharashtra assembly elections slated for October 15 and casts doubts on the future of the alliance which seemed frontrunner in the polls following its spectacular showing in the April-May Lok Sabha elections.
The BJP and its allies, including the Shiv Sena won 42 of the 48 seats in the state in the general elections.
But, differences cropped up in the coalition over seat-sharing talks in the 25-year-old alliance. The Shiv Sena wants to stick to the 2009 formula - when it fought 169 seats and the BJP 119 of the 288 assembly seats in the state. But, this time the BJP wants more.
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray had said on Saturday his party would get the top job in the state, making his ambitions for the chief minister's post clear.
The Shiv Sena had also issued a veiled warning against the coalition partner, saying "excessive lust" for seats will not do it any good.
 
Talking to TV channel Aaj Tak on Saturday, Uddhav had also questioned the so-called Modi wave, which the BJP claims was instrumental behind the National Democratic Alliance's landslide victory in the general elections.
"Was the Modi wave felt in Tamil Nadu, Punjab, Odisha and West Bengal? It depends on alliance partners as well. Modi is Prime Minister of our alliance."
According to BJP sources, Fadnavis got a call from Delhi and was told to officially declare that the talks between the two parties cannot continue if the Sena uses such tactics and makes such statements against the BJP.
"Such statements are undesirable prior to the election and everyone should refrain from making such utterances," BJP's Maharashtra in-charge, Rajiv Pratap Rudy, said on Sunday, adding the CM post issue should be discussed after elections.
On the seat-sharing talks, Rudy said, "The proposal is whatever seats are left - after smaller parties in the alliance get their due - the BJP and Shiv Sena will divide them equally."
According to Rudy, the BJP and Shiv Sena will be left with around 270 seats after smaller parties are allotted around 18 seats. "In this case we are expecting for somewhere around 135 seats." 
Parties such as the Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, RPI, Rashtriya Samaj Party and the Shiv Sangram have joined hands with the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance to contest polls.
The Shiv Sena did not officially react to the BJP move to call off the talks. A party leader, on condition of anonymity, said that the problems would be sorted out only if Uddhav and BJP president Amit Shah discussed the issue.
Shah will be in Mumbai on September 17 for a BJP programme, and the Sena is hoping that the two leaders will meet to finalise the seats.
But now BJP leaders are skeptical. "With this development, the only way that this meeting can happen is that the Sena leadership goes more than halfway and meets him in Delhi," a senior BJP leader said.
The last date for nomination filing is September 27.
(With inputs from our Pune correspondent Yogesh Joshi)

Manmohan refuses to comment on Rai s chargesFormer prime minister Manmohan Singh, who is under fire from the former CAG Vinod Rai over the 2G spectrum scam and Coalgate, said on Sunday he has done his "duty" and refused to respond to charges levelled against him.
 
"I, indeed, did my duty. Well, I do not want to comment on other people what they have written," Singh told reporters on the sidelines of an event here to celebrate the publication of a book titled 'Strictly Personal: Manmohan and Gursharan', authored by his daughter Daman Singh.
Read: Manmohan was aware of decisions in 2G: ex-CAG
 
Singh was asked about the scathing criticism by Rai who held the former PM responsible for the controversial decisions to allocate 2G spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
 
Interestingly, Daman skirted questions about the ex-CAG's comments.
 
"Actually, I do not know anything about that. So I cannot comment. I have no idea about that. I have not heard what they have said. I cannot say anything. I really do not know and I have not heard what they have said. So, there is no point in saying anything," she said.
 
Daman charts the journey of her parents in her book providing new insights into the couple but keeps away from the last 10 years when Singh was heading the UPA government.
 
The function was attended among others by former deputy Planning Commission chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and ex-minister Shashi Tharoor.

In hour of crisis  RBI opens line of credit  goes easy ontermsWith around 650 branches in the state, Jammu & Kashmir Bank is the region’s lead bank.
ENS Economic Bureau | Mumbai | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:43 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 1:57 am
People affected by the massive floods in Jammu & Kashmir would be eligible for relief, including fresh loans, restructuring of existing loans and concessional interest rates from banks.
To facilitate coordination and expeditious action by the banks, the convener of the State Level Bankers’ Committee (SLBC) should convene a meeting immediately to evolve a coordinated action plan for implementation of the relief programme in collaboration with the state/ district authorities, says the Reserve Bank of India ‘Guidelines for relief measures by banks in areas affected by natural calamities’.
“J&K is now an ideal case for sops under the RBI guidelines,” said a bank official.
With around 650 branches in the state, Jammu & Kashmir Bank is the region’s lead bank. A spokesperson for the bank said coordinated action is yet to commence as road links, telecom and internet services are yet to be restored.
“Out of J&K Bank’s 200 plus affected branches, nearly 115 have restarted operations,” the spokesperson said.
According to the RBI, loans to existing borrowers for general consumption purposes may be sanctioned up to Rs 10,000 without any collateral. The limit may, however be enhanced beyond Rs 10,000 at the discretion of the bank.
Further, timely fresh financial assistance to resume productive activities may be provided not only to the existing borrowers, but also to other eligible borrowers. Notwithstanding the status of the existing account, fresh loans granted to the borrowers will be treated as current dues, the RBI says.
As the repaying capacity of the people affected by natural calamities gets severely impaired due to the damage to the economic pursuits and loss of economic assets, relief in repayment of loans becomes necessary in areas affected by natural calamity and hence, restructuring of the existing loans will be required.
“The principal amount of the short-term loan as well as interest due for repayment in the year of occurrence of natural calamity may be converted into term loan. In case of term loans the instalment of principal and interest due in the year of occurrence of natural calamity may also be converted into term loan,” it said.
The repayment period of restructured term loan may vary depending on the severity of calamity and its recurrence, the extent of loss of economic assets and distress caused.
Generally, the restructured period for repayment may be 3 to 5 years. However, where the damage arising out of the calamity is very severe, banks may, at their discretion, extend the period of repayment ranging up to 7 years and in extreme cases of hardship, the repayment period may be prolonged up to a maximum period of 10 years in consultation with the task force/ SLBC, it says.
In all cases of restructuring, moratorium period of at least one year should be considered. Further, the banks should not insist continued…

WTO optimistic of solution as it reviewsprogressPress Trust of India | Mumbai | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:38 am
Amid India’s tough posture over the food security issue, the World Trade Organization has expressed optimism of finding a solution as it reviews the progress of talks this week.
“We will be reviewing progress and looking at ways to advance this work starting from next week itself,” WTO Deputy Director General Yonov Frederick Agah said in an interview.
Stating that it was “unfortunate” that the WTO member countries were not able to arrive at a consensus by the July 30 deadline due to strong opposition from New Delhi, Agah expressed optimism about its progress saying New Delhi has shown keenness in taking the stalled talks forward.
“The signals from India are that they are keen to find a solution to this problem, and that is very good,” he said. “What is good is that it is not trade facilitation that is the main roadblock as there is support in India for this due to the economic benefits it will bring about,”
he added.     PTI

PM to host dinner for Chinese Prez on Sabarmati riverfront | Nuke power may be discussedChina President Xi's India visit: Narendra Modi to host private dinner for Jinping on Sabarmati riverfront
By PTI | 15 Sep, 2014, 01.22AM IST
0
Share More
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will host a private dinner for Chinese President Xi Jinping on Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad .
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will host a private dinner for Chinese President Xi Jinping on Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad on September 17 when he begins his India visit.
According to official sources, the private dinner will be attended by limited number of guests from each side. There will be five persons from each side at the dinner which will not be very ostentatious, they said.
The Sabarmati riverfront was selected as a venue for the dinner as President Xi will be visiting Mahatma Gandhi's Sabarmati Ashram near it.
The sources said that Xi, who is scheduled to arrive on September 17 afternoon in Gujarat, will leave for New Delhi soon after the dinner.
They said everything for Xi's visit was being done "as per the protocol", rejecting reports that there were elaborate arrangements for the dinner.
Modi today tweeted, "On 17th, President Xi Jinping will be in Gujarat. We look forward to extending a warm welcome to him but there will be no birthday celebrations".
Modi will be turning 64 on September 17.

KCR to take up paddy levy issue with ModiUpdated: September 15, 2014 01:52 IST
KCR to take up paddy levy issue with Modi
B. Chandrashekhar
Tweet
Telangana faces severe shortage of storage space
The delay in the Centre’s response to the Telangana government’s request for retaining the existing paddy levy percentage at 75 instead of reducing it to 25 from the coming procurement season is likely to compound the problems for the State-level procurement agencies and create a huge shortage of storage space.
As there has been no response from the Ministry of Food to the letters addressed separately by the Chief Secretary and Secretary, Civil Supplies, over a month ago, Chief Minister K. Chandrasekhar Rao has decided to take up the matter with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Minister for Food and Public Distribution Ram Vilas Paswan.
Official sources told The Hindu on Sunday that a file has already been sent to the Chief Minister’s office and the Chief Minister is likely to address letters to the Prime Minister and Union Minister for Food in a couple of days. The letters would carry a specific request to keep the paddy levy at 50 per cent if not 75 per cent as reducing it to 25 per cent would spell trouble for the State government immediately in terms of ensuring minimum support price and storing the procured foodgrain.
As it is, the shortage of storage space for paddy alone in Telangana is huge at 20 lakh tonnes for an agricultural year as the existing godown space available in the private sector, State government agencies and Central agencies such as Food Corporation of India (FCI) is about 50 lakh tonnes.
However, the storage space available with the State Government is only 11.3 per cent of the total 5.55 lakh tonnes in Telangana, excluding the Central agencies.
Huge outlay required
The joint initiative of the Rural Development, Marketing and Civil Supplies Departments to construct godowns for 2.5 lakh tonnes storage capacity with 500 tonnes each for 500 IKP procurement centres is yet to take off as an estimated Rs. 200 crore is required for the purpose. “Poor monsoon and delayed transplantation this season may limit the paddy procurement by government agencies at about 15 lakh tonnes. If not in this Kharif Marketing Season (KMS), heavy shortage of storage space can pose serious problems in Rabi,” a senior officer said. The procurement is likely to commence in October first week.

Tennessee Williams: Mad Pilgrimage of the Flesh  by John Lahr© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4e96518a-3808-11e4-a687-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

The extra ordinary: Ten creatives who shaped contemporary design© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d011c9ce-31b9-11e4-a19b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Russian filmmaker Andrei Konchalovsky talks realpolitikSeptember 12, 2014 4:24 pm
Russian filmmaker Andrei Konchalovsky talks ‘realpolitik’
By Nigel Andrews
Fresh from winning his first award at the Venice Film Festival, the Russian director comes from a long line of survivors
©Giacomo Cosua
Andrei Konchalovsky earlier this month in Venice, where he won Best Director at the film festival
“Everything is real,” Andrei Konchalovsky exclaims. “The people are real. The postman is real. The funeral is real. I didn’t know the old lady was going to die! It was to be our first scene with her and someone comes to me to say: ‘She’s dead’. So we film the funeral. We put in that scene.”
And it’s a strange, spooky, touching scene, colourful with bucolic heraldry, big with the unspoken feelings of a community.
More
A Dangerous Game – film review
You never know what to expect next from world cinema. You certainly don’t know what to expect next from a 77-year-old Russian filmmaker whose previous collaborators have included Andrei Tarkovsky and Sylvester Stallone. Add to that: his grandfather was a distinguished painter, his father wrote the Russian national anthem and his filmmaker brother, Nikita Mikhalkov, won the Venice Golden Lion in 1991 (Urga, or Close to Eden). Konchalovsky claimed his own first Venice gong last weekend with a Best Director prize.
The Postman’s White Nights, his victorious film, is a marvel: a low-budget digital video “docudrama” about real folk on Lake Kenozero, in northern Russia. Konchalovsky chose this log-house fishing community, scenically separated from the mainland by an expanse of blue water, because it was home to his non-professional lead actor, Alexei Tryapitsin. The ruddy-faced, blond-thatched, born-to-it star had been picked from 60 shortlisted nationwide postmen.
“I had a ‘script’ only to get money, then I shot whatever I wanted. Out of the 50 people Alexei delivered to, we chose the five most interesting. It’s not a drama, it’s not a documentary; it’s a film and today a film is anything. You can shoot a movie with an iPhone. You don’t need cameras, lights, clapperboards, shouts of ‘action!’ and ‘cut!’. Fifteen years ago, a surgeon had to open you in half to operate, now it’s endoscopic. So with cinema today. You can have an endoscopic entrance into life and find extraordinary things.”
He himself is a powerful presence: a bronzed, shaven-pated, voluble, rasping-voiced man whom I first interviewed nearly 30 years ago in a Los Angeles hotel. Back then, after starting in Russia as a director (Siberiade, 1979) and scenarist to the great (Tarkovsky’s Ivan’s Childhood (1962) and Andrei Rublev (1966)), he was launching his Hollywood career with a Jon Voight-starring action thriller about an express train.
“I wanted to find my international feet. For three years I couldn’t get a job in America. Then came this script by Akira Kurosawa: Runaway Train, which Francis Coppola was to direct. He couldn’t, so he rang me and I thought” – he enacts an excited intake of breath – “‘Oh! This is my survival!’ Menahem Golan [founder of Cannon Films] gave me carte blanche. I could write my cheque, though for limited money. When I started working with the majors, it became different.”
And it didn’t last long. The irresistible force of the Russian eagle met the immovable object of the Californian ego. “Sylvester Stallone is a very clever man,” says Konchalovsky. “He knew how he wanted to be shot. On the first day’s filming” – of the 1989 Columbia cop thriller Tango and Cash – “he came to the set and said, ‘Where’s the camera?’ I said, ‘Here.’ He said, ‘Put it down low and over there.’ I said, ‘Why, Sly?’ He said, because I’m not tall and the camera should always be lower than me. Plus, my face is paralysed on one side, I need to be filmed from the other.’
“Very clever man! Once, though, he lost his head, you know. He wanted to play Puccini. He wrote a script. He looks a little like Puccini. But thank God, Hollywood stopped him.”
Hollywood also stopped Konchalovsky. He was withdrawn from Tango and Cash before the end of production. He didn’t direct in America again.
From the ridiculous if pop-mythical we turn to the sublime if titanically flawed. Andrei Tarkovsky. What can it have been like for Konchalovsky to be a young bellows-minder to the flame of 1960s Soviet cinema?
“Tarkovsky was not easy, but who is? Well, I am,” he says in an aside. “But he wasn’t. He started to shoot Andrei Rublev at three times the length it was scripted for. He calls me up. ‘What shall we do?’ I say, ‘You’re crazy. It’ll be a 12-hour film.’ So we went at it with scissors. He got carried away. It was his flaw. But later the flaw became a quality. He started to crystallise his style.”
The glory days of Tarkovsky were followed by the glory days of glasnost and the New Russia. Now we have – what exactly? The old Russia back again? The bear in the geopolitical garden? Konchalovsky’s last film (unseen by me) was called Battle for Ukraine (2012), a prescient-sounding documentary on a region/nation’s conflicted history. So. Which side is he now on? Putin or Nato? I get what may be the most mandarin answer in the history of film-festival interviewing.
So – Putin or Nato? I get what may be the most mandarin answer in the history of filmfestival interviewing
“First of all, I don’t mix in politics.” (The internet is choc-a-bloc with essays and interviews in which he mixes in politics.) “Secondly, I don’t think what’s happening in Ukraine is unpredictable or a surprise. It’s a very old confrontation. It’s that between Byzantium and the Vatican. Between the Greek Dionysian and the Latin Apollonian ... ” I sense the scrim of ancient myth and history being drawn across the nakedness of modern conflict “ ... between orthodox mentality and Latin expansionism ... ”
He invokes a couple of political philosophers I have never heard of. Then: “‘Democracy leads to prosperity’ is the biggest illusion. Democratic elections in some countries lead to chaos and dictatorship. In rich countries, democracy brings prosperity. But because of the illusion of universal values it’s very uncomfortable to accept that not everything is equal.
“Marxism is a wonderful thought if you are sitting by the pipe with a fire. But Marxist ideals in Cambodia give you ten million chopped heads.”
Marxist ideals in interbellum Russia, I resist saying, didn’t give people a picnic either. I let it go and return to The Postman’s White Nights, which I love. It has a wonderfully sly, funny shot near the end, involving a rocket launch, that might be interpreted as a rude aside about expansionism – territorial or cosmic – in Konchalovsky’s own nation.
“I won’t tell you what the scene means,” he says. “Metaphor is important when it has multiple dimensions. Interpretation is not my role, it’s that of the perceiver. I’m just the postman bringing the post.” He gives a smile.
I am starting to like Konchalovsky. His evasiveness is baroque, bordering on outrageous. But he comes from a long, experienced line of survivors. His father wrote the lyrics to the Russian national anthem in 1943, only to be ordered to incorporate Stalin’s own changes. When friends later said to him, “What are you doing? You’re just being a prostitute,” Konchalovsky’s father said, “Maybe. But you should learn it by heart anyway.”
The touché of realpolitik. That commodity is alive and well, it’s clear, and can even dwell in the minds and strategies of modern Russian film directors. Meanwhile in their art, they can post us, first-class and if necessary under plain cover, the truth.
Photograph: Giacomo Cosua

Kingfisher s loan default only a  trickle : ...Bhushan Steel
(As industrialist Vijay…)
NEW DELHI: As industrialist Vijay Mallya fights his wilful defaulter tag, former CAG Vinod Rai has said Kingfisher Airlines' loan default is just a "trickle" and the overall problem of huge bad loans at public sector banks can be blamed on 'cronies' using connections to borrow money.
Rai, who was the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) during 2008-2013, has also stressed the need to understand the trend of non-performing assets of private sector banks being very low in comparison to that of public sector lenders.
Observing that cronies have neither the domain knowledge nor the financial strength to deliver, Rai in his new book has said that they use their connections to borrow from the banking sector, especially from public sector lenders that are prone to manipulation.
"This is the underlying reason for non-performing assets (NPAs) of public sector banks going up manifold," he has written in the book titled 'The Dairy of the Nation's Conscience Keeper -- Not Just An Accountant'.
"Stories of Kingfisher Airlines and Bhushan Steel are only now emerging in trickles. The amount that has gone into corporate debt restructuring is another story; it contains all the marquee names," he said.
On September 1, state-owned UBI declared Kingfisher Airlines, its promoter Vijay Mallya and three other directors wilful defaulters. Kingfisher owes about Rs 7,000 crore to 17- banks consortium, led by State Bank of India.
Last month, a consortium of banks ordered a forensic audit into the books of account of cash-starved Bhushan Steel, which has total exposure of about Rs 40,000 crore to lenders.
The move came close on the heels of the arrest of Bhushan Steel Vice Chairman and Managing Director Neeraj Singal by the CBI in an alleged cash for loan scam involving Syndicate Bank Chairman S K Jain.
According to Rai, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data showed that gross NPAs of public sector banks increasing to 3.61 per cent, which by all standards marked unprecedented high levels in 2013.
"Even if we were to accept the argument that these banks had to advance money in difficult times, why is it that the NPA of private sector bank is only half this percentage? It does not require much analysis to ascertain the reasons," he noted.
Further, the former CAG has raised concerns about the appointment process at public sector bank boards.
"Many of those who bemoan the malfeasance that has crept into appointment processes, are aware of the names of the nominee government directors on public sector bank boards, and the absence of 'fit and proper' criteria for their nomination.
"However, few take steps to correct the situation. Somewhere, someone will have to take the bull by the horns. The process cannot be delayed by even a day," Rai said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

E-retailers battle it out for Android OnemarketPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:49 am
Competition in the booming multi-billion dollar Indian smartphone market is further set to intensify with e-commerce giants Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal all set to launch Google’s much-awaited sub-$100 (around Rs 6,000) handsets. Google is launching the Android One devices in India on Monday.
While homegrown online marketplace majors Flipkart and Snapdeal will be exclusively selling Android One smartphones from Spice and Karbonn, respectively, US-based e-commerce giant Amazon’s Indian arm will sell handsets from Micromax.
All the three handset makers have come out with teasers of their launch.
According to research firm IDC, smartphone sales in the country grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn.  In the second quarter of 2014, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India.

Russia will not yield to western delusionsSeptember 14, 2014 5:13 pm
Western delusions triggered conflict and Russians will not yield
By Sergey Karaganov
The west is without direction and losing sight of moral convictions, writes Sergey Karaganov
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/05770494-3a93-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Varanasi set to get grand makeover  film cityComments
For Prime Minister Narendra Modi's constituency of Varanasi it seems 'acche din' have come with the NDA government planning a giant goodie bag for the temple city.
Elderly women walk down the stairs on the banks of the River Ganges in Varanasi. AFP Photo/Manan Vatsyayana
What the Centre does here could potentially be used to showcase the Modi government's development initiatives in future polls.
Besides a complete makeover, the Centre's big plans for the oldest living city in the world includes a film city, developing a 'greater Varanasi', a mass transport system like the one in New Delhi, a trade facilitation centre, and a arts and craft museum.
In the 2014 general polls, Modi had contested from Varanasi and Gujarat's Vadodara. He later retained the UP seat and promised to develop the city including cleaning up the Ganga. To that end, a lion's share of the Centre's multi-crore Namami Gange plan will be spent on Varanasi and facelift of 84 river-front ghats is also on the agenda.
Kashi is also high on the agenda of the NDA government's smart city project. A mass rapid transport system including a Bus Rapid Transport System- like the one in New Delhi - is being planned.
There is also an exhaustive plan for 'Greater Varanasi' which will see the development of neighbouring towns like Sarnath, Ramnagar, Babatpur, Shivpur, Cholapur and Ganapur as satellite cities.
To boost tourism, plans are underway to promote 'walking tourism' and get heritage tags for several havelis, kothis and akharas. A cooperation deal between Kyoto and Varanasi, signed by Modi when he was in Japan, will strive to preserve the art and culture of the ancient Indian city.
While the entire civic structure of Varanasi is headed for an overhaul including modern waste management system, six projects worth `1,017.18 crore will be completed soon.
Uttar Pradesh's first jetty will come up on the Kosi river near Ram Nagar in Varanasi. Once it begins operation, ships with 600 to 1,000 tonnes of cargo can ferry between West Bengal and Varanasi giving a big boost to economic and commercial activities.
Sources said necessary clearances for a trade facilitation centre and a crafts museum, announced by finance minister Arun Jaitley in the budget, will be given by the Centre soon. Rs. 50 crore was set aside for this plan.
A Jal Marg Vikas project to connect Varanasi through rive-routes and a complete makeover of the Cantonment railway station is also on the cards.
The proposal for a film city was proposed by BJP MP and Bhojpuri superstar Manoj Tewari. "Many films are shot in Varanasi. An organised film city can boost the local economy," said an official. 
 
Plans for tourism
The government will identify, preserve and project more historical buildings as tourist attractions. It has planned to adopt measures such as better access by walkways and improved lighting that can make the city’s heritage structures more attractive.
 
Plans for citizens
A complete revamp of the civic infrastructure with better sewage network, waste management and transportation. A plan to bring in intelligent street lighting is also on the blueprint as are initiatives to declog the city’s skyline that’s presently criss-crossed by jumble of wires
 
Plans for the city
Kick-starting the several central schemes that would have bettered the civic infrastructure. Action would include releasing of remaining funds and spurring execution. The government is also looking at developing the suburbs as Greater Varanasi to help spread out the population
 
Plans for Ganga
The majestic ghats of Kashi and the riverfront are expected to get a facelift and the government is planning to get cracking on the ambitious ‘jal marg’ project that would see transit on the 1,620 km- Allahabad-Varanasi-Haldia water stretch.

Next on Armys agenda  its own relief andrescueA girl sitting at a relief camp in Srinagar. (Source: IE photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Srinagar | Posted: September 15, 2014 2:30 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 5:03 pm
Besides the local population, the Army too has been hit by the floods in Jammu and Kashmir. With the Badami Bagh Cantonment, the headquarters of Srinagar-based 15 Corps, submerged, the ordnance depots, family quarters, vehicles and offices have been damaged. Moreover, landslides on the Jammu-Srinagar-Leh highway and other arterial roads have affected the Army’s crucial winter stocking exercise at the forward posts.
“The stocking exercise involves gathering stocks for three-six months as the forward posts get cut off during the winter months. This has been obstructed as in the first few days, before the relief material reached us, the Army distributed its own rations, even as the flow of supplies have been affected due to blockage of roads,” said an officer.
“Along Jammu-Ramsu-Benihal NH-44, there are three breaches… Work is going on at full pace… Thirty-seven trucks came across the Sinthan Pass yesterday, and 60 from Banihal side. If successful, we will have good convergence at Anantnag,” said Lt General Subrata Saha, GOC, HQ 15 Corps, Srinagar.
The opening of these roads, which has been undertaken by the Border Roads Organisation (BRO) along with the Army, is likely to restore flow of vehicular traffic in the next 48 hours.
The floods have affected the connectivity between Srinagar and Anantnag, along the Jammu-Srinagar NH-44 and the Jammu-Sinthan-Srinagar highway NH 244. Efforts are on to restore the connectivity between Srinagar and Ganderbal, which further ensures a link to Kargil and Leh.
The Jammu-Srinagar-Leh road is strategically important as it the Army’s major formations under its Udhampur-based Northern Command headquarters, which collectively ensure defences along the Line of Control and Line of Actual Control. It is crucial for ensuring flow of rations, fuel and military supplies to these major formations and units/ sub units under them along the LoC in Uri, Machchal, Gurez, Tangdhar sectors.
“The Jammu-Srinagar highway is clogged at Pampore and Sempura and it will open in a few days. We have to now make up for the supplies that we have lost,” said Colonel Brijesh Pandey, Colonel GS (IW), HQ, 15 Corps.
While the Army has not had a chance to assess its lossess yet, over 100 of its heavy vehicles were submerged under water for almost five days. It also lost over 300 livestock at its military farm.

Money from slaughter trade goes into killing us: ManekaGandhiCopyright © The Indian Express ltd. All Rights Reserved
Powerd by Wordpress VIP

American Gaelic: Transatlantic tartanGOP foreign policy realism
Crawford’s enthusiasm is infectious. When I ask, however, if he supports Scottish independence in its upcoming vote, he demurs. “Things have moved on since the days of Wallace,” he replies. “It would be great to have our own bonnie little Camelot but I don’t think it would be practical. How would they divide up the British army and navy?”
Few Americans know about next week’s referendum. Even fewer have an opinion. Among Scottish-Americans who are following it, a majority is opposed, according to a poll by Scotland on Sunday. There is also a vocal minority who would love to see it happen. They picture Scotland with very American eyes – as a striver for liberty against a common English foe. In their telling, Scotland is the birthplace of capitalism, thrift and honest Presbyterian toil. England, by contrast, is the cradle of entitlement welfarism.
Whether leaning yes or no, both sides have a tendency to project their US political leanings on to Scotland. Some, like Crawford, are traditional Republicans, who value the Atlantic alliance. Others, like Don Campbell, a venture capitalist, whose distant ancestor arrived in Pennsylvania in 1760, are closer to the Tea party. Its motto – “Don’t Tread on me” – is of Scottish lineage. “England likes to think of itself as a democracy,” says Campbell. “But it is basically socialist. Scotland has always been about capitalism and freedom. It can only reclaim its liberty by throwing off the English yoke.”
©Jason Andrew
Gus Noble, president of the Illinois Saint Andrew Society, and his wife Aisha (with apologies to Grant Wood's "American Gothic")
I protest that Scotland’s Yes campaign is largely about defending public services from a Conservative-led government in London. Campbell sounds surprised. “The Scots invented liberty,” he says. “Where else in the world but England would the government pay for your higher education?” The answer, among other places, is Scotland (not England).
The term “Scottish-American” used to be a rarity – not as uncommon as English-American, say, which is barely used, or even Welsh-American, but nothing like as ubiquitous as those who claim Irish descent. That all began to change in the 1990s. First, there was the blockbuster hit Braveheart, which gave Americans a fierce – albeit cartoonish – awareness of the history of English oppression. Then there was the runaway success of the Outlander novels, bodice-ripping romances set in 18th-­century Scotland amid the Jacobite rebellion. Having sold millions, the Outlander series has since been turned into a hit TV drama (now recommissioned for a second season). In 1998, the US Congress passed a resolution declaring April 6 each year as Tartan Day. While it pales next to St Patrick’s day, when the Chicago River turns green with dye, the Tartan sibling has boosted awareness. The number of Scottish Highland games events held in the US has now roughly tripled since the 1970s to almost 200 a year, according to Euan Hague, a scholar at DePaul University.
Aided by the internet, there has also been a surge of interest in Scottish genealogy. The number of Americans reporting whole, or partial, Scottish ancestry rose to 27.5 million in the 2009 US community census survey. Often, self-identified Scottish-Americans may only be a quarter, or an eighth, Scottish – or even less. But they choose to emphasise that strand in their ancestry. “After the end of the cold war, it became fashionable for Americans to see themselves in ethnic, rather than ideological, terms,” says Hague. “There is something particularly romantic to American eyes about Scotland. It conjures images of rugged Highlanders in kilts fighting off the redcoats. Much of it is reinvention but that doesn’t pose a big obstacle.”
Robert Crawford gamely confirms that view. As a child he could barely understand his first-generation grandfather’s lowland Scottish brogue. But he vividly recalls a happy midwestern upbringing of bagpipes, shortbread and scones. “My mother’s side is wholly Scandinavian,” says Crawford. “Perhaps I shouldn’t say it but it isn’t as colourful as Scottish culture. We don’t pay it nearly as much attention.”
©Jason Andrew
Former senator James Webb in his office in Arlington, Virginia
Scottish heritage may once have been underplayed by most Americans – or concealed within a larger north European Protestant mindset. But once you train your eye, its traces are abundant. On the long drive to Crawford’s suburban Chicago office you pass the townships of Glenview, Highland Park and Bannockburn, named after Robert the Bruce’s famous defeat of the English in 1314. Mel Gibson played an outsized role in bringing such events to America’s attention. But they were always just beneath the surface. Some people, notably James Webb, the former Democratic senator from Virginia, and possible Democratic presidential contender in 2016, believe that the US would be hard to recognise without Scottish-Americans – or, to use his classification, the Scots-Irish, whom he argues form the backbone of American values. Alex Salmond, Scotland’s first minister, and leader of the Yes campaign, bought 43 copies of Webb’s book, Born Fighting, which chronicles the history of a people who fought the English on both sides of the Atlantic. “Salmond told me he loved the book,” says Webb.
If you get a chance to escape British rule you should grab it. The Irish chose to kill the bastards. The Scottish are doing it more diplomatically
- Mac McGarvey, Grayville, Illinois
Forty per cent of the revolutionary army that defeated the British in 1781 were Scots-Irish (either directly from Scotland, or Scottish Protestants from Ulster). Today, says Webb, they are derided as rednecks, hillbillies and trailer trash. Andrew Jackson, the first truly populist US president, was Scots-Irish and gave his name to that ornery culture of nonconformism known as Jacksonian democracy. Woodrow Wilson, its 28th president, was also Scots-Irish. As many as 23 of America’s 44 presidents had Scottish ancestry. “Every line of strength in American history is a line coloured with Scottish blood,” said Wilson.
Since they are heavily concentrated in the South – and along the Appalachian and Allegheny Mountains – Scots-Irish are often unfairly depicted as racist, says Webb. They are the people Hollywood loves to hate. Disdain for rednecks is the last acceptable form of racism. “Redneck is an ethnic slur,” Webb says. “But we embrace it.”
. . .
Today, Scots-Irish are almost certainly the largest demographic fuelling the Tea party rebellion against Obama’s America. Webb, whose ginger hair rhymes well with his inner passion, says his kin will rebel against anyone who tries to impose their morals on them. Theirs are the martial values of the US marines with which Webb once served. With it comes a whiff of the romantic “Lost Cause” of the defeated South. “To them [Scots-Irish],” writes Webb, “joining a group and putting themselves at the mercy of someone else’s collectivist judgment makes about as much sense as letting government take their guns. And nobody is going to get their guns.”
©Jason Andrew
Mac McGarvey
Webb’s office sits just across the Potomac River from Washington DC, overlooking the Iwo Jima Memorial in Arlington and next to the eponymous national cemetery, which is populated with veterans’ graves, among them that of Webb’s father. At his father’s burial in 1997, Webb recited Robert Burns while his brother played “Scotland the Brave” on the bagpipes. Webb’s bookshelves are crammed with Scots-Irish eclectica, among them The Redneck Manifesto, How the Scots Invented the Modern World, Hunter S Thompson’s Hell’s Angels, Celtic Britain, Ulster, An Illustrated Yearbook and Scottish Lore and Folklore.
In the past 30 years, grand claims have been made of Scotland’s contribution to the world – and its formative influence on America’s founding fathers. Robert W Galvin’s The Genius of a People argued that the Declaration of Arbroath in 1320 (when the Scots barons vowed to overthrow any king who accepted English suzerainty) was the intellectual godfather of the US Declaration of Independence almost 500 years later. Duncan Bruce’s The Mark of The Scots is another. But none can match the influence of Webb’s Born Fighting, which came out in 2004. “I literally got thousands of letters from people saying things like, ‘Finally I know who I am!’” he says. “This is my identity!”
To Webb, Scots-Irish are the pioneering individualists of the American frontier. Yet when I press him on what he would like to see happen on September 18, he too hesitates. “It is for Scotland to sort out,” Webb says. “I don’t think it would be appropriate for me to take a position as my ties to Scotland are ancestral and cultural and not based on current citizenship.”
I sense Webb has not yet given up his political ambitions. Calling for the break-up of Britain, which is still America’s closest ally, is not a judicious stance in US politics (both Obama and Hillary Clinton have spoken in favour of the “No” campaign). Or perhaps Webb, who was navy secretary in the Reagan administration before he switched to the Democrats, still feels the tug of the Atlantic alliance. Webb advises that I will have better luck extracting an answer from the town of Grayville, Illinois, which he describes as quintessentially Scots-Irish. It also happens to be the home of Mac McGarvey, Webb’s former adjutant in the marines, who lost an arm in Vietnam but who still served as Webb’s driver for his 2006 Senate campaign. “Having one arm was no obstacle,” says McGarvey of his days chauffeuring for Webb. “But I didn’t have the stomach for all those people in Washington.”
©Jason Andrew
Mac McGarvey and family in Upper Hills, Indiana, for their annual Labor Day gathering
Grayville is just nine miles down the road from the town of Albion. To hear McGarvey tell it, they might as well be separated by Hadrian’s Wall. Grayville is overwhelmingly Scots-Irish and it bears the cultural imprints of that community. As the name suggests, Albion was founded by English settlers. “If I come home in the evening and my pick-up truck is missing, I assume someone has borrowed it and will return it later,” says McGarvey, who is sipping from a can of Bud Light in his kitchen and smoking Marlboro Lights. It is 11am. After 43 years away, McGarvey returned to his mother’s home, which is nestled in a small creek of walnut trees. “This is a trusting community. We leave our doors unlocked but that doesn’t stop me from sleeping with a loaded gun by my bed.”
Although it has a population of just 1,600, Grayville has three bars. Its mayor is also its liquor commissioner. In contrast, Albion only went “wet” last year after years of prohibition. “We drink on the front porch,” says McGarvey. “In Albion they drink on the back porch. They are very puritanical. They call us the Grayville rednecks but we all drink from the same river.”
©Jason Andrew
Chowder at the Labor Day gathering
One hallmark of being Scots-Irish is military service. About a hundred men from Grayville fought in Vietnam. Dressed in jeans and T-shirt and sporting a grizzly beard and a straw hat, McGarvey is something of a local celebrity. “Everyone knows who I am,” he says. Jim Webb comes to visit every now and then. “These are his people,” says McGarvey. Another feature of the Scots-Irish is rural poverty. Grayville has plenty of that. “I was 18 before I saw my first toothbrush,” says McGarvey. “I don’t think my Dad used one in his life.”
McGarvey takes me on a drive around town to point out how much has changed. In the days of the oil boom, Grayville was an important railroad stop. When McGarvey was a child in the 1950s it was hard to find parking on the main street. Now it is literally a backwater. The train station closed. And the river that once ran through the bottom of the town meandered back on itself to become an oxbow lake. Soon, Grayville’s economy may be revived by fracking, says McGarvey. There are prospectors all around. In the meantime, it scrapes by. “I have to drive for 40 miles to Evansville, Indiana, to get a decent bottle of wine,” says McGarvey, whose years serving in the military, and then in the Department of Veterans Affairs in more urbane parts of the US, gave him a taste shared by few others in Grayville. He ended his career as an impresario at Tootsie’s Orchid Lounge in Nashville – home of country and western music, another Scots-Irish tradition.
When I ask McGarvey about what Scotland means to him, his reply surprises me. “I don’t think much about Scotland – my [Protestant] family came from Dublin,” he says. “If you get a chance to escape from British rule then you should grab it. The Irish chose to kill the bastards. The Scottish are doing it more diplomatically. Even today Ireland doesn’t have full independence.”
©Jason Andrew
A member of the Kyilindi Pipes & Drums in a Labor Day parade in Grayville, Illinois
The signs of McGarvey’s Celtic heritage are all around. Every September on Labor Day, several hundred McGarveys converge from all parts of the US on Grayville to partake of the annual family “chowder” – a gathering of the clan centred on the making of a vast 300-gallon soup that includes pretty much every wild animal to hand (squirrels, raccoons and even the occasional bear). There are bagpipes, tartan and other traditions. And there is more than enough moonshine to go round. “It’s a big old family tradition,” says McGarvey.
His single arm on the wheel, McGarvey takes me up the road for lunch at his local bar, a languid neon-lit joint with pool tables, fruit machines, a jukebox and chicken wings menu. We are joined by Billy McGarvey, Mac’s son, and other members of his family, including one of three brothers, in a mini-gathering of the clan. Mac sports the standard Marine tattoo – an eagle bestride the globe and the motto, Semper Fidelis (“always loyal”). Billy’s tattoo, which covers his left bicep, intrigues me more. It shows his skin ripped open to reveal a tartan layer beneath. It is a generic tartan. “We haven’t yet discovered the McGarvey tartan,” he says.
I ask them if they had heard that Scotland is holding a referendum. Most vaguely assent. I ask which way they would vote if they could. “Yes,” say five out of five voices. “Hell, yeeeees!” Billy adds for good measure. Then he apologises in case he has offended my feelings. I assure him he has not. “We don’t have anything against the English,” Mac explains. “But you should take your liberty when you can.”
Mac and his family epitomise every Scots-Irish trait that Webb has rhapsodised: instinctively egalitarian, independent and warmly hospitable – yet always ready to fight. These are gritty people. I couldn’t help speculating what they would think of the Scots if they voted No next week. Would that make them freedom-hating? Or would they pay it little heed? “We barely notice what is happening in Chicago [Grayville’s nearest metropolis] let alone Scotland,” admits McGarvey with a chuckle.
. . .
Much the opposite applies to Gus Noble, president of the Illinois Saint Andrew Society – the state’s oldest registered charity. Founded in 1845, Noble’s society plays host to the longest-running black-tie event in the Windy City. In November it will host its 169th annual Feast of the Haggis at the Palmer House Hilton. A soft-spoken and meticulously attired Scottish expatriate, Noble has agonised about Scotland’s choice since the referendum was set. “Though I don’t get to vote, I veer between yes and no – between the head and the heart – almost on a daily basis,” he admits.
©Jason Andrew
Robert Crawford, who owns one of America’s largest furniture rental firms, poses in the Crawford tartan with his wife Winnie at their Illinois home
Noble, whose Burns recitations are as theatrical as his day-to-day demeanour is gentle, admits it would be impolitic for him to declare a preference. Many of the society’s 1,200 members – a rollcall of much of Chicago’s business establishment – would be alienated, whichever call he made, he says. The society still stands for “God Save the Queen” at its gala events but it has added the “Flower of Scotland”. It was riven down the middle recently over an innovative recipe for haggis, which cannot be imported: it included lemongrass and ginger in addition to the traditional offal and oatmeal. “There were a few outraged traditionalists,” says Noble.
The longer he lives in the US – now 23 years – the more Scottish he feels. “I used to work at the British consulate in Chicago, then I ran its Welsh Development Office,” he says. “Whenever I walked into a room people would say, ‘There’s that Scottish guy.’ No one ever said, ‘Here’s that British guy.’ After a while that influences how you see yourself.” To illustrate America’s impact on his identity, Noble quotes Burns: “Oh wad some pow’r the giftie gie us, to see oursels as others see us.”
The romance of the Scottish saltire comes from some unlikely quarters. Noble’s wife, Aisha, is African-American, born and bred on Chicago’s north side. Now expecting her first child, she describes herself as her family’s amateur genealogist. Like many African-Americans, Aisha has searched relentlessly for her family’s original roots in Africa but has yet to come up with any strong leads. Quite without asking, however, she stumbled across a Scottish one. “It was only three years after I met Gus that my grandmother decided to tell me that her grandmother was Scottish,” says Aisha. “Her name was Laura Kincaid.”
Though I don’t get to vote, I veer between yes and no – between the head and the heart – almost on a daily basis
- Gus Noble, president of the Illinois Saint Andrew Society
At the various St Andrew Society events – from the Burns suppers to Tartan Day and the annual tossing of the caber – people often joke with Aisha that it must be hard for her to pull off the Scottish thing. She wears the Illinois state tartan. “You’re clearly not Scottish,” they say. Aisha is far too polite to rejoin that she might well have more Scottish lineage than some of her kilt-wearing fellow guests. “I just laugh and say that I feel at home when I visit Scotland – and I do,” she says. “In Scotland they accept me without question.” So steeped in Scotland has Aisha now become, that a Scottish-American group recently asked her to serve as an interpreter for a bunch of visiting Glaswegians. “I understand Glaswegian,” she says. “Most Americans don’t have a clue what they’re saying.” Like Gus, however, Aisha declined to say which way she would vote.
How will the US as a whole respond to next week’s referendum? That, of course, depends on the result. America’s foreign policy establishment finds the prospect of Britain’s break-up alarming but unlikely. At a time when Washington is beset by more global crises than at any time in recent memory, the very notion of Scotland separating from the UK causes puzzlement. Yet it is only since the the Yes camp edged ahead in at least one opinion poll that the US media has started to take notice. At a recent event at the Brookings Institution, Washington’s most eminent think-tank, George Robertson, the former secretary-general of Nato – and a Scot – described the prospect in almost apocalyptic terms. “The loudest cheers for the break-up of Britain would be from our adversaries and from our enemies,” he said. “For the second military power in the West to shatter this year would be cataclysmic in geopolitical terms.” His dark warning earned headlines back in the UK. But it barely merited a line in the US media.
Much like the marauding Picts whom Hadrian tried to seal off from the Roman empire, today’s Scots will only garner attention if they cause trouble. In spite of recent polls, much of the smart money is still on a No vote next week. But if today’s Scots retain anything in common with their cousins in places like Grayville, that forecast should be taken with a pinch of Caledonian salt. “The Scots are warriors and poets,” Jim Webb told me – with his trademark dash of romance. “Wherever they are in time or in geography, that has usually held true.”
Edward Luce is the FT’s chief US commentator
Photographs: Jason Andrew

Wall Street meets the Little Mermaid© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/883cfb94-3a62-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

I give advice to strangers© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8db1dd74-387d-11e4-9fc2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Caller from UP demands release of Asaram; threatens to target AI flightsCaller from UP demands release of Asaram; threatens to target AI flights
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  Udaipur, September 14, 2014
First Published: 20:43 IST(14/9/2014) | Last Updated: 22:38 IST(14/9/2014)
Comments
The Udaipur Airport was put on high alert after an anonymous call was received by the facility, which threatened to disrupt Air India flights and create chaos across the country, if self-styled godman Asaram Bapu, presently in jail for an alleged sexual assault on a minor, is not released within 15 days, police said Sunday.
 
Udaipur additional superintendent of police (Rural) Rewant Dan said the call was made in the morning to the airport.
 
“The call was received by assistant manager Saroj Meena of the air traffic control at around 8 am,” said Dan.
 
“The caller said if Asaram was not released, Air India flights will be targeted and threatened to create mayhem across the country.”
 
Police have traced the SIM card of the phone from which the call was made and are trying to verify the caller’s identity, the ASP said. 
 
“The SIM is issued in the name of one Dharmendra Kumar of Rani Kheda, in the Lal Ganj area of Rai Bareli in Uttar Pradesh. We are trying to ascertain if the identity of the caller and the SIM card owner is the same.”
 
Dan said the Udaipur police are coordinating with its Uttar Pradesh counterparts to trace the caller.
 
The Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), which guards the facility, has tightened security and increased its vigil, police said.
 
An FIR has been lodged against the anonymous caller at Dabok police and police has started investigations.
 
The controversial self-styled godman is lodged in the Jodhpur central jail since September 2 last year after he was booked in a sexual assault case.
 
A 16-year-old girl had lodged a police complaint on August 20, 2013, accusing him of sexually assaulting her at his ashram in Jodhpur.
 
Asaram’s supporters have on several occasions staged sit-in protests outside the jail and attacked police and media persons protesting against allegations, which they claim are false.

The battle within: Are US women joining the ISIS jihad in West Asiaprint
US law enforcement is investigating a new phenomenon of women from the American heartland joining Islamic State as President Barack Obama vows to cut off the militants' recruiting at home.
At least three Somali families in the Minneapolis-St. Paul area have female relatives who have gone missing in the past six weeks and may have tried to join Islamic State, said community leader Abdirizak Bihi. He said that while the reasons for their disappearance were unclear, he had told the families to contact police.
In a separate case, a 19-year-old American Somali woman from St. Paul snuck away from her parents on Aug. 25 saying she was going to a bridal shower. Instead, she flew to Turkey and joined IS in Syria.
Home to the biggest Somali community in the United States, the Twin Cities area of Minnesota has been plagued by terrorist recruiting since the Somali group al-Shabaab began enlisting in America around 2007.
This year, law enforcement officials say they learned of 15-20 men with connections to the Minnesota Somali community fighting for extremist groups in Syria. They included Douglas Authur McCain, a convert to Islam, who was killed in battle this summer.
The St. Paul woman is the first case of an area female joining IS that has been made public although her family have asked for her name to be kept private because it fears retaliation from Islamists.
Greg Boosalis, FBI division counsel in Minneapolis, said law enforcement was investigating the possible recruitment in the area by Islamist extremists of other females, as well as males, but refused to comment on specific cases.
"We are looking into the possibility of additional men and women travelers," he said.
Somali leaders and sources close to police worry that the reports of female would-be jihadis from the region could mark a new trend.
The St. Paul woman is highly likely to have been recruited by IS through Islamist sympathizers in the United States, rather than joining the group on her own, they said. At least one other woman is suspected of helping her leave the United States.
Another US teenager, nurse's aide Shannon Conley, 19, from Colorado, pleaded guilty this week to trying to travel to the Middle East to enroll in IS. She was arrested at Denver International Airport in April with a one-way ticket and had been recruited online by a male militant in Syria.
Nipping domestic extremism in the bud before Americans try to join terrorist groups is part of Obama's strategy against Islamic State announced in a televised address last week.
Along with an aerial bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria, Obama pledged that the government would "intervene with at-risk individuals before they become radicalized toward violence and decide to travel abroad to Syria and Iraq to join ISIL."
He said authorities would offer "tailored domestic programs to prevent violent extremism and radicalization" but gave no more details.
The Somali woman from St. Paul who traveled to Syria attended a mosque near the eastern bank of the Mississippi River which had previously attracted suspected extremists. In June, the mosque banned an Egyptian-American man it said was spreading radical ideology.
The woman told a relative after leaving the United States that she wanted to help children in IS-controlled territory in Syria.
"The nature of the recruitment of these crazy organizations is how they use the element of surprise. Now they have surprised us again by going for the girls," said Bihi, speaking about the St. Paul woman who he said was targeted by recruiters.
Bihi's teenaged nephew was killed in Somalia in 2009 after being persuaded to join al-Shabaab while in Minnesota.
"Baby factories"
While foreign women who join Islamic State often envision aiding a holy war or at least playing an active role in establishing a purist Islamic nation, the reality can be more mundane.
Monitoring of extremists' social media accounts and other writings shows that male jihadis regard women counterparts as little more than mating partners, said Mia Bloom, from the Center for Terrorism and Security Studies at the University of Massachusetts Lowell.
"ISIS is recruiting these women in order to be baby factories. They are seeing the establishment of an Islamic state and now they need to populate the state," Bloom said.
Scores of European Muslim women, mostly from Britain and France, have joined IS in the Middle East.
Denver teenager Conley became engaged to an Islamic State militant in Syria who she met online. Jihadist groups like al Qaeda and IS usually only put women near the frontline in emergencies, Bloom said.
Some young foreign women have been deployed to Islamic State checkpoints in northern Syria where they pat down other women to search for weapons and force local females to abide by strict Islamic dress codes.
But snapshots on social media of the female jihadis' lives in Syria more often show that, "the girls go around making cookies. It's almost like a jihadi Tupperware party," Bloom said.
The main worry for law enforcement is that US militants will one day return to the United States and attack targets.
"The obvious fear is of individuals coming back and committing a terrorist act here," said the FBI's Boosalis. The FBI has been working with the Somali community in Minnesota for years to help it combat radical Islamists.

Samsung accuses LG executives of damaging its productsSamsung accuses LG executives of damaging its products
AP
print
Samsung Electronics Co. has accused senior executives of domestic rival LG Electronics Inc. of intentionally vandalizing its washing machines at retail stores in Germany and has asked for an official investigation.
In a statement Sunday, Samsung said it had asked the Seoul Central District Prosecutors' Office to investigate executives from a Korean company who were seen as damaging its washing machines displayed at shopping malls in Berlin. A Samsung spokesman confirmed that the Korean company referred to was LG.
"The people in question have been implicated in deliberately destroying Samsung washing machines displayed at retail stores in Berlin, Germany, where, at the time, the annual IFA electronics trade show was underway," Samsung's statement said. "It is very unfortunate that Samsung had to request that a high-ranking executive be investigated by the nation's legal authorities, but this was inevitable ... the truth must be revealed for the sake of fostering fair competition."
LG Electronics denied Samsung's claim. It said in a statement that while it is true that some of its executives and staff, including a president, had visited a Berlin store and looked at various products, it is common for its employees to examine rival company's products abroad.
"If our company had an intention to destroy products of a certain company to tarnish the image of the product, it would be commonsensical to not have our executives to directly carry out such acts," LG's statement said. "We hope that this incident is not an effort to tarnish our company, which is the global No. 1 maker of washing machines."
LG said the model in question had weak hinges, but it did not say whether its executives had damaged the products.
Samsung said LG tarnished both its brand image and the reputation of its employees with claims that its washing machines were defective.

Scotland s independence battle reaches fever...You are here: Home > Collections > Bbc
Scotland's independence battle reaches fever pitch on streets and screens
Reuters Sep 14, 2014, 11.53PM IST
Tags:
Alex Salmond
(Scottish National Party…)
GLASGOW: Thousands of independence supporters took to the streets of Scotland's largest city, Glasgow, on Sunday as polls showed the rival camps running desperately close just five days before a referendum which could bring the break-up of the United Kingdom.
Separatist and unionist leaders worked across the country to woo undecided voters among the four million people Scots and Scotland residents who will vote on their future on Thursday.
Scottish National Party leader Alex Salmond, who has spearheaded the drive for independence, said he was confident the "Yes" campaign would win.
"We're not aiming to win by one vote. We're aiming to achieve a substantial majority if we can," he said on the BBC.
Alistair Darling, a former British finance minister and leader of the "Better Together" campaign, warned that if Scots vote to split from the United Kingdom, it would be an irreversible decision that would bring economic doom and gloom.
With promises from British political leaders of greater powers for Scotland in the event of a "No" vote, Scots could have the best of both worlds, Darling said.
And Queen Elizabeth, coming out of a Sunday morning church service near her Scottish residence Balmoral, told a well-wisher she hoped Scots would think very carefully about the future.
In Glasgow, the blue badges of the "Yes" to independence campaign dominated central Buchanan Street, with a convoy of cars driving through the downtown waving "Yes" banners and tooting horns. Buskers also sang in support of independence and a bagpipe-and-drum band drew a large crowd.
The Glasgow vote will be crucial to the result, given the city's size.
Thousands of people marched to the BBC headquarters, complaining that the state-run broadcaster was biased against the "Yes" campaign.
"We pay our license fees. We don't want them to favour us - we were just marching for an impartial state broadcaster," said Liz, a teacher.
Salmond has frequently accused the BBC - which could be carved up if Scotland votes for independece - of siding with the unionists. A BBC spokesperson said the corporation has been "rigorously impartial".
But the incident showed the high emotions and divisions stirred by the referendum, which could result in the end of the 307-year-old union with England and the break-up of the United Kingdom.
"No one wants to forget what we achieved together during the two World Wars. But where's the vision for the future?" said Ian, an IT manager from Glasgow who had been on the march.
Independence supporters say it is time for Scotland to choose its own leaders and rule itself, free of control from London and politicians they say ignore their views and needs.
"No" campaigners say Scotland is more secure and prosperous as part of the United Kingdom and the end of the union would destroy three centuries of bonds and shared history as well as bring in economic and financial hardship.
More than 4 million Scots as well as English and foreign residents, from the Highands and Islands to Glasgow's gritty inner city estates, are eligible to vote. The question on the ballot paper will ask simply: "Should Scotland be an independent country?"
Out of four new polls, three showed those in favour of maintaining the union with a lead of between 2 and 8 percentage points. But an ICM poll conducted over the Internet showed supporters of independence in the lead with 54 percent and unionists on 46 percent.
RELOCATION PLANS
Last week, Scottish-based banks including RBS said they had plans to relocate should independence happen, big retailers spoke of possible price rises north of the border and Germany's Deutsche Bank warned of economic meltdown.
  Salmond has dismissed this as a London-contrived campaign of bullying and scare-mongering. However, the pound had dropped on market concerns of a "Yes" victory and investors have pulled billions out of British financial assets.
The biggest financial question is what currency an independent Scotland would use. Salmond insists it would keep the pound in a currency union with the rump UK, but Prime Minister David Cameron and others have ruled this out.
Until September, all polls but one in 2013 had shown the unionists with a comfortable lead. But such is the gravity of the situation that finance minister George Osborne cancelled a trip to the G20 meeting in Australia after the vote. Bank of England Governor Mark Carney will leave the G20 meeting early.
The Queen's comment was taken by unionists as a sign of support for Scotland remaining within the United Kingdom. A Buckingham Palace source stressed that the queen was constitutionbally above politics and would express no view.
Salmond has said she should stay on as Queen of Scots if indpendence happens.
Meanwhile the head of the Church of Scotland appealed for Scots to put their differences aside and reconcile after the referendum, whatever the outcome.
In a nationally-broadcast sermon at Edinburgh's St. Mary's Episcopal Cathedral, Reverend John Chalmers urged Scots to vote.
But he added: "The real success of next Thursday will be that...every voice will continue to play its part in shaping the kind of Scotland that people in Scotland vote for," he said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

New five-year foreign trade policy by Sept-endComments
The government will announce a new five-year foreign trade policy this month, which is likely to include incentives for domestic value-added products, new rules for special economic zones (SEZs) and a probable review of free trade agreements (FTAs) that India had signed with various countries and group of nations.
Last week, commerce and industry minister Nirmala Sitharaman had said that the new foreign trade policy (2014-19) will be “different”.
The export policy is also likely to have incentives for “domestic value addition (DVA)” — the proportion of exports truly produced in India that will be dovetailed with the “Make in India” programme, which Prime Minister Narendra Modi will unveil later this month.
A higher DVA component in exports is important for job creation and boosting domestic manufacturing. “The DVA component in exports has been declining — alternatively the foreign value-added (FVA) portion of exports has been on the rise due to greater integration with the global supply chain,” Crisil, a credit rating and research firm, said in a recent research report.
In the textile sector, for instance, the FVA component of exports has more than doubled from 8% in 1995 to 18% in 2009. A similar trend was seen in electrical equipment and other manufacturing exports as well.
The government was also examining the tax policies governing SEZs including the minimum alternate tax (MAT) and the dividend distribution tax (DDT) levied on these export-focussed duty free enclaves.
“The SEZ norms could be relaxed and made more flexible to allow units to sell their products in India also,” a source said.
The SEZ developers have been demanding a roll-back of MAT, which was first imposed in 2012, as well as easing of the DDT on SEZs.

Candidate photos on EVMs soon to counter duplicatesSoon, voting machines will have candidate photos
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 15, 2014
First Published: 01:26 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:58 IST(15/9/2014)
Comments
Electronic voting machines will soon carry photos of all poll hopefuls to curb the age-old electoral practice of confusing voters by fielding dummy candidates with similar names.
The election commission has set up an expert committee to design photo EVMs, likely to be rolled out in Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir, which are slated to go to the polls later this year.
Dummy candidates often swing close elections, polling more votes than the winning margin. The practice was widespread in May’s general elections, where around half of the constituencies had two or more candidates with similar names.
In Chhattisgarh’s Mahasamund, Congress’ Ajit Jogi fielded 10 candidates with the same name as his BJP opponent Chandulal Sahu but narrowly lost the seat. Actor Hema Malini also had to defeat nearly half a dozen other Hemas in Mathura.
Others weren’t so lucky. Shazia Ilmi of the Aam Aadmi Party lost last December’s Delhi elections from RK Puram by less than 400 votes after dummy candidates received a sizeable share of votes.
In spite of this, the menace wasn’t taken seriously by the poll watchdog till a recent Supreme Court directive. In a PIL, lawyer Sunil Goel suggested photos of candidates on EVMs would help in dealing with the problem of dummy candidates.
“We agree that photos on EVMs can help voters in selecting the candidate of their choice,” a senior EC functionary said.
The challenge, however, is to redesign the ballot paper used in EVMs, located on the left side of the machines next to the buttons used to vote. The ballot paper contains the list of candidates and their poll symbols.
“We will have to see how photos can be accommodated since there is very little space available on the ballot paper used in the machines,” the EC official said.
In some states, the ballot paper contains candidates’ names in two or three languages. The EC has also directed that the poll symbol be printed prominently on the ballot paper.
The expert committee will submit its recommendations on redesigning the EVM ballot paper soon but it won’t be applicable to the recently-announced Maharashtra and Haryana elections.

Data theft threat sees rise in cyber security insurancepoliciesInsurers said companies that face a higher threat of cyber crime are also hiring “certified ethical hackers” who help them mitigate such risks. (Source: Reuters)
Written by Sandeep Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 2:46 am
Last week, over 5 million email IDs and passwords of Gmail users were reported to have been hacked. With the rising threat of data breach emerging as a major risk area for companies, general insurance companies are offering cover against financial losses arising out of such data loss. In the last four months, about 35 companies have bought such insurance covers of up to Rs 300 crore.
At least three leading general insurers — Tata AIG, ICICI Lombard and HDFC Ergo — have already launched insurance schemes
offering cover against cyber risk, and others like Bajaj Allianz and Reliance General Insurance are working on such a product in view of the rising demand. While the maximum cover provided so far is Rs 300 crore, insurers say they can increase it to Rs 600 crore depending on the requirement of the customer.
When HDFC Ergo launched its standalone cyber security policy a couple of years ago, it found only a couple of customers in the first year. But in the last few months, it has seen a sharp rise in the demand for such schemes. Both Tata AIG and ICICI Lombard launched their policy this year. While insurers declined to share the names of companies that have taken the policies, they said most of the customers are BPOs and IT companies which handle third party data. The list also includes banks and financial institutions.
The policy does not come cheap. The annual premium for a Rs 10 crore cover is Rs 12-18 lakh, and Rs 2.4-3 crore for a Rs 300 crore cover, depending on whether the data belongs to customers in India or abroad.
“If the data loss involves Indian customers, the financial downside is less and hence it means a lower premium as compared to cases where the data involves customers in the US and UK. The law in the US and UK requires that in case of data breach, the company has to inform all the customers, which involves huge cost. In India,  there is no such requirement and customers are only required to be compensated if they sue the company,” said Sushant Sarin, head of liabilities, at Tata AIG General Insurance.
“The premiums are high because the risk is very high. It is not just the loss that the company suffers financially but its about data records… mostly BPOs and IT companies take the policy as they handle third party data,” said Mukesh Kumar, ED, HDFC Ergo General Insurance.
Indicating the magnitude of the risk, a Delhi High Court-commissioned report released earlier this year said cyber crimes cost India about Rs 24,630 crore in 2013.
Insurers said they have seen a sharp jump in enquiries and requests for quotation from companies. “As India goes digital and e-commerce takes off, the cyber risk will increase. Therefore, there will be a continued…

Public sector stake sales open up more investmentavenuesA man looks at a screen across the road displaying the election results on the facade of the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) building in Mumbai May 16, 2014. (Source: Reuters photo)
Written by Surabhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 2:40 am
With stock markets on a roll, equity investments have regained their lustre. As an added bonus, investors keen to invest in the markets will also have a plethora of stocks of public sector units to choose from.While approvals for a few disinvestment issues were already in place, the government also opened the gates for three big ticket stake sales with the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs on September 10 approving disinvestment in Coal India, Oil and Natural Gas Corporation and NHPC. Proposals for stake sales in a few more PSUs are expected to be approved over the next few weeks.
The first issue — a 5 per cent disinvestment in Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL)— is likely to take place later this month. “We are focussing on stake sales in about eight to nine PSUs this fiscal. The objective is that not only will it help raise funds for the government to fund the fiscal deficit but will also benefit the public which can invest in these companies,” said a senior official from the department of disinvestment (DoD).
Additionally, for retail investors, there are also options such as the exchange traded funds of public sector units as well as planned residual stake sales in Balco and Hindustan Zinc, the modalities of which are still being finalised.
While the Bombay Stock Exchange Sensex has jumped up by over 4,500 points since May 1 this year to cross 27,000 points, the Nifty too saw a record high of 8,500 points.
Disinvestment – what it holds for the retail investors:
The government is always keen to encourage retail participation in disinvestment issues as it believes that it is a way to ensure public ownership of public assets. Analysts too agree that public sector firms, on the whole, are a good bet to invest in given their stable nature and government backing. But they warn that pricing of the scrip is crucial.
“For PSU stocks, pricing is the main issue. So retail investors need to watch out for when the issue takes place and what it is priced at. Usually, there is a discount for retail investors as well, which helps make the valuation attractive,” said Vinod Nair, head-fundamental research, Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services. Apart from the big ticket divestment issues, the year is also significant as the government plans to change its divestment strategy a bit and focus more on the offer for sale route.
As of now, only two stake sales are planned through initial public offers while the remaining are through the OFS route. “There is less paperwork required in terms of filing continued…

UK aid worker killed in third ISISbeheadingHaines, a 44-year-old father of two from Perth in Scotland, was kidnapped last year while working for the French agency ACTED. (Source: AP)
Agencies | Baghdad | Posted: September 15, 2014 2:37 am
The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) released a video on Saturday which purported to show the third beheading of a foreign hostage,  British aid worker David Cawthorne Haines, in less than a month.
Confirming Haines’ slaying, British Prime Minister David Cameron said, “This is a despicable and appalling murder of an innocent aid worker. It is an act of pure evil… We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes.” He called an emergency meeting of his top advisers on Sunday morning.
The video emerged a day after Haines’ family issued a public plea late Friday urging his captors to contact them. It shows Haines, wearing an orange jumpsuit and kneeling on a bare hill under the open sky, in a landscape that appears identical to where two American journalists, James Foley and Steven Sotloff, were killed by the group in back-to-back executions in the past month.
Haines, a 44-year-old father of two from Perth in Scotland, was kidnapped last year while working for the French agency ACTED.
In the moments before his death, Haines is forced to read a script in which he blames his country’s leaders for his killing. “I would like to declare that I hold you, David Cameron, entirely responsible for my execution… You entered voluntarily into a coalition with the United States against the Islamic State… Unfortunately, it is we the British public that in the end will pay the price for our Parliament’s selfish decisions,” he says.
Foley and Sotloff made similar speeches to US President Barack Obama, which have been dismissed as scripted by ISIS and delivered under duress.
The video entitled, “A Message to the Allies of America,” opens with Cameron talking about working with the Iraqi government and allied Kurdish Peshmerga forces to defeat ISIS. “This British man has to pay the price for your promise, Cameron, to arm the Peshmerga against the Islamic State,” says a masked man dressed in black with a British accent, standing over Haines. The video then shows the beheading of the kneeling man.
At the end of the video, another hostage, identified as Alan Henning, is shown and the masked man says he will be killed if Cameron continues to support the fight against Islamic State. The purported executioner appears to be the same British-accented man who appeared in videos with Foley and Sotloff.

CBI arrests owners of two Orissa mediagroupsPrint
Written by Debabrata Mohanty | Bhubaneswar | Posted: September 15, 2014 3:03 am
Intensifying its probe into the multi-crore chit fund scam in Orissa, the CBI on Sunday night arrested Manoj Dash, owner of Oriya TV channel Kamyab TV, and Madhu Mohanty, owner of Oriya daily Odisha Bhaskar, over their alleged link with chit fund firm Artha Tatwa.
Mohanty allegedly took Rs 65 lakh from Artha Tatwa chief Pradeep Sethy for his business, but did not return the money. He also forcibly occupied Sethy’s flat in Sailashree Vihar area of Bhubaneswar. Similarly, Dash took money from Sethy, but did not return it. The two were grilled by the CBI for hours.
On September 5, CBI sleuths had arrested Bikash Kumar Swain, owner of Oriya  daily Suryaprava over his business transaction with Artha Tatwa Group.
The probe into the scam is expected to become embarrassing for the state government with CBI sleuths interrogating Ashish Sahoo, member of BJD executive committee, on Sunday for over four hours regarding his link with Artha Tatwa group. On Saturday, the CBI had grilled general secretary of Biju Yuva Janata Dal, youth wing of BJD, Biswaranjan Khatei alias Bapi. Khatei was grilled for more than one and a half hours by the CBI over BJD’s alleged links with the chit fund scam.

Can wind from moving train generate power PMOs curious query toRailwaysExperts have dismissed the idea of windmills being installed along railway tracks to produce electricity, utilising the wind generated by fast moving trains. (Source: File photo)
Written by Avishek G Dastidar | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 3:02 am
The Prime Minister’s Office (PMO) has sent the Railways Ministry into a tizzy over an idea it received from an 81-year-old resident of Gujarat —  that windmills be installed along railway tracks to produce electricity, utilising the wind generated by fast moving trains.
Vipin Trivedi of Ahmedabad, a former employee of Bank of Baroda’s Agriculture and Rural Development wing who retired in 1991, sent the idea by post to the PMO. The PMO, in turn, forwarded it to the Railways Ministry, asking it to explore the “techno-economic” feasibility of the idea, and sought regular updates.
Since the idea came from the PMO, Rail Bhawan officials started serious communication with Trivedi, but also politely told him that it did not sound doable. As per documents accessed by The Indian Express, Railways said Trivedi could be called in the future to give more technical details about his idea. Trivedi is waiting.
“One day, I was travelling by train and the idea just struck me. So I discussed it with my gurubhai (disciples of a godman) who knew a man who had worked closely with Narendrabhai (Modi) in overhauling Gujarat’s power sector. That man is now posted as the Additional Principal Secretary to the PM in Delhi. So I sent the idea to him by post,” Trivedi told The Indian Express from the Nandigram Ashram in Bharuch last week, where he was attending a course on “spiritual wellbeing”. “If they call me to Delhi, they should be willing to seriously discuss the idea,” he said.
Although nobody in the ministry was convinced about Trivedi’s idea, top Rail Bhawan officials have been applying their time and energy, keeping the Chairman, Railway Board, informed as well.
“A train will pass the windmill in less than 20 seconds. Even if there is a train every 15 minutes, a windmill can operate for only 25 minutes per day. This will not be viable economically. Further, the energy produced by the windmills would have to come from the trains only, which will consume extra energy,” said a mail Trivedi received from the ministry on September 1.
The email exchange has been regular. Another email sent a few days before that said, “We will, however, like to have some more technical details with regard to your suggestion, which may be sent to us for further detailed examination.”
Rail Bhawan officials told The Indian Express that the idea was not workable and they would communicate this to the PMO. “There is nothing wrong with anyone in the country coming up with any new idea. It is our job to take them seriously and see if they can be executed,” said a senior ministry official.
When contacted, Prof Anil Gupta of IIM Ahmedabad, an expert in alternative sources of energy, told The Indian Express, “This is not a practicable idea. Especially with continued…

Now toilets scheme for urbanareasPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 2:58 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 9:02 am
After unveiling a plan for toilets in rural areas, the NDA government has decided to extend the project in cities and towns.
The Urban Development ministry is working on an ambitious project that will ensure toilets to all the people living in urban areas.
The scheme is likely to benefit slum dwellers and people living in unauthorised colonies who do not have access to basic sanitation facilities.
According to the latest National Sample Survey Office (NSSO) data, nearly 12 per cent of urban population still does not have access to toilets and the government will give an assistance of Rs 10,000 per family to build toilets near their homes.
“We are giving final shape to the proposal of building toilets also in urban areas, specially slums. We will be soon moving the Cabinet and disbursing the money required to build toilets to each household through the states,” said Shankar Aggarwal, secretary, Urban Development.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has already invited suggestions for the Swachh Bharat Mission to be launched on October 2 on Mahatma Gandhi’s birthday.
A senior UD ministry official said the plan to build toilets in urban areas will be done through the state governments.
“The states will be an important part of the scheme. The money allocated by the Centre will not be directly given out to households. There will be active state participation where we will give them incentives to encourage people with no access to toilets to build one,” said a senior official.
The government is also looking at innovative technologies to build toilets that do not occupy much space.
“A survey will be done through each municipal body and people will be made aware about the government’s scheme. The local municipal corporation will (also) be involved. There will be another layer of checks and balances to see the money is not misused or is embezzled. All these things are under consideration,” said an official.

After Sena warning on lust for seats  BJP talks ofimpotencyUddhav, whose relation with BJP is under strain over seat-sharing for the assembly poll, also sought to assert the pre-eminence of Shiv Sena in Maharashtra politics. Source: PTI
Written by Shubhangi Khapre | Mumbai | Posted: September 15, 2014 2:54 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 10:48 am
The seat-sharing talks between the BJP and Shiv Sena hit a roadblock on Sunday, a day after Sena president Uddhav Thackeray indicated that he was in the race for the Chief Minister’s post.
The day witnessed high drama amid political posturing by both sides. With the Sena sticking to its demand for 150 seats, Union Minister and senior BJP leader Prakash Javadekar warned of “pressure from cadre to contest all 288 seats”. Thackeray retorted by convening a meeting to review poll preparations for all 288 seats.
BJP sources said the Sena’s “high handedness and rhetoric” — undermining the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and projecting Thackeray as the CM candidate — had put further strain on the alliance.
Adding to the unease in the BJP, an editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamana said, “The demand for more sex can lead to divorce… Allies in the coalition must dream of a victory. For this, all parties must give up the lust for more seats.”
A senior BJP leader quipped on Sunday, “I would like to warn that impotency can also become a cause of divorce.”
In Pune, BJP general secretary in-charge of Maharashtra, Rajiv Pratap Rudy, said the party wants an “alliance of equals”. He said while 18 seats would be allotted to smaller allies like RPI (Athawale) and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, the remaining 270 seats should be divided equally between the BJP and Sena.
This means the BJP would get 135 seats, 16 more than last time. In the 2009 Assembly polls, the Sena had contested 169 seats and the BJP 119.
But a Sena leader said, “We are willing to come down to 150 seats, which means we are already conceding 19 seats. These 19 seats can be divided between the smaller allies. BJP has nothing to lose as it can retain its old share of 119 seats.”
According to another formula doing the rounds, the BJP has sought 126 seats for itself, 18 for smaller allies while offering 144 to the Sena. Following its success in the Lok Sabha polls, the BJP is not willing to concede more seats to the Sena.
“We have made it clear that we will not accept anything less than 150 seats,” said Sena MP Sanjay Raut.
Meanwhile, rejecting Thackeray’s claim, Leader of Opposition in the Assemby Eknath Khadse said, “The CM candidate will be decided after the results. The party which will win more seats will have the right to the post.”
BJP spokesperson Madhav Bhandari said, “There cannot be a compromise on the state leadership. Party president Amit Shah has already stated at our conclave in Mumbai continued…

Bill stuck so cannot create DNA data bank: Centre toSCPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 2:51 am
The Centre has informed the Supreme Court that the Human DNA Profiling Bill was currently held up and hence it was not in a position to create a national DNA data bank. It cited privacy concerns, lack of experts and handful laboratories as the prime reasons for not being able to push the Bill aimed at profiling the accused of serious crimes, and unidentified dead.
“DNA Profiling Bill is at present held up because privacy concerns have been raised by certain experts and NGOs. These concerns are being addressed by an Expert Committee set up by the Department of Biotechnology,” the Ministry of Science and Technology stated in a recent affidavit, adding the Committee was awaiting relevant inputs on the matter.
The apex court had in July suggested the Centre to create a DNA data bank, while agreeing with a plea by NGO Lokniti Foundation that establishment of identity was an essential feature of individual dignity and the government must resort to modern scientific methods.
The proposal to create a national DNA data bank was originally mooted in 2007, but it was dropped to factor in ethical, moral and legal issues on the sensitive matter. Crafted by the Department of Biotechnology, the Bill allows Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) profiling to help national law enforcement agencies and others in crime investigation and civil proceedings.
The government said DNA profiling was a complex technology, and that these activities needed appropriate regulation to prevent the misuse of the samples and DNA profiles, which could be achieved by the provisions in the draft Human DNA Profiling Bill.
The government stated that the proposed framework required “large number of trained personnel, which the country does not have at the moment.” It said that as per the international standards, one DNA examiner can undertake 100 cases per year and hence, only for the purpose of identifying 40,000 unidentified dead bodies, India would need at least 400 examiners.
However, the government said, the country had only 30 to 40 DNA experts against an estimated requirement of around 800 technical examiners for its 1,200 million population. “Therefore, it is necessary to set up large number of DNA testing units with skilled personnel who are capable of handling forensic DNA testing for identification of unidentified dead bodies,” it said.
Further, the process is resource-intensive as Rs 20,000 is the average cost of each test and the estimated cost of identifying 40,000 bodies would be Rs 80 crore every year, in addition to the remuneration of the examiners and support staff.

Omar takes over relief ops  boats to carry medical aidComments
The Omar Abdullah government is now taking “charge” of the relief operations in Jammu and Kashmir. Meanwhile, the Union health ministry proposes to mobilise boats to send medical supplies to the people trapped in the submerged areas of Srinagar and are finding it impossible to venture out of their houses.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Read: Fresh rains hamper rescue ops in flood-hit Kashmir
“The chief minister has directed his officials to mobilise the available boats and start something on an urgent basis. I am also arranging for accelerating the supply side especially in respect of doctors and health workers,” said Union health minister Harsh Vardhan in New Delhi after returning from the flood ravaged areas in the Jammy and Kashmir on Sunday.
People suffering from diabetes and hypertension among the cut-off population need to be urgently rushed their dozes of medicines. Only boats laden with such drugs can access such people, added the minster. The central government had also sent 80 women gynaecologists. To supply clean drinking water, four RO plants with capacity to purify 2 lakh litres of water a day have been installed. Another 12 smaller plants will be fitted on boats to move around and supply portable water.
Read: Fresh fear rains on Valley
Pointing out that a number of diseases could spread because of the of dead animals lying around, he urged the launch of an information-education-communication-intervention offensive to make people conscious of the need to boil water before drinking and observing other hygienic parameters of the present situation. The state has set up three sites for receipt and onward distribution of relief material. Now only dry ration and dry eatables are being distributed through helicopters by landing at distribution sites and through boats as air dropping of supplies has been stopped.
(With inputs from HT Correspondent, New Delhi)

$50K Reward Offered for Tips on Trooper s Slaying$50k reward offered for tips on trooper s slaying
Anglosphere draws Asian entrepreneursLast updated: September 14, 2014 8:57 pm
Asian entrepreneurs still drawn to ‘Anglosphere’
By Andrew Bounds, Enterprise Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/53bf48f4-3a94-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Out of my mind: Break awayIt was the advent of Margaret Thatcher which caused the first rupture. Her party failed to win a single of the 60-odd seats in Scotland in 1987. (Source: Reuetrs photo)
Written by Meghnad Desai | Posted: September 14, 2014 12:28 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 9:29 am
In four days, we will know whether Scotland will vote for independence or to stay within the United Kingdom. It is a historic event. The entire debate has been conducted in a civilised manner. There has been little intimidation or violence except for trolls on Twitter and rotten eggs thrown occasionally.
The United Kingdom is not a federation, nor is it strictly a nation-state. It is a kingdom united under a single crown. Wales was conquered by the English in the 13th Century. When Elizabeth the First died, leaving no heirs, James, the King of the Scots, was invited to take over the throne of England.
In 1707, a union was negotiated between Scotland and England. By then, Ireland had also been conquered, so the United Kingdom of England and Wales, Scotland and Ireland was born. It remained one of the most centralised polities until the late 20th Century. But Scotland had a special status. It had its own law and courts, its education system and its Church which did not owe allegiance to the Anglican Church. The Scots became a vital part of the Empire and integrated in the Union while keeping their identity distinct.
It was the advent of Margaret Thatcher which caused the first rupture. Her party failed to win a single of the 60-odd seats in Scotland in 1987. To this was added the piloting of the poll tax (a community charge) in Scotland before its introduction in England. The poll tax was Mrs Thatcher’s nemesis. It brought her down but it also gave an impetus to the Scots to ask why should they be governed by a party which they had rejected. A popular debate began which then became the Scottish Convention. All UK political parties except the Conservatives joined it along with many from the civil society.
Scotland won devolution when Labour came to power in 1997. It had freedom to decide policy in education and health. It had its own separate spending limits since the mid-Seventies. Now it had limited power to change the tax rate. Devolution was to counter the Scottish nationalist movement. Scotland was given its own Parliament. Soon, Wales followed and Northern Ireland as well. The UK became a model for devolution for the rest of Europe where there were regional nationalisms — the Basques and the Catalans in Spain, for example.
Yet, as in many colonies, conceding limited demands did not satisfy the Scots. The Scottish Nationalist Party defeated Labour Party and came to power on its own. Alex Salmond, its populist leader, has run a campaign for independence from its initial hopelessness continued…

Fifth column: Parivartan needed urgentlyOnce a child is confined behind its high walls, it can only be released by the Child Welfare Committee after a hearing. (Source: Reuters)
Written by Tavleen Singh | Posted: September 14, 2014 12:36 am
There are ancient problems in our ancient land that are as important as national security and the economic slowdown, but us political pundits prefer to ignore them. In a twisted idea of patriotism, we choose not to shine a light on the darker facets of Indian democracy. Since we now have a prime minister who himself has taken to shining a light on the darker sides of Indian democracy and governance, I am going to do my bit, in my usual humble fashion, to help him whenever I can. What you are about to read today in this column is part of this endeavour.
Last week I got a telephone call that reminded me painfully that unless the nature of the Indian State changes, there will never be ‘parivartan’ or ‘vikas’. Four years ago, I helped rescue two little girls from the Dongri Children’s Home in Mumbai, where they had been confined for the ‘crime of begging’. Maisura and Megha were less than seven years old and could not understand why they were taken away from their parents. Nor were they old enough to understand crime and punishment. But the mighty Indian State treated them as criminals. The case against their mothers for abetting their crime continues. So a summons arrived last week for them to appear in court. In complete panic, one of them, Roopa, rang me to ask for the number of a lawyer.
Roopa has grown up on the streets of Mumbai. If you ask her what her childhood was like, she bursts into tears and tells you she was hungry all the time. “We used to be sent off in the morning to try and make some money,” she says, “and if we came back without earning some, we would get no food”.
Roopa lives in a corner of a car park behind the Air India building on Marine Drive and has no means of defending herself in court. But the Indian State that has failed to provide her or her family with basic services is now hounding her with this pointless court case that has gone on for four years. Instead, there should be a case against the Dongri Children’s Home, that is more prison than welfare institution. Once a child is confined behind its high walls, it can only be released by the Child Welfare Committee after a hearing.
Megha and Maisura cried so much when they were in custody that I appealed to a senior police officer to help me. All he could do was speed up the hearing, and this did not go down well with the presiding officer, Shaila Mhatre. She was a smug, middle-class lady continued…

Flip side: Dangling the participlesPrint
Written by Dilip Bobb | Posted: September 14, 2014 12:50 am | Updated: September 14, 2014 12:51 am
A new govermment means new challenges, new faces and issues, new extremes and new revelations. The result is that the last few days have seen the birth of a new lexicon, or lexemes, as the inventory of language is called. It has mostly to do with politics and politicians, which is hardly surprising considering they never fail to provide us our daily dose of entertainment and scandals. Here’s the new lexicon, or as some would call it, the ‘Dangling Participles’.
Spoonful of salt: One of the main qualifications for official spokesmen of political parties is a nifty turn of phrase which obfuscates the issue or renders it unintelligible. It’s called ‘muddying the waters’, and here’s the latest example. Responding to a question about the former CAG’s revelations about the former prime minister’s role in various scandals, the spokesman’s advice was to take it with ‘a spoonful of salt’. The original phrase is ‘a pinch of salt’, so what this version translates into is that there may be a few grains of truth in the accusations, but lets not get carried away. Far more credible than the standard: ‘Let history be the judge’.
Love jihad: The RSS has got their khaki knickers in a twist over what they are calling love jihad. Ostensibly, it involves Muslim extremists luring Hindu women into marriage with the intention of converting them to Islam, which is now arousing passions. As a conspiracy theory, it is divorced from reality, but right-wing extremists have come up with a counter: Love Trishul, or local goons who will demolish any attempts at a Hindu-Muslim marriage even if the couple are genuinely in love. The BJP takes the safe route by declaring it a media creation which, as a conspiracy theory, gets them off the hook, or three.
Hate speech: Nothing to do with people like Manmohan Singh who hate speech. This is more to do with love jihad in the sense, or nonsense, that it reflects hatred for a community and is being used extensively as elections near thanks to the benefits accrued from electorates getting polarised. Officially, a criminal act, no one seems to really get convicted, as in the case of Yogi Adityanath, or Amit Shah, or the king of hate speech, Praveen Togadia, who has 20 cases registered against him — the most in any country. It’s a weapon that cuts both ways: Muslim firebrand Akbaruddin Owaisi faces 11 such cases. They still roam free. Competitive communalism takes no prisoners.
Water terrorism: This combines the worst elements of jihad, hate speech and a warped mind. Water terrorism is what terror mastermind Hafiz Saeed is blaming India for. He has been tweeting, as opposed to excreting, that India is responsible for the floods in POK. One tweet said: “Indian gov discharged water in rivers without notification & has given false information; an act of open mischief. Indian water terrorism is more lethal than its LOC violations”. We’ve all heard about smoking guns, but this guy is smoking something really illegal to continued…

Inside track: Hooked to hookahThe BCCI, unhappy with this habit, believes it is one reason for the team’s poor performance. (Source: Reuters)
Written by Coomi Kapoor | Posted: September 14, 2014 12:44 am
A fire alarm went off at Marriot Hotel in Leeds, UK, earlier this month. The smoke that set off the alarm was traced to a hookah party being held by touring Indian cricketers who were staying at the hotel. Smoking a hookah appears to be the latest fad among Indian cricketers. Many carry a hookah in their bags and take puffs during their free time. The BCCI, unhappy with this habit, believes it is one reason for the team’s poor performance.
Family welfare
RANJIT Sinha’s elevation as the CBI Director has coincided with daughter Rudrani Sinha’s rise. When Sinha was ITBP director general, his daughter was an assistant central intelligence officer. But when Sinha was hand-picked to be CBI director, Rudrani’s career graph went up. She was appointed assistant director in the National Technical Research Organisation, a jump that put her in the rank of superintendent of police. Some weeks ago, Sinha visited a senior minister in the Narendra Modi government armed with his wife’s biodata. He apparently asked if she could be accommodated as a member in a Central government women’s panel, such as the National Commission for Women. An audacious demand, considering there was talk at the time of the Lok Sabha elections earlier this year about his wife getting an RJD ticket.
Delayed decisions
THE Congress’s first family is out of the country. Sonia Gandhi has gone for a medical check-up with Priyanka. Rahul is also abroad. Thus, decisions on selection of candidates for the coming Assembly polls and a meeting of the Central Election Committee have been deferred. The A K Antony report on the Congress’s parliamentary results is still to be put before the CWC or shown to general secretaries.
Libel veteran
TAMIL Nadu Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa has filed a defamation case against the BJP’s Subramanian Swamy for claiming that the fishermen’s boats detained by the Sri Lankan government belonged to Jayalalithaa’s aide Sasikala Natarajan, and that the chief minister had not done anything for the fishermen, or on Mullaperiyar dam or Ram Sethu issues. Jayalalithaa has got the city public prosecutor to file the case in Chennai. The CM is keen to settle scores with Swamy even though he is something of a veteran in dealing with defamation suits. In the early 1990s, Jayalalithaa had backed down in a defamation battle against Swamy. As chief minister, she had filed a criminal defamation complaint against Swamy in different courts in Tamil Nadu. Swamy had appealed to the Supreme Court, pleading that the cases be clubbed together and filed outside the state. He had also cited the US law that defamation should not apply to a person holding high public office. The SC acknowledged that he had a point. Jayalalithaa’s lawyer K K Venugopal had continued…

From the discomfort zone: Process obsessionGermans still wear the badge for the world’s best process and quality of any engineering production. (Source: Reuters)
Written by Shombit Sengupta | Posted: September 14, 2014 1:35 am
Hard-core German discipline and process obsession that’s respected the world over is what I’ve learnt through experience. I apply this learning to all our consulting solutions, providing ingenious customer centricity to projects.
While working on a global project in end 1980s, three of my French colleagues and I went to Hamburg to meet one of our German clients for a project review. Scheduled to finish by 12.30 pm, our meeting stretched to 1 pm. As we were getting up, the company caterer entered the room to place some steaming hot food. We exchanged happy glances, we were terribly hungry by then.
“There’s no food invitation for a meeting that ends at 12.30 pm,” is what we were informed. Obviously the lunch was coming for the next meeting’s participants. Disappointed, we headed outside to savour famous German sauerkraut and sausage called currywurst, a popular snack in Hamburg.
Herta Heuwer invented currywurst after World War II when British soldiers in Germany left her some ketchup, Worcestershire sauce and curry powder. Mixing these she created currywurst, that’s become such a rage that a museum is dedicated to it —Deutsches Currywurst Museum, which estimates that Germans eat 800 million currywursts per year!
Unlike in other Western countries, German restaurants did not accept credit card payment then, so we had to find an ATM machine. Many German outlets didn’t believe in dealing with plastic money. They preferred to see hard cash at the end of every day. I later understood that Germany’s economy was the strongest because they followed stringent financial credit processes.
After a month, when we returned to this same company for a 1 pm meeting, sure enough, a great lunch was laid out. We first enjoyed our meal with the client team before starting the meeting. This kind of German discipline is not something that Latin societies like France, Italy, Portugal or Spain were habituated to.
On another occasion, I travelled to a German factory to finish a few product design prototypes. This was a French project, but everyone in Europe knows that the best quality prototyping can only be achieved in Germany. I planned to be there for three days of supervision. Unfortunately, on the first afternoon, their production suddenly stopped. It was a crisis, they felt extremely embarrassed and shamefaced.
The company’s senior management profusely apologised to me for the mishap and subsequent delay. I tried to assuage their discomfiture saying machines can sometimes go awry and that I would extend my stay by a day. The next day, the company CEO came to inform me that some machine part had to be changed by one of their vendors, but that they were unable to find the root cause. He and his production managers were exceptionally worried about the root cause. continued…

Netflix ready for its European close-up© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8931e9c8-3a7c-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Global economy: World waits for white smoke from US FedET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
FRANKFURT: The US Federal Reserve may give clearer hints on when it will hike the cost of borrowing in the United States in the coming week, as struggling Europe braces for a tight vote in Scotland on whether to leave the United Kingdom .
As the US economy picks up pace, its central bank is inching closer to raising interest rates, a move that will send ripples across the globe. In the euro zone, however, the European Central Bank is moving in the opposite direction in a desperate bid to rekindle growth and inflation.
The United States is shaking off the hangover from a financial crisis that hammered Europe and even knocked mighty China off its stride.
But the US rebound, thanks in large part to cheap Fed money, now means Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen will have to decide when to pare back this support.
Further hints as to when the first US rate hike in more than eight years will happen could come on Wednesday in a statement after the bank's governors meet.
"It does seem like a done deal that it is going to increase interest rates," said Paul Dales of economics consultancy Capital Economics.
"We are going into a new phase where the Fed is trying to bring things back to normal. It can send reverberations around the world economy."
Choosing when to increase the cost of borrowing in the world's biggest economy - a move expected next year - is a delicate balancing act.
Yellen and others will be trying to work out how to keep the economic recovery on a steady keel without stopping it before the effects of the upswing lead to higher wages.
By contrast, the European Central Bank recently cut the cost of borrowing to near zero and pledged to buy repackaged debt in a bid to kick-start lending to small companies.
For some, the eventual move in Washington will be good news for Europe.
"This will help to weaken the euro and a weaker euro will help countries like Ireland, Portugal and Spain to sell more to the rest of the world," said Philip Lane, an economist at Trinity College Dublin.
But for others, the contrast underscores Europe's weakness.
"America is so much further than Europe," said Joerg Kraemer, chief economist of Commerzbank. "Any hope of economic improvement here has disappeared over the Summer."
Cultural Divide
On the same day as central bankers gather in Washington, the euro zone will give further insight into why price inflation, an important yardstick of the recovery, plumbed new lows in August.
On Thursday the ECB will also reveal how much of its first offer of four-year loans banks have taken up on condition that they lend on to businesses, as part of the central bank's efforts to bolster the flagging economy in the 18-country bloc.
ECB President Mario Draghi says the aim is to get the ECB's balance sheet back near its 2012 peak via new measures, meaning it is aiming to inject the thick end of 1 trillion euros into the euro zone economy.
Reuters polling shows that economists expect banks to take up 275 billion euros of the 400 billion the ECB will offer over time and that they will buy around 400 billion euros of asset-backed securities and covered bonds over the next two years under a separate scheme.
Adding to Europe's woes, the conflict in Ukraine is making investors and companies nervous.
Despite a fragile ceasefire between Ukrainian government forces and Russian-backed rebels, the EU has introduced further sanctions against Moscow. Sanctions are hurting Russia and further signs of that will be seen next week in data such as measures of fresh capital investment - once a major driver of its economy.
The conflict has also hit business confidence in continental Europe, including industrial powerhouse Germany, which publishes the closely watched ZEW survey of investor sentiment on Sept 16.
Unlike the United States, Europe's patchwork of nations and languages hampers efforts to coordinate economic policy, leaving much of the burden on the ECB.
Even within nations there are divisions. On Sept. 18, Scotland will vote on whether or not to stay part of the United Kingdom. Should it choose independence, it would send shockwaves around Europe.
Britain and Scotland would have to start dividing up their $2.5 trillion economy, North Sea oil and the national debt, while Prime Minister David Cameron would face calls to resign.
Scotland would also have to decide what currency to use. London has said it could not use the pound, while British banks in Edinburgh, Lloyds (LLOY.L) and RBS (RBS.L), say they would move south.
Rethinking China
In China annual growth has roughly halved since the financial crisis hit demand for its goods, and recent data has offered little to brighten the mainly gloomy global picture.
China's central bank, like many of its global peers, has been pumping out cash to support the economy, raising the cost of living in cities such as Beijing, where a large two-bedroom flat can cost $1 million and a Starbucks coffee up to $6.
The government has been slow to implement reforms to dilute the power of big state-owned enterprises such as China Telecom to make space for smaller start-ups.
"Cutting interest rates may be possible if inflation falls further," said Zhu Baoliang, chief economist at State Information Centre, a top government think-tank in Beijing. "It's time to quicken reforms."
For others, China's slowdown is more than just a temporary phenomenon and may even require a rethink about basic principles of economics with its relentless focus on growth.
"It's a long-term trend that we are seeing here," said Guntram Wolff of Brussels think tank Bruegel.
"We are seeing the limits of the growth model in the developed economies."

Red carpet welcome awaits PM Narendra Modi in US | Full coverageET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
WASHINGTON: The Obama Administration is leaving no stone unturned to woo Prime Minister Narendra Modi during his maiden visit to the US which is expected to take the strategic bilateral relationship to the next level and unleash the potential of economic and trade ties.
The administration here is gearing up to give a red carpet welcome to Prime Minister Modi when he arrives in Washington on September 29 from New York where he would attend the annual General Assembly session of the United Nations .
The discussion between Modi and Obama over two days in Washington is expected to result in taking the bilateral relationship to the next level in terms of defense and strategic ties, co-operation in the field of space and counter-terrorism and unleash the potential of economic and trade ties, sources familiar with the preparations told.
On September 29, Obama is likely to host Modi for a small working dinner, which is rarely accorded to a visiting foreign leader.
The maiden meeting between the two leaders on September 29 would help Obama and Modi to know each other and prepare the ground for the next day's meeting at the White House.
Soon after his electoral victory, Obama had called Modi to congratulate him and invited him to visit Washington.
Thereafter the two leaders have not spoken over phone, but there has been an exchange of letters between the two.
Obama, who of late has been tied up on the foreign policy front over developments in the Middle East - Syria, Iraq, Iran, Israel-Palestine and Ukraine - is looking forward to meeting Modi and exchange views on international issues of concern.
Encouraged by the steps taken by the Modi government in its first 100 days, the Obama Administration sees an India that is of great strategic significance and can act as a stabilising force in the entire Asia Pacific region.
A strong and prosperous India, US officials argue, is in the best interest of the United States.
India, US officials say, under Modi would play a key role not only in South Asia, but also in South East Asia.
In fact, India-US relationship has been identified as one of the top four priorities by both Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry this year, officials said.
Kerry and Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel met Modi in New Delhi in quick succession this summer. The meetings generated excitement in the US as well.
"The two leaders will discuss a range of issues of mutual interest in order to expand and deepen the US-India strategic partnership. They will discuss ways to accelerate economic growth, bolster security cooperation, and collaborate in activities that bring long-term benefits to both countries and the world," the White House had said in a statement earlier while formally announcing the visit.
"They will also focus on regional issues, including current developments in Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq, where India and the United States can work together with partners towards a positive outcome," the White House had said adding that Obama looks forward to working with Modi to fulfill the promise of the US-India strategic partnership for the benefit of both their citizens and the world.
After a dinner on September 29, the two leaders are scheduled to meet at the White House for a substantive talk on September 30.
"The fact that there will be interactions over two days is a signal of the importance we place on the US-India relationship," said Caitlin Hayden, Spokesperson of the National Security Council.
While Modi's Joint Address to the US Congress could not happen due to the November elections, a large number of lawmakers are believed to have requested a meeting with the Prime Minister.
Organisers of Modi's trip are having a tough time in scheduling these meetings.
Modi has also received a request for meetings from the top American business community both in New York and Washington DC.
With economic development his key priority, Modi is expected to interact with the American business community in both New York and Washington DC.
The visit will mark Modi's first trip to the US since his party swept to victory in general elections in May.
In 2005, the US State Department had revoked a visa that Modi had for travelling to the US in the wake of the 2002 riots in Gujarat. He never applied for an American visa after the move.

Qatar urges west to back Syrian SunniSeptember 14, 2014 6:54 pm
Qatar urges west to back Syrian moderates against Assad
By Simeon Kerr in Doha
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/20bb8046-3bfa-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

PM to host dinner for Xi Jinping on Sabarmati riverfront | Nuke power may be discussedChina President Xi's India visit: Narendra Modi to host private dinner for Jinping on Sabarmati riverfront
By PTI | 15 Sep, 2014, 01.22AM IST
0
Share More
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will host a private dinner for Chinese President Xi Jinping on Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad .
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi will host a private dinner for Chinese President Xi Jinping on Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad on September 17 when he begins his India visit.
According to official sources, the private dinner will be attended by limited number of guests from each side. There will be five persons from each side at the dinner which will not be very ostentatious, they said.
The Sabarmati riverfront was selected as a venue for the dinner as President Xi will be visiting Mahatma Gandhi's Sabarmati Ashram near it.
The sources said that Xi, who is scheduled to arrive on September 17 afternoon in Gujarat, will leave for New Delhi soon after the dinner.
They said everything for Xi's visit was being done "as per the protocol", rejecting reports that there were elaborate arrangements for the dinner.
Modi today tweeted, "On 17th, President Xi Jinping will be in Gujarat. We look forward to extending a warm welcome to him but there will be no birthday celebrations".
Modi will be turning 64 on September 17.

Corporate Finance Specialist£53,196
Further information
This is a high profile opportunity to help shape HMRC’s strategy for dealing with large businesses. Joining the dedicated experts in our central London office, you will make a positive difference for the nation by using your corporate finance knowledge and financial markets experience to challenge corporate tax avoidance. 
To join us, you will need extensive experience of working in primary issue valuation; preferably across a range of financial instruments. You will certainly have theoretical or practical experience of financial instrument pricing models relevant to primary issuance of debt, equity and derivatives. Strong quantitative skills and investigative ability will be keys to your success. 
In return for bringing corporate finance knowledge, financial markets experience and an innovative approach to HMRC as a tax professional, you will enjoy the advantages of a flexible employment package, generous leave and an excellent benefits package. 
Focusing on a range of significant organisations, you will be instrumental in making sure the right amount of UK tax revenues are collected. You will also play an integral role in delivering an ever improving customer experience. 
The scope of our work allows for an unrivalled breadth of personal development. While making a vital contribution to our challenging business commitments, you will discover opportunities to broaden your skills and knowledge in a wide range of fascinating and rewarding areas.
HMRC is a large and diverse organisation employing over 67,000 people. We collect and administer the majority of UK tax revenue. We also support families and workers through the benefits and credits we pay and administer.
For more information please call Andrew Parrock on 0300 058 9706.
Closing date is 29th September 2014.
HMRC

Head of Research Strategy (Maternity Cover)Competitive + excellent benefits
Further information
We are looking for a self-motivated and sharp minded individual to join our Research Strategy team. The Research Strategy team determines our research priorities and our approach to drive strategic shifts to deliver progress against our ambitious objectives. Can you..
Own the process of overall strategy development, delivery and stakeholder management
Develop frameworks to evaluate the implementation and impact of the research strategy
Bring insight to the process of strategy development, ensuring that we find ways of spending our research money more effectively
Represent Cancer Research UK in interaction with partner organisations, ensuring Cancer Research UK is informing opinion and best practice 
Bring forward the day that all cancers are cured
We’re game changers. Here at Cancer Research UK, we aim to save more lives by preventing, controlling and curing cancer. Every day we achieve extraordinary things by being innovative, imaginative and bold in our work. Now we have an opportunity for you to lead a dedicated team of Strategy Managers, this exciting new role will direct the ongoing development and refinement of CRUK’s Research strategy. 
You’ll be coordinating strategy development and supporting the Chief Scientist, Chief Clinician and Science Research Funding (SRF) Directors in strategic planning across Cancer Research’s entire research portfolio. 
To take on this exciting challenge, you’ll have:
A strong background in business strategy, ideally gained through management consultancy or internal consultancy positions, preferably in the healthcare sector or in a research funding organisation
Strong strategic thinking expertise and experience, together with a working knowledge of strategic planning tools and frameworks
Excellent relationship management skills and the ability to influence others effectively, including at a senior level
The ability to communicate complex issues simply and in a way that delivers actionable insight and recommendations 
Our passion, determination and ambition lead us to set ourselves more and more challenging targets. If you’re as ambitious as we are, join our collective force and enjoy an excellent career.
How to Apply:
To apply, simply click the link below to take you through to our careers website where you can submit your application.
Job details
Length of contract - up to 12 months 
Contract - Fixed Term Contract
Contracted Hours (per week) - Full Time (35 hours) 
Closing Date - 14/09/2014 23:55
Cancer Research UK is the world's leading independent organisation dedicated to cancer research.
Options

Burma: Wild romp in the darkCast: Michael Thangadurai, Reshmi Menon, Karthik Sabesh
Bottomline: Lacking tension, but gloriously entertaining.
Then there are Boomer (the excellent Karthik Sabesh as Burma’s pal and accomplice), and Kalpana (Reshmi Menon), Burma’s happily amoral girlfriend who also becomes his partner in crime. The slice of pizza in her hand, after a getaway, is just one of the many glorious incidental details the film keeps throwing at us.
Burma is put together exquisitely. In a montage set to music (by Sudharshan M. Kumar, completely in sync with the overall vision), we keep hopping between cross-hatched events. In another scene involving a couple of phone calls, we keep panning between split screens. In the midst of a heist being planned, we cut away to the gang leader’s drug use — this has got to be the most economical bit of character delineation I’ve seen this year.
And — apart from that Fabergé — Easter eggs abound. If this film finds half the audience the similarly fashioned Jigarthanda did — with the ample rug-pulling, the revelling in pop culture, and vivid nods to Western filmmaking — then we’re going to be discussing why Burma’s ring tone is set to a Kamal Haasan line from Kurudhipunal, why so many of the songs heard in the background seem to be from films about crime (Shree 420, Arangetra Velai, Don), and why a key scene is cut in tandem with a key scene from Pudhiya Paravai.
There’s so much attitude, atmosphere, flavour and wry comedy in Burma that I readily forgave the minor sins (the film is a tad too art-directed; Burma’s terrace quarters is done up in the kind of shabby-chic that finds space for lanterns) and its major one — the story takes a detour into a race-against-time thriller, and there really isn’t all that much tension. But Dharanidharan doesn’t try to pump in life artificially — everything is beautifully organic, one of a piece. This is the kind of film that isolates a character by shooting him in lurid neon lights, and, elsewhere, intercuts between a liplock and a bottle of cola being slurped down.
The writing is wonderful. I loved how we learn Burma’s given name in the course of a romantic moment. I loved how Bothra Seth is introduced — his violence makes the water in a glass ripple, as in the scene with the T.rex in Jurassic Park. I loved the little echoes, how Guna completes Burma’s line about dogs and planes in the sky. I loved the joyous sting at the check point — it made me chortle. And I loved, most of all, the last scene — a superb twist, the kind we never get because of our insistence on happily-ever-after. Burma made me so high on how crime can entertain that Ialmost forgot it doesn’t pay.

He makes farming look charmingUpdated: September 15, 2014 11:54 IST
He makes farming look charming
T. S. Atul Swaminathan
The Hindu The farmers are encouraged to practise organic and inorganic farming depending upon the soil conditions. Photo: M. Karunakaran
TOPICS
society
Scientist Jegan Karuppiah’s mandate is to draw youngsters to agriculture. The writer narrates how well he has fulfilled it
He has influenced 30,000 working professionals to leave cushy jobs and take up farming as a career. S. Jegan Karuppiah, a soft-spoken scientist at M. S. Swaminathan Research Foundation (MSSRF), has played a pivotal role in shaping the ‘Attracting and Retaining Youth in Agriculture’ (ARYA) programme, MSSRF’s nationwide initiative.
As part of this programme, workshops are conducted at the regional level in Tamil Nadu. Professionals with expertise in technology are given hands-on training in agriculture and farming (Veterinary Farming).
“Around 10 per cent of the farmers, who are mostly computer techies, engineers or professionals from various other fields, practise farming, while they continue with their jobs. They either cultivate crops on their own, or do it along with their friends. The ‘farmers’ come from both a rural and an urban milieu. A few of them have studied and worked abroad before taking up agriculture-related ventures,” says S. Jegan Karuppiah.
These new-age farmers use their areas of expertise to maximise input. “They are trained to think analytically and adapt to the latest technology. Moreover, they are good at climate risk management, monsoon management, climate change adaptation, and mitigation. They are happy to serve the nation,” he points out.
The Foundation also gives them a training manual which guides them through land preparation, harvesting crops, market rates, and information-communication technology, where advisory voice and text bulletins on government schemes and subsidies, climate, wind speed and rainfall are issued at regular intervals.
They also have a 24-hour helpline (9677759545, 9677759549).
They encourage these amateur farmers to interact with veteran farmers. We also arrange field visits and give hands-on training.
The farmers are encouraged to practise organic and inorganic farming depending on the soil conditions. “The two-day training programme for the new farmers includes capacity building, technical output and experts discussion. We (MSSRF) create a link between the farmers and markets. We also give guidance on exporting crops and on applying export licences’, he says.
Moreover, we encourage the farmers to practise integrated farming (veterinary farming), which will help in producing fertilisers for crops. They are taken on a field-visit to the model integrated farm, where they learn everything about profitable farming.
“Till date, we have conducted training programmes at regional level with the support of the State Agriculture Department, Government of Tamil Nadu. Soon, we are going to conduct district training programmes in Thiruvarur, Nagapattinam, Theni, Dindgul, and Pudhukottai on a pilot basis. The State Agriculture Department has given the permission to conduct the programme in five districts,” he says.
Apart from this, the Foundation awards 10 best youth farmers every year for various achievements, including managing maximum yield and and also motivating others to take up agriculture.
The programme is conducted under the leadership of M. S. Swaminathan and Dr. N. Parasuraman, principal scientist, MSSRF.
For details, contact Youth and Development Wing, MSSRF, at 91-44-2254-1229, 2791.

Scottish risks focus minds of investorsSeptember 12, 2014 6:33 pm
Scottish risks concentrate the minds of investors
By James Mackintosh, Investment Editor
Yes or No, there could be big implications
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f50182b4-3a84-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Madrassas give education of terrorism  says BJP MP Sakshi MaharajNEW DELHI, September 14, 2014
Updated: September 14, 2014 23:57 IST
Sakshi Maharaj courts controversy, again
Special Correspondent
national politics
“Education of terrorism is being given in madrassas. They (the madrassas)... are making them terrorists and jihadis... It is not in national interest”
Days after he courted controversy with his remark that “love jihad” flourished through madrasas, BJP MP from Unnao, Sakshi Maharaj, has set off another controversy, this time with a statement that religious learning institutions are giving “education of terrorism.”
The remark, made on Sunday at Nademau in Kannauj district, is a repeat of what the MP said on September 7 at a programme in Etah, branding madrasas as “hubs of terror” where “love jihad” prospered.
“Love jihad” is a term used by right-wing Hindu outfits while referring to alleged conversion of Hindu girls through marriage.
The ruling Samajwadi Party denounced it as “hate speech” and said it was aimed at creating communal divisions.
“Sakshi has given a hate speech which is aimed at creating differences in society,” SP spokesman Rajendra Chaudhary said.
The Congress described the comment as an attempt at religious polarisation. Congress leader Manish Tewari said there was no factual basis to the MP’s “outrageous claims.”
“It is a canard by the BJP, the RSS and its affiliates. It is another attempt to bring the communities head-on, to create the spectre of religious polarisation and ultimately bring about a situation in the country where rather than looking at economic development, this government wants to turn it into another Pakistan,” he said.

Banking on Onam sadya to connect with customersBanking on Onam sadya to connect with customers
Vinay Kamath
Federal Bank serves the traditional feast at its customer meet
Chennai, September 14:  
It was a Federal Bank customer meet in Chennai. Only, there were no grievances to pour out, no talk on interest rates and overdrafts. High networth and corporate clients of the bank didn’t sit across the manager’s desk to discuss their proposals.
Elaborate flower arrangements greeted visitors while religious hymns in Malayalam played in the background. And, Federal Bank’s customers sat down for a sumptuous traditional Onam sadya served on a banana leaf and ate through 26 different items, ending with two varieties of rich, soporific payasams. If one had to feel good about their bank, this was the moment.
The Kerala-based bank last weekend used the traditional Onam or harvest festival to engage with its key customers in all the major metros on a whole new level by inviting them for a feast. In Chennai, the bank hired the premises of a prominent wedding hall and invited a little over a 100 customers for this thanksgiving meal. As a senior manager pointed out, this is a way to engage with customers and build a relationship and for a Kerala-headquartered bank, where Onam is a huge festival, it’s a matter of sentiment as well to offer a traditional feast. Says Shyam Srinivasan, Managing Director, , “We look for occasions and opportunities to engage with clients. We felt the secular nature of the Onam festival is one more great reason to meet informally and break bread together with customers who make us what we are.”
This is the second year when the bank has done it in a planned manner and intends to continue serving it up in succeeding years in key non-Kerala metros.
Adds Srinivasan, “This also serves as an opportunity to remind the employees of our roots. We now have over 40 per cent of people who are young and new to the bank and many are not from the State where we were born. This is one event to help remind us of where we began and how we can be national, contemporary and yet grounded!”
One guest, the CFO of a large corporate, enjoying the payasam, says he’s been to many dos and get-togethers organised by banks for key clients, but a traditional feast as this one is unique; one doesn’t turn down an invitation for a feast associated with a festival, he points out, all well Fed.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Bank forex trading revenues fall by a thirdAugust 27, 2014 5:38 pm
Bank forex trading revenues fall by a third
By Delphine Strauss
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03be42d4-2e04-11e4-b760-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Singapore must keep its reform edgeAugust 26, 2014 5:37 pm
Singapore needs to keep its financial reform ball rolling
By Jeremy Grant
Island-state must stay on its guard to keep its regional edge
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07495d68-2cd7-11e4-ada0-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

As housing stock rises  builders innovate to sellAs housing stock rises, builders innovate to sell
Bindu D Menon
Realty scene: Some of the schemes offered by developers put home buyers at a risk
Come up with rebates, new loan products as RBI frowns on 80:20 plans
Mumbai, September 14:  
Despite concerns being raised by the banking regulator over varied instalment schemes offered for real estate buyers, developers continue to woo consumers with more such offers to boost sales during the festival season.
In September last year, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) had expressed its displeasure on home loan products that offered under the “80:20”, “75:25”, or “60:40” instalment schemes.
Under the schemes, an individual can purchase a property from a developer with financing from a bank. For example, under the 80:20 scheme, the buyer has to only make 20 per cent as upfront payment and the balance 80 per cent has to be paid once he or she gets possession of the property.
However, developers continue to promote their unsold stock in cities such as Delhi-NCR and Mumbai by offering what they term ‘innovative’ payment plans.
Rajeev Talwar, Executive Director, DLF, said: “There is a positive sentiment in the real estate market and we hope that this momentum continues.” Talwar said DLF did not have the 80:20 scheme in offer. Earlier, DLF too had the scheme in offer for its projects in Gurgaon.
Ajnara India, a realty player in the national capital region, has announced a ‘no pre-EMI’ clause till possession of the property. Customers are asked to pay 10 per cent as the booking amount, followed by 80 per cent of the amount within 45 days from bank funding. The remaining 10 per cent can be paid on possession.
“We are providing a new scheme. The catch here is that till we do not offer possession of the unit, we will be liable to pay the instalments to the bank on behalf of the customers,” said Ashok Gupta, CMD, Ajnara.
Naredco President Sunil Mantri, too, pointed that funding was a major sore point for the housing sector.Ganesh Vasudevan of Indiaproperty.com, said the scheme was tweaked around as companies were now offering such loan schemes on ready-to-move property or semi-finished projects rather than fresh ones.
Similarly, Emaar MGF has recently announced a ‘festive bonanza’ offer for one of its projects near Chandigarh. The company is offering special discounts such as ‘On Time Payment Rebate’ of 15 per cent, wherein customers have to make the payment within 18 months from the date of purchase.
Additionally, for its upcoming commercial project, the developer has provided an option whereby consumers can pay 40 per cent in three months and take possession, while the balance can be paid in 15 months. “These offers have been announced keeping in mind our customers’ requirements,” said Rajiv Gupta, Head Sales (North), Emaar MGF Land. According to an August report from Colliers International on India’s residential property market, the residential market has seen an increase in enquiries from buyers this quarter, across all the major cities. “The offtake is slow and there is a huge inventory. Developers were having issues regarding funding as banks were not disbursing loans,” said Pankaj Kapoor, Managing Director at Liases Foras, a real estate rating and research firm.
RBI view
With RBI earlier advising banks to closely link home loan disbursals with the different stages of construction of a housing project, developers had latched onto the schemes, as they found it difficult to get funding for their projects.
However, the regulator held that such schemes offered a raw deal to consumers, and termed such schemes a risky proposition, with the home buyer taking on the risk on behalf of the developer.
Liases Foras estimates that the residential inventory in key cities such as Bangalore is at 19 months, Chennai 26 months, Hyderabad 47 months, Mumbai 45 months, Delhi NCR 53 months and Pune 23 months.
Monthly inventory denotes the months required to clear the stock at the existing absorption pace.
A healthy market tends to maintain eight months of inventory.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Reward in Florida Law Professor Murder Reaches $25 000reward in florida law professor murder reaches $25 000
ISIS executes British aid workerISIS executes British aid worker David Haines; Cameron vows justice
By Greg Botelho, CNN
September 14, 2014 -- Updated 1824 GMT (0224 HKT)
STORY HIGHLIGHTS
NEW: Brother: Haines is survived by his wife, 2 children; he once was in the UK air force
NEW: David Haines found his true calling in humanitarian work, his brother says
The video characterizes Haines' beheading "a message to the allies of America"
British PM: "We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers"
(CNN) -- British aid worker David Haines has been executed by ISIS militants, according to a video posted Saturday to a website associated with the group, making him the third Western captive to be killed by the Islamist extremist group in recent weeks.
The ISIS video post showing Haines' beheading called his execution "a message to the allies of America."
It is produced very similarly to the videos that showed the executions of American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff, the last of which included Haines and the threat that he'd be killed next.
The new video pictures a masked ISIS militant placing his hand on another captive, whom he identified as Alan Henning, a British citizen.
In a tweet, British Prime Minister David Cameron called "the murder of David Haines" an "act of pure evil."
Who was British aid worker David Haines?
ISIS addresses Britain in execution video
David Haines' brother comments on tragedy
Cameron added, "We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes."
Haines offers brief scripted comments on the video, as does the man who kills him.
Directing his remarks at Britain, the executioner -- who sounds like the man who killed Foley and Sotloff -- says, "Your evil alliance with America, which continues to strike the Muslims of Iraq and most recently bombed the Haditha dam, will only accelerate your destruction and claim the role of the obedient lap dog.
"Cameron will only drag you and your people into another bloody and unwinnable war."
Retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona -- an Air Force veteran intelligence officer and CNN military analyst -- surmised that if ISIS planned to dissuade Britain for teaming up with the United States, the group will be disappointed.
"ISIS has just guaranteed British cooperation with the Americans on all phases of what we're going to be doing," Francona said. "... I think this is now a Western fight; it's not just a U.S. fight."
Haines' brother: Islam not to blame
Brother: Haines 'just another bloke' who lived to help others
News of the gruesome killing came the same day that the 44-year-old Haines' family released a brief message to his captors through the British Foreign Office.
In it, the family says, "We have sent messages to you to which we have not received a reply. We are asking those holding David to make contact with us."
Haines' face became known to the world in the ISIS video, released September 2, in which he looks forward and kneels as a masked ISIS militant stands behind him.
The militant says in that video, "We take this opportunity to warn those governments who've entered this evil alliance of America against the Islamic State to back off and leave our people alone."
British officials said after the video's release that they had sent troops to try to rescue an unidentified British citizen "some time ago," but failed. They released no other details.
Alan Henning with an ISIS member in a frame taken from a video released by ISIS.
Mike Haines, in a statement early Sunday, through the British Foreign Office, noted that his brother leaves behind two children and his wife Dragana. He described his brother as "just another bloke" whose "childhood was centered around our family" and who was "brought up to know right from wrong."
David Haines worked for the Royal Mail, then joined the Royal Air Force. He later worked with the United Nations in the Balkans, where "he helped whoever needed help, regardless of race, creed or religion," according to his brother.
"During this time, David began to decide that humanitarian work was the field he wanted to work in," Mike Haines said. "... David was most alive and enthusiastic in his humanitarian roles."
After working for ScotRail, David Haines went on to get a job as a logistics and security manager for the Paris-based humanitarian Agency for Technical Cooperation and Development.
He was abducted in March 2013 near a refugee camp in Atmeh, Syria, where he was working to arrange for the delivery of humanitarian aid to people staying at the camp. He had previously worked on aid operations for victims of conflict in the Balkans, African and other parts of the Middle East, according to an ACTED spokesman.
"His joy and anticipation for the work he (did) in Syria is, for myself and family, the most important element of this whole sad affair," Mike Haines said. "He was and is loved by all his family and will be missed terribly."
British hostage of ISIS was helping displaced Syrians, aid group says
Obama: U.S. 'stands shoulder-to-shoulder' with Britain
Another hostage has been publicly killed by ISIS. Another one's life has been threatened. And fighters for ISIS -- which calls itself the Islamic State, in a nod to its efforts to establish a vast caliphate in the Middle East under its strict version of Sharia law -- are continuing to kill innocent civilians in Iraq and Syria.
What don't we know about ISIS?
'The world's most ruthless terrorists'
Will ISIS attacks spread to U.S.?
So what's next?
The threat from ISIS has been brewing for some time. Having begun a decade ago as al Qaeda in Iraq -- only to be disowned earlier this year by al Qaeda, the group behind the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, for its heavy-handed tactics -- ISIS has taken advantage of instability in Syria and Iraq to become one of the most prominent and feared groups in the Middle East.
ISIS, which is also known as the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant or ISIL, managed to become one of the most successful rebel groups working to overthrow Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. It also rampaged through much of Iraq, thwarting seemingly overmatched Iraqi troops and massacring those who did not subscribe to its extreme version of Islam.
It wasn't until last month -- albeit before Foley's killing -- that the American military jumped into the fray.
"It's a bit like trying to predict an earthquake: You can see pressure building up on the fault lines but not knowing when it's going to materialize (or how) quickly it can disintegrate," Rep. Adam Schiff, a California Democrat, said Saturday night. "Those things are very hard to predict."
Partnering with the Iraqi military and Kurdish fighters, U.S. warplanes have been striking ISIS targets in Iraq regularly since August 8.
Earlier this week, President Barack Obama announced that U.S. airstrikes would go after the extremist group in Syria, and perhaps beyond.
"We will hunt down terrorists who threaten our country, wherever they are," said Obama, who insisted American troops wouldn't fight "on foreign soil," though they will play support roles. "That means I will not hesitate to take action against ISIL in Syria, as well as Iraq. This is a core principle of my presidency: if you threaten America, you will find no safe haven."
The President vowed the United States won't do it alone. To this end, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry was in Egypt on Saturday seeking that country's help in the fight against ISIS.
Britain is one country, at least, that has stepped up -- even before Haines' killing.
That includes providing "urgent military support" at the Iraqi government's request, including heavy machine guns, body armor and nearly half a million rounds of ammunition to Kurdish fighters known as the Peshmerga.
The scale of that support, though, could ramp up now with one Briton executed and Henning's life in limbo.
To this end, 10 Downing Street announced early Sunday that Cameron will convene an emergency meeting of his top security officials to discuss what Britain will do next.
Obama released a statement late Saturday after what he called Haines' "barbaric murder," offering his support for the aid worker's family and his native Britain.
"The United States stands shoulder-to-shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve," the President said.
"We will work with the United Kingdom and a broad coalition of nations from the region and around the world to bring the perpetrators of this outrageous act to justice, and to degrade and destroy this threat to the people of our countries, the region and the world."

Obamas Isis plan is a campaign only in nameSeptember 14, 2014 5:18 pm
America’s perpetual war on terror by any other name
By Edward Luce
If you embark on something with your eyes half-open, you are likely to lose sight of reality
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f850056-38ee-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Panthers Pull Greg Hardy After Domestic Violence Convictionpanthers pull greg hardy after domestic violence conviction
Bryan Caplan on immigrationBy Ilya Somin September 13
In this recent interview with the Vox website , economist Bryan Caplan does an excellent job of making the case for an open borders policy and addressing standard objections to increasing immigration, such as claims that it will increase welfare spending, harm the native-born poor, and undermine American culture. As he explains, these objections are largely either incorrect, or can be addressed by modest policy interventions less harmful than forcibly consigning millions of potential would-be immigrants to poverty and oppression in the Third World.
Bryan also briefly addresses claims that we must severely restrict immigration in order to prevent the immigrants from voting for bad policies. This is one of the more sophisticated arguments advanced by conservative immigration restrictionists (and a few libertarians). I respond to it in greater depth than Bryan had time for in the interview in this post .
For a more detailed version of Bryan’s critique of standard arguments for immigration restriction, see his excellent 2012 Cato Journal article .
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410629016/1410629016000/1410629016 tracking: {authors=Ilya Somin, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=bryan-caplan-on-immigration, post_id=13471, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 13, 2014 5:23:36 PM close date: Sep 27, 2014 5:23:36 PM

Google launches  crisis map  to help people in flood-hit KashmirTwitter's 140-character limit is improving users' language skills 2 days ago
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Brazil tycoons look to resurrect FlamengoJune 11, 2014 2:57 pm
Brazil tycoons look to revive Flamengo on and off the pitch
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/86980506-efb0-11e3-bee7-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Small creditors act over OGX restructuringMay 31, 2014 6:56 pm
Small creditors act over OGX restructuring
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/33ac7d16-e8e6-11e3-b9ea-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

North Korea business guidesJuly 23, 2014 1:27 pm
North Korea’s business guides
By Simon Mundy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9a6c1ee2-1192-11e4-a17a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rain briefly disrupts relief operations in Kashmir ValleyKashmiri flood victims ride a boat in front of a house that collapsed in floodwaters in Srinagar. (Source: AP)
Srinagar | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:43 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 3:40 pm
Relief operations in flood-hit Kashmir Valley were briefly hampered this morning because of rain and cloudy weather.
Rain returned to Kashmir after a week of clear weather.
Mild rainfall occurred in many parts of the Valley this morning, triggering fears about more trouble in the area which is already reeling under the devastation caused by incessant rains last week.
ALSO READ:  Infrastructure damage in J-K floods could touch Rs 6K crore
The rainfall started at around 8.30 AM but stopped within an hour.
In view of the rainfall and dense clouds, IAF halted its flights to ferry relief supplies even though emergency operations of transporting medicines were maintained, IAF officials said.
Normal relief operations by IAF choppers resumed at 11.15 AM, they said.
SDM, Srinagar, Syed Abid Rasheed Shah said in the morning that inclement weather will create problems as many people are still on the roads and without shelter.
At some places, people are putting up in tents which are not waterproof, he said.
Around 1.5 lakh people are still marooned in many parts of the Valley after the worst floods in the state in a century unleashed a trail of death and destruction.
Air Officer Commanding (AoC), Air Commodore P E Patange informed that air operations were delayed in the state due to bad weather conditions and rains.
“In Jammu, we have some rains and wind, but in Srinagar there is little bad weather which hampers our operations,” he said.
“But our aircraft are loaded with material and ready to take off. When the weather improves, we will take off,” he said.
IMD Director B P Yadav said, “There was mild rainfall in the morning. But, we have not issued any warning. There would be no heavy rainfall in the State today.”
Eighty-six transport aircraft and helicopters of Indian Air Force and Army Aviation Corps are involved in rescue and relief operations.
So far 1771 sorties have been undertaken by the helicopters and aircraft of the Armed Forces and 2371 tonnes of relief material have been dropped by the Indian Air Force.
Over 1,50,000 persons have been rescued so far by the Army, IAF and NDRF from different parts of Jammu & Kashmir in the ongoing rescue and relief operations in the flood ravaged State.

BJP acknowledges Ramdev s countrywide campaign during LS pollsBJP President Amit Shah lighting lamps at a programme at Patanjali Yogpeeth in Haridwar on Sunday. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | Haridwar | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:53 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 5:20 pm
BJP on Sunday acknowledged the role played by Ramdev’s countrywide campaign launched ahead of the Lok Sabha polls in the formation of Narendra Modi government at the Centre.
It also promised him all support in his efforts to popularise yoga and ayurveda internationally and revive the dying Indian languages and literature.
Speaking after inaugurating the newly built Seva Sadan building at Patanjali Yogpeeth here, BJP President Amit Shah showered praise on Ramdev for his sustained campaign to earn international acceptance for the ancient Indian practice of yoga.
He also praised Ramdev’s close aide Acharya Balkrishna for creating a renewed interest all over the world in Ayurveda, describing it as a discipline which had the ability to cure all ills.
“Bharat Swambhiman Trust’s commitment to revive ayurveda and yoga highlights its vision of a disease-free world and the BJP government at the Centre will give all its support to this noble endeavour,” Shah said.
He also said that the entire country was witness to the yoga guru’s fight against corruption which also led to those in power at that time to register cases against him.
Noting that there was nothing new in this fight between good and evil in this country, he said whenever evil reaches its acme, God incarnates himself to put an end to it.
“He (Ramdev) rose to fight against corruption and threats to democratic values in the country,” he said.
Thanking the yoga guru for his sustained campaign which “contributed significantly to the formation of the Narendra Modi government at the Centre”, he said all his future endeavours to save the Indian languages and literature and revive yoga and ayurveda, which had the capacity to create a disease free universe, will get all support from government.
Listing some achievements of the Modi government during 100 days in power, the BJP chief said the emphasis on cleanliness, the resolve to save the girl child and the Ganga and setting up of an SIT to repatriate Indian black money stashed away abroad are some of the most commendable steps.
“One of the first proposals cleared by the Modi Cabinet was constituting an SIT to bring back Indian black money stashed away abroad. Do you remember what was the first proposal passed by the cabinet during UPA-1 which came to power after Vajpayee-led NDA? Let me help you. It was abolition of the POTA, an effective anti-terrorism law.
“This shows the difference in the characters of the two governments,” said Shah, who was on his first visit to Uttarakhand after assuming office as the BJP chief.
Apart from Ramdev and Balkrishna, a host of prominent sadhus and senior leaders from the state shared the dais with the BJP chief.
Pradesh BJP chief Tirath Singh Rawat, former chief minister and Haridwar MP Ramesh Pokhariyal Nishank and Leader of the Opposition in the state assembly Ajay Bhatt were among them.
He (Ramdev) rose to fight against corruption and threats to democratic values in the country.

Jaya charges BJP with double standards on fishermen issuePress Trust of India | Tuticorin | Posted: September 14, 2014 4:52 pm
Charging BJP with adopting ‘double-standards’ on the fishermen issue, AIADMK supremo and Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on Sunday said voting for the national party will not benefit the people of her state.
Campaigning for her party’s Tuticorin Mayor candidate for the September 18 bypolls here, Jayalalithaa said besides her party, a ‘national party’ (BJP) and some independents alone were in the fray.
She said voting for the national party in the civic polls will be of no use since they have different leadership at the Central and state levels. So are the stands on issues, she said, campaigning for AIADMK candidate APR Anthony Gracy.
Tuticorin has a large fishermen population, Jayalalithaa said while raising the issue of repeated arrests and attacks on fishermen from the state by Sri Lankan navy pointing out that she has been pressing Prime Minister Narendra Modi for ensuring a lasting solution on the matter.
Arrested fishermen were being released after she takes up the matter with Modi through letters even as she had raised the issue in person with him, the Chief Minister said.
“What is the stand of the state unit of the BJP? The BJP (members) in Tamil Nadu are saying that there should be a permanent solution to the matter. But another leader of the same party is going against the Tamil Nadu fishermen,” she said in an apparent reference to Subramanian Swamy.
Swamy had recently earned the ire of fishermen and political parties in the state following his reported remarks that he had advised Sri Lanka against the release of boats of Indian fishermen even if they were set free.
Jayalalithaa had also taken exception to this with Modi, hoping it was not the stand of Centre or BJP.
Referring to the remarks made by Swamy on the issue of release of boats, she said his party’s state unit had not even ‘condemned’ it while “Centre was keeping mum.”
“Voting for such a party with double standards will not be of any use for the people of Tamil Nadu. Therefore, by voting for BJP you will not get any benefit,” Jayalalithaa said.
AIADMK was the only party committed to welfare of the poor, voicing its concerns on matters like fishermen issue, inter-state water disputes and inflation, she said, recalling her government had approached Supreme Court on many issues.
Her government was implementing various price-mitigation schemes against the backdrop of Centre’s ‘wrong economic policies,’ including low-cost ‘Amma Canteens’, among others.
Load shedding had been done away with since June 1 and out of the 105 days since then, 96 days were free of any power cuts, she said.

Photo Released of Hostage Threatened in ISIS Videophoto released of hostage threatened in isis video
Hopes of a deal on tax inversions fadeSeptember 14, 2014 5:40 pm
Hopes of a bipartisan deal on US tax inversions fade
By Barney Jopson in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b805c178-3bb9-11e4-885d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Pfizer still eyeing tax inversion optionsSeptember 11, 2014 7:28 pm
Pfizer says ‘window still open’ for tax inversions
By Andrew Ward, Pharmaceuticals Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f7f00654-39ca-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India may rope in G-20 to endorse its black money driveSwiss National Bank reported on its website that total deposit of Indians increased to about Rs 14,100 cr in 2013 from about Rs 8,547 cr in 2012.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: India will try and rally the G-20 in its drive to unearth black money salted away by its citizens in Switzerland and other tax havens by pushing for the inclusion of a provision related to this on retrospective sharing of information. The latter, aimed at tackling tax avoidance and evasion, will be based on the new global information sharing format prepared by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development or OECD .
Finance ministers of G-20 will meet later this week in Australia where they will endorse the information-sharing proposal. India's attempts to seek information from Switzerland, which has strict secrecy laws, on the black money purportedly stashed in its banks have run into a dead end.
Switzerland has said the information sharing pact it has with India became effective from 2011 and it will not provide any information about accounts before that date. India will be represented by minister of state for finance Nirmala Sitharaman at the G-20.
"We have made huge progress with regard to information sharing... We want this to become more meaningful and for that it's important that countries share data on bank accounts with retrospective basis," said a finance ministry official, adding India will try and rally the G-20 on the issue.
Illegal Indian money said to be in Swiss banks has long been a political issue and the new government does not want to ease up on efforts to chase the funds down, particularly with the courts also taking an interest. India entered into a new treaty with Switzerland that came into effect in November 2011, providing for sharing of information on bank accounts.
The Swiss National Bank has reported on its website that the total deposit of Indians increased to about Rs 14,100 crore at the end of 2013 from about Rs 8,547 crore a year ago. Apart from refusing to share information prior to 2011, it has cited domestic laws to stonewall queries from India on bank account holders.
Frustrated by this, India had raised the issue of information sharing on tax offenders at the G-20 earlier as well, arguing that countries and tax havens were citing these provisions as an excuse.
"You need information on bank accounts prior to the agreement becoming effective... Sometimes tax offenders close one account and shift to another jurisdiction," said the official cited above. "For effective and meaning full exchange of information this is important." The official said a global agreement would be more effective in making countries reluctant to share information come on board.

I did my duty  says Manmohan Singh  refuses to comment on Vinod Rai s criticismI did my duty, says Manmohan Singh, refuses to comment on Vinod Rai's criticism
By PTI | 15 Sep, 2014, 04.16AM IST
Singh, who is under fire from Vinod Rai over 2G scam and Coalgate, said he has done his "duty" and refused to respond to charges levelled against him.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh , who is under fire from the former CAG Vinod Rai over the 2G spectrum scam and Coalgate , today said he has done his "duty" and refused to respond to charges levelled against him.
"I, indeed, did my duty. Well, I do not want to comment on other people what they have written," Singh told reporters on the sidelines of an event here to celebrate the publication of a book titled 'Strictly Personal: Manmohan and Gursharan', authored by his daughter Daman Singh.
Singh was asked about the scathing criticism by Rai who held the former PM responsible for the controversial decisions to allocate 2G spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
Interestingly, Daman skirted questions about the ex-CAG's comments.
"Actually, I do not know anything about that. So I cannot comment. I have no idea about that. I have not heard what they have said. I cannot say anything. I really do not know and I have not heard what they have said. So, there is no point in saying anything," she said.
Daman charts the journey of her parents in her book providing new insights into the couple but keeps away from the last 10 years when Singh was heading the UPA government.
The function was attended among others by former Deputy Planning Commission chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and ex-minister Shashi Tharoor.

Top 5 Sensex cos lose Rs 36 971.61cr from m-capYou are here: Home > Collections > Ril
Top 5 Sensex companies lose Rs 36,971.61 crore from market cap; ONGC, Sun Pharma worst hit
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 10.40AM IST
Tags:
HDFC bank
(The market valuation of…)
NEW DELHI: The market valuation of top five Sensex companies fell by Rs 36,971.61 crore last week, with ONGC and Sun Pharma being the worst hit.
While ONGC, RIL, CIL, Infosys and Sun Pharma saw losses in their market capitalisation (m-cap), TCS, ITC, HDFC Bank, SBI and ICICI Bank witnessed gains.
The m-cap of ONGC plunged Rs 11,421.58 crore to Rs 3,67,158.86 crore, while Sun Pharma lost Rs 10,749.03 crore to Rs 1,66,910.28 crore from its valuation.
Coal India's value dipped Rs 8,400.77 crore at Rs 2,26,094.26 crore; Infosys (Rs 3,327.7 crore at Rs 2,10,879.62 crore) and RIL (Rs 3,072.53 crore at Rs 3,28,501.95 crore).
On the other hand, the m-cap of SBI surged Rs 8,227.23 crore to reach Rs 1,96,020.23 crore, while ITC added Rs 4,421.88 crore to touch Rs 2,83,518.18 crore.
ICICI Bank's market valuation rose by Rs 1,943.15 crore at Rs 1,81,069.22 crore, TCS (Rs 1,733.47 crore at Rs 5,10,415.13 crore) and HDFC Bank (Rs 1,677.83 crore at Rs 2,06,458.39 crore).
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at number position followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 34.34 points to close at 27,061.04.
FEATURED ARTICLES

See Nifty in 8000-8250 range over the next 3 mths360 Degree Feedback
("8050 will not be broken…)
In an interview with ET Now, Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth, shares his views on the market and some stocks. Excerpts:
ET Now: How would you characterise the week gone by and what would be your expectations for the coming week?
Sandeep Wagle: I think the market may see some consolidation or correction. From a high of 8180, we moved down to 8080, recording a 100-point correction. This 100-point correction at the 8000 level of the Nifty can be termed as a consolidation, which should have been bought into.
I do not think 8050 will be broken in any case. On the higher side, 8180 is the first target which may not be reached immediately this week, but can be reached if given a little more time. I expect it to get broken and we would eventually head towards 8200-8250 levels. Even 8400 cannot be ruled out.
This is not a one-week or two-week call. This is a two to three-month call. So, we have built a base at around 8050, and I see the Nifty in the range of 8000-8250.
ET Now: Sun Pharma was brutally beaten out of shape this week. What are the charts indicating?
Sandeep Wagle: It is a good time to enter, although a little lower will be a better bet. It is currently trading at around 804-805. I would talk of 780 to 760 as the levels to enter. I do not see the stock breaking 740, which can be a safe stop loss and my long-term targets are still intact. I would talk of levels of beyond 950-960, which could happen over the next two or three months. So, I would be tempted to buy this stock nearer 780-760.
ET Now: Do you think from a long-term perspective, auto names are good place to be in?
Sandeep Wagle: I am looking at targets of 3050-3100 in Maruti, but when the stock has moved from 1600 to 2900 or almost 3000 in the last six to eight months, I am not very sure whether one can look at a 70-80% return from the current levels. In that sense, I would wait, but as a trading play I would definitely be interested in Maruti. I would talk of a target of 3100-3150.
ET Now: Do you think that there is still more potential here?
Sandeep Wagle: We had a buy in Coromandel at around 291, and we booked some trading profits on Friday. But if you take the next 3 to 6 months or probably 6 to 12 months, one can talk of a target of 360 and I would still be comfortable talking of a target of 410-415. From the current level of 330, on corrections to 300, I would talk of a 30% to 40% trading upside over the next few months or so.
ET Now: Take us through the chart patterns of any of the stocks that you would be shorting in the infrastructure basket?
Sandeep Wagle: Some of the stocks in this space definitely look weak. For example, DLF at the current level of 175 looks weak. I do not see it cross 185. Any move upside should be treated as a corrective move and on the downside I would look at the levels of around 150-155. For JP Associates, I see more downside from the current level of 36 to the levels of 27-28.
ET Now: Run us through the top picks that you have.
Sandeep Wagle: I would go with a buy in Ingersoll Rand, that has given a very clear breakout on Friday, with a stop loss of 710, target of 900. The second call is a buy in Exide . I see more upside in it. I would buy it with a stop loss of 170, target of 185 and as a hedge I would go with a sell in Cairn India , with a stop loss of 330, target of 314.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hillary Clinton in Iowa stirs 2016 speculationYou are here: Home > Collections
Hillary Clinton returns to Iowa; stirs speculation over presidential campaign in 2016
AP Sep 14, 2014, 11.53PM IST
Tags:
Bill Clinton
(Hillary Clinton and her…)
INDIANOLA: Hillary Rodham Clinton returned to Iowa on Sunday to pay tribute to the state's retiring Democratic senator as anticipation builds over the possibility of another presidential campaign in 2016.
Clinton and her husband, former President Bill Clinton , were to headline Sen. Tom Harkin's annual steak fry fundraiser in rural Indianola . Sunday's event was expected to draw more than 5,000 party activists who form the backbone of Iowa's presidential caucuses every four years. Iowa is traditionally the first state to hold a presidential nomination contest, giving its caucuses an early role in winnowing out the field of presidential contenders.
Following a summertime book tour, Clinton was making her biggest campaign splash in 2014 so far, opening a season of fundraising and campaigning ahead of the November elections for Democrats who are trying to maintain a Senate majority during President Barack Obama's final two years. The event was serving as a farewell for Harkin, a liberal stalwart and former presidential candidate who is retiring after four decades in Congress.
Clinton finished third behind Barack Obama and former Sen. John Edwards in Iowa's leadoff presidential caucuses in January 2008, and the former secretary of state has not returned since. Iowa Democrats said Clinton remained widely popular and predicted she would receive broad support if she chooses to run again.
``Barack Obama was a phenomenon. He just was. I'll give him credit, he worked hard in Iowa, but so did she,'' Harkin said, when asked whether Clinton would do things differently in the state if she runs in 2016.
On Sunday, party activists streamed onto a hot-air balloon field lined with colorful signs thanking the Harkins and promoting state candidates like Rep. Bruce Braley, who is running for Senate. Ready for Hillary, a super political action committee supporting a potential Clinton candidacy, posted light blue ``Ready'' signs to promote the main speaker. On stage sat a quintessential Iowa tableau: bales of hay, an American flag and two tractors parked in the surrounding field.
``I honestly believe she will be the next president,'' said Cindy Sturtz, a union member from Fort Dodge, who caucused for Obama in 2008 but says she plans to support Clinton if she runs again.
The Clintons' arrival offered the possibility of a fresh start for the former New York senator and first lady, whose campaign stumbled in the months leading to the caucuses.
Anti-war activists opposed her vote to authorize the Iraq war in 2002 and coalesced around Obama, who had opposed the war as an Illinois state senator. Clinton was often insulated by a large entourage in a state where face-to-face politics has long been a campaign hallmark.
Clinton, who has conferred with Iowa Democrats in recent days, would enter a presidential campaign with a large advantage over potential rivals. Early polls have shown her leading other Democrats by wide margins, including Vice President Joe Biden and Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley.
Biden is traveling to Des Moines next week and has not closed the possibility of another campaign while O'Malley has made several visits to the state and dispatched staffers to Iowa this fall.
Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, an independent who is considering a presidential campaign, said in an interview with NBC's ``Meet the Press,'' that there was ``profound anger at the greed on Wall Street'' and at the nation's political establishment. Sanders said ``the issue is not Hillary'' but the decline in the middle-class standard of living and the gap between rich and poor. ``The American people want change,'' he said.
Clinton has said she expects to decide on another campaign early next year.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS opens Saudi Arabia s first all-women BPOBPO centre
(REPRESENTATIVE IMAGEIndia's…)
MUMBAI: India's largest software exporter TCS today said it has opened Saudi Arabia's first all-female business process centre, which will provide employment to up to 3,000 women in three years.
Saudi Aramco and GE are the centre's first customers, TCS said in a statement here.
Both the clients have already surpassed their target of recruiting 100 women each, while the total number of those employed at the centre stands at 300, it said.
The Riyadh-based 3,200-sq mt facility will offer customers specialised finance and accounting, human resources, materials supply and office services to improve their operational efficiency, it said.
The centre was announced in September last year. Saudi Arabia's Commerce and Industry Minister Tawfiq bin Fawzan Al Rabiah, Deputy Governor of Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority Prince Saud bin Khalid, Saudi Aramco's President and Chief Executive Khalid Al Falih and GE's Vice Chairman John Rice, were present on the occasion, the statement said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Queen Elizabeth II urges Scots to think care...Queen Elizabeth II urges Scots to 'think carefully' on independence vote
By Reuters | 15 Sep, 2014, 12.03AM IST
Whatever the outcome of Thursday's vote, Queen Elizabeth is still likely to be Queen of Scotland, since most Scots are keen to retain her as head of state.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
EDINBURGH: Queen Elizabeth II has broken her silence over the Scottish independence vote , telling a member of the public on Sunday that she hoped Scots would think very carefully about the future when voting in a referendum that could break up the United Kingdom.
The monarch, coming out of a morning service at a church in Crathie near her Balmoral estate in Scotland, responded to a remark from a well-wisher that they would not mention the referendum.
"I hope people will think very carefully about the future," The Times newspaper reported Elizabeth as saying.
A vote for independence on Thursday would divide the kingdom and although Elizabeth is assumed to back the union, she has been extremely careful to avoid making public comments on the referendum.
"This is totally impartial and reinforces the point that this is a matter for the people of Scotland," a source at Buckingham Palace told Reuters.
"The queen is constitutionally impartial, above politics and has always said this is a matter for the people of Scotland," the source said.
Whatever the outcome of Thursday's vote, Queen Elizabeth is still likely to be Queen of Scotland, since most Scots are keen to retain her as head of state even if they vote to go it alone.
Should Scotland vote for independence, nationalists say Elizabeth, who is 88, would remain Queen of Scotland although they give no guarantee of the monarchy's long-term future
Scotland is close to Elizabeth's heart. Her mother was Scottish and she spent much of her childhood there. Her late sister Margaret was born there.
The country is the favourite summer destination for her and her husband Philip, who leave London in August for their estate at Balmoral, often joined by other members of the royal family.
Her only official comment on the referendum came in May in a message to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland.
"In this important year of referendum, we pray that whatever the outcome, people of faith and people of good will, will work together for the social good of Scotland," she said.
However, she gave an indication of her views on a split of her realm during a speech to mark 25 years on the throne in 1977 when she referred to referendums on devolved governments in Scotland and Wales, which were later rejected by voters.
"I number Kings and Queens of England and of Scotland, and Princes of Wales among my ancestors and so I can readily understand these aspirations. But I cannot forget that I was crowned Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland."

At Ferrari  shake-up at the top could change...Ferrari decreed that the main business of his company would be racing, primarily in Formula One, and that success on the track would trump all else.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
At the Ferrari headquarters in Maranello, Italy, a few miles outside Modena, there is much to remind a visitor of the guiding principle set down by the company's founder, Enzo Ferrari, in the years after World War II.
Ferrari decreed that the main business of his company would be racing, primarily in Formula One , and that success on the track would trump all else, including building and selling the production cars that have become icons of style and performance over the past 60 years that seemed to challenge the ethos set by the company's founder.
But the question now is whether that tradition — selling road cars to support the racing operations, rather than using the racetrack as a shop window to promote road car sales — will survive at Ferrari under the new, more hard-edge corporate era that seemed to be heralded last week after an inelegant management shakeup.
The dismissal last week of Luca Cordero di Montezemolo, 67, a protege of Ferrari's who has run the company since 1991, points to a future in which Ferrari will be folded more conclusively into the corporate mammoth of its parent company, Fiat Chrysler, just as Fiat Chrysler opens itself up to increased market pressures with a listing on the New York Stock Exchange, scheduled for October 13.
Statements by the new Ferrari chairman, Sergio Marchionne , who is adding the Ferrari duties to his role as chief executive of Fiat Chrysler, have suggested that Ferrari will most likely be shorn of some of the go-italone idiosyncrasies that have survived since the cantankerous founder died at age 90 in 1988.
The takeover by the Italian-born, Canadian-educated Marchionne, 62, also will mark the moment when Ferrari's fortunes pass, for the first time, into the hands of somebody who is not a pedigreed veteran of the company's F1 operations.
That pedigree has been inescapable in the 23 years di Montezemolo has been in charge. Visitors to his office at Maranello have passed down a corridor hung with photographs of Ferrari's racing triumphs, some of them achieved when di Montezemolo was the F1 team manager in the 1970s. As chairman, di Montezemolo demonstrated his commercial prowess by guiding the company to its most profitable years as a road car manufacturer, with sales (6,922 cars, a third of them in the United States, in 2013) and profits ($318 million) now at multiples of what they were when Enzo Ferrari died. But the commercial success has coincided with more patchy results in the company's racing operation.
In the Michael Schumacher years, a multinational team of engineers, designers and racing team principals assembled by di Montezemolo delivered five consecutive drivers' championships from 2000 and 2004, a record not even Ferrari himself could match. Overall, 118 of Ferrari's 221 Grand Prix wins have been achieved under di Montezemolo's chairmanship.
But the glory years have been followed with one of the worst chapters in Ferrari's racing history. The team has not won a driver's championship since Kimi Raikonnen's sliver-thin triumph in 2007, or a manufacturer's championship since 2008. Ferrari had only two wins in the 19 races in 2013, and none in the 13 run so far this year.
The urbane di Montezemolo has tried in vain to turn the team around. Last year he threatened to fire Spanish driver Fernando Alonso after Alonso publicly belittled the cars Ferrari had prepared for him, and this season he brought back Raikonnen and replaced the longtime team manager, Stefano Domenicali, and the head of its engine department, Luca Marmorini , after Ferrari's hybrid V-6 turbo engines were woefully outclassed by those produced by Mercedes-Benz , which has won 10 of this year's 13 races.
But none of the moves were enough to save di Montezemolo in the face of continuing failure on the track. After Ferrari failed again at last weekend's Italian Grand Prix , with Alonso retiring in a plume of engine smoke and Raikonnen's car finishing ninth, Marchionne told reporters that it was "absolutely nonnegotiable" that Ferrari should win F1 races and that the team's track successes were essential to the marketing plans of the Fiat Chrysler group.
On Wednesday, the guillotine dropped. Di Montezemolo, describing the decision as "the end of an era," accepted a $35 million severance package and said in a statement that he considered it appropriate that Marchionne should take the lead at Ferrari at a time when Fiat Chrysler was preparing to go public with its listing in New York.
Page 1 of 2

Egypt: Qatar ordered Islamists out within 2 ...Officials and observers say that Qatar had resisted Gulf pressures to move against the Brotherhood until its ruling emir met with top Saudi officials.
In pic: Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood facing wave of trials.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
CAIRO: Egypt will hunt down exiled Muslim Brotherhood leaders and seek their arrest, a top official said Sunday, after Qatar ordered them to leave its territory despite initially hosting group members following the ouster of Egypt's Islamist President Mohammed Morsi last year.
The tiny Gulf nation's expulsion of the Brotherhood, branded a terrorist organization by Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, signals it is moving to mend a diplomatic rift triggered by its support of the group. Analysts described the move as a political victory for Egypt's current leadership.
Minister of Interior Mohammed Ibrahim said that Qatari authorities gave Brotherhood leaders one month to leave the country, and reporters for the Doha-based Al-Jazeera Egypt channel two months to leave. It was not immediately possible to confirm the ultimatum with Qatari officials, who rarely comment on the issue.
A number of the group's senior members and allied clerics had already said Saturday that they would leave "to avoid embarrassing" Qatar, which suffered severely strained relations with Egypt and other Gulf countries for hosting the Brotherhood.
A Brotherhood member in Qatar, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of concerns for his safety, said the Qataris conveyed to them that they were under constant pressure led by Egypt to serve Egyptian arrest warrants for the Islamists. He said he will travel to Malaysia while other members will be travelling to Britain or Turkey.
He added that the group had started discussing the possibility of leaving Qatar after Egypt's former military chief Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi ascended to the presidency. El-Sissi led Morsi's ouster after millions of protesters rallied to demand his resignation last summer.
The head of a Brotherhood-allied Egyptian Salafi party living in Qatar said that Egyptian Islamists there know the country has been under pressure to expel them and that Cairo has been encouraging countries to consider them just as dangerous as brutal extremists who have taken over swaths of Iraq and Syria.
"Egypt wants to brand the Brotherhood with the stamp of the Islamic State group," Ihab Shiha said by telephone, adding that he himself was not asked to leave the country.
Officials and observers say that Qatar had resisted Gulf pressures to move against the Brotherhood until its ruling emir met with top Saudi officials.
Egyptian security and military officials say Qatar agreed to "gradually" expel the group's members and allies. They said that up to 120 people could leave as part of the agreement, including some facing charges of inciting violence in Egypt.
The officials also said that broadcaster Al-Jazeera would tone down its criticism of Egypt as part of the deal. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the press.
Egypt has accused Al-Jazeera and its affiliates of serving as a Brotherhood mouthpiece in its campaign against the Egyptian government, an allegation the network has repeatedly denied. Its Egyptian branch, Al-Jazeera Mubashir Misr, however devotes nearly its entire broadcast to cover near-daily, scattered demonstrations by Morsi's supporters.
Page 1 of 2

Here s what PM Narendra Modi should do during his trip to AmericaModi has to use data and facts to communicate to Obama and the US Congress how Indian cos are working hard to create job opportunities for US.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
By NR Narayana Murthy
I believe our Prime Minister's visit to the US will be one of his most important foreign trips, if not the most important foreign trip he will make during his tenure as PM. There are several reasons for it.
First, he will have to show that he does not carry any biases from prior transactions. He has already shown that he is a graceful leader even though the US was very discourteous to him when he was the chief minister of Gujarat.
Second, at this stage in India's economic development, we have to build close relations with the US, the No. 1 country in higher education and innovation. The only way we can secure our future is through our focus on becoming increasingly better in higher education, research and innovation. That cannot happen unless we work closely with the US. We have to enhance interactions between students, researchers and academicians of both countries.
Getting Along with No. 1
Third, the US is the only superpower in the world today, with almost nine times our GDP and with a per-capita 33 times ours. The US is also the best example of the power of entrepreneurship enhancing prosperity of its people.
Finally, it is our second-largest trading partner and the largest customer base for our software industry, contributing $40-45 billion to our software exports every year. This figure has to be seen in the context of the recent euphoria in India when Japanese corporations agreed to invest over $35 billion in India over five years.
The software industry has created over 3.2 million jobs, with 2-3 times that number of jobs created in the secondary and tertiary sectors. This industry has raised the image of India much more than all other Indian industries put together. Therefore, any Indian government — whether left, right or centrist — has to carefully nurture this relationship, and make it stronger.
I am sure our PM knows better than most of us how worked up the US Congress is about Indian companies using H1B and L1 visas to bring in Indian labour to service their US clients. This has been a hot issue that has troubled the legislators in the US for some years now. The immigration bill over which there has been much haggling between the Republicans and the Democrats has some onerous clauses for Indian software companies.
Despite all of this, a large number of well-known US corporations depend on our software industry to help them in building their information systems. Therefore, this is an opportune time for our PM to impress upon President Barack Obama the importance of our software industry in making the US corporations even more efficient to benefit their customers not just in their own markets but also in third-country markets. He has to use data and facts to communicate to the president and the pivotal members of the US Congress how Indian companies are working hard to create job opportunities for US citizens and permanent residents.
He has to show data on the nonavailability of talent in the US. He has to show how our software industry is good for the US economy. He has to develop deep friendship with several key members on both sides of the aisle in the Congress. He has the charisma to do it. It is good to invite several important members of the US Congress as state guests to visit India and roll out the red carpet.
Page 1 of 2

The New York Times Book Review is adding new categories of Best Seller lists and changing up its approach in printReligion, spirituality and faith
Celebrities
The Review also is pulling from other sections in the paper—sports, science, business—to include lists that appear or used to appear on those pages. Other lists that until now have been online only—manga; food and fitness; and politics—also will be cycled into print.
The print edition will rotate the new lists, featuring only a few niche categories weekly. So even as the number of lists grows, the section actually will carry one less page of lists in print. A sample of the revamped section shows how the humor list gets cycled in:
The Sunday Book Review, which usually runs about 32 pages, used to have six devoted to lists. This is the second time in the past two years that a page of lists has been cut, bringing the number of list pages to four.
Yes, NYTBR is adding more niche best sellers. But we're actually trimming a page of lists from the print edition, to add reviews/essays.
— Gregory Cowles (@GregoryCowles) September 12, 2014
The changes come as authors increasingly are using the web to  build greater followings and  establish themselves as experts in their field. All of the Times Best Seller lists will be available online , which could add to the digital brand-building efforts of authors. The print section, meanwhile, will have more room for essays, reviews, or features.
Times Book Review editor Pamela Paul tells Quartz that the growing ability of authors to locate target audiences online didn’t factor into the paper’s decision to develop the new lists, though she does believe that the internet is changing the way readers discover books or writers. “I think that authors and readers are able to have closer and more frequent forms of contact depending on interests on both ends,” Paul says.
For Paul, increasing the number of best seller lists was, she says, a way to address the diversity of reader interests, and to introduce people to topics they might not have considered before.
While the changes might better target readers’ personalized needs, they perhaps also still provide that serendipitous experience of old-school bookstore browsing. The website, featuring all the lists, might be just the place for readers who either know what they want or enjoy choosing from as wide a selection as possible. And maybe the rotating Sunday Book Review lists in print can do what smaller, independent book stores  often are so good at, helping people arrive at the perfect choice, after guiding them to books they didn’t even know they were looking for.
Share this:
Top News

Investor wealth of BSE stocks nears Rs 100L crInvestor wealth of BSE listed stocks nears Rs 100 lakh crore mark
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 02.24PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(With the benchmark Sensex…)
NEW DELHI: With the benchmark Sensex witnessing a dream-run, total market valuation of BSE listed companies has inched closer to Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
At present, the total market capitalisation (m-cap) of BSE listed companies stands at Rs 96,25,517 crore which is Rs 3.74 lakh short of Rs 100 lakh crore mark.
In terms of US dollar, the total market value of BSE listed companies has surged to USD 1.58 trillion at the current rupee rate of 60.65 against the Greenback.
Earlier, the total m-cap of domestic listed companies had reached a record USD 1.5 trillion in June this year.
India had first entered the trillion-dollar club in June 2007, but moved out in September 2008 after a global meltdown.
It again got back into the elite league in May 2009 and largely remained there except for some brief periods including once in 2012. In August 2013, it had again slipped out of the elite list.
Indian stock market investors are making big gains as the Sensex has gained 5,890.36 points or 27.82 per cent so far this year. The index has hit its all-time high of 27,354.99 on September 8.
"The undercurrent of the stock market is very bullish. Markets are likely to sustain at current levels," an expert said.
Sensex blue-chip companies whose market valuation is more than Rs 1 lakh crore include TCS, ONGC , RIL , ITC , Coal India , Infosys , HDFC Bank , SBI , ICICI Bank , Sun Pharma , Bharti Airtel, HDFC, L&T, Wipro, Tata Motors and NTPC.
Outsourcing giant TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs 5,10,415.13 crore.
Analysts said Indian markets are also making merry helped by robust foreign fund inflows.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore (USD 33 billion) in the country's equity market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Concern rises over Europes growth rateLast updated: September 14, 2014 6:12 pm
Europe shuns growth in favour of ‘safety first’
By Sarah Gordon, Europe business editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e9477fb0-3984-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Govt hopes to slash oil  fertiliser subsidy bills from budgeted levelsBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Why investors can give a miss to Shemaroo Entertainment s IPOInvestors can skip Shemaroo's IPO; company's ability to leverage its content will set its future course
By Rajesh Naidu , ET Bureau | 15 Sep, 2014, 09.10AM IST
For past 5 years, more than 50% of the Shemaroo's revenues are coming from distribution of broadcast rights of its films to television channels
ET SPECIAL:
Shemaroo Entertainment is entering the capital market with an initial public offering of shares in the price band of Rs 155-170. The subscription opens on September 16 and closes on September 18.
Business
Shemaroo Entertainment is one of the largest and oldest media and entertainment companies in India. Starting off as a book library in south Mumbai in the 1960s, today Shemaroo is a film content distributor across various media platforms such as broadcast syndication (licensing of films to channels, through satellite and cable), new media (mobile, internet), home videos (VCD, DVD and Blu-Ray) and other media platform such as inflight entertainment.
Shemaroo distributes its library of 2,918 films across the aforementioned media platforms. Of this, Shemaroo owns perpetual rights of 759 films -- 355 films in Hindi, 364 in languages other than south Indian, and 40 are kids and devotional movies. Besides this, Shemaroo owns aggregate rights (limited period ownership) of 2,159 films, of which 1,289 are in Hindi, 728 regional languages and 142 special interest content.
For the past five years, more than 50 per cent of the company's revenues have been coming from distribution of broadcast rights of its films to television channels. The remaining revenue is generated from other media platforms. The company also buys rights of films after an average of four to five years of release - thus, investing in rights of films with repeat viewership value. In new media segments, a content distributor monetises content across internet (YouTube), directto-home (DTH) and mobile platforms. Proliferation of new segment is expected to boost revenues of content providers to a large extent. For instance, for every Rs 100 made on YouTube, a content provider would get 52.5 per cent of it.
According to a joint media and entertainment report by KPMG and Ficci , in the five years ending 2017, the size of the internet segment (new media), as part of India's media and entertainment industry, is expected to grow at a CAGR of 32 per cent to Rs 8,700 crore, while the film segment is expected to grow at a CAGR of 12 per cent to Rs 19,300 crore in the same period. Objects of the issue Of the Rs 120 crore it plans to raise, it intends to use Rs 106 crore as working capital - which means acquiring rights of new and old films. The balance would be used for general corporate expenses.
Financials
In the past 3 years, its revenues grew at a CAGR of 19 per cent to Rs 265 crore in FY14. Net profit in the same period grew at a CAGR of 16 per cent to Rs 27 crore as of FY14. During the period, operating profit margin has been 25 per cent, while average net profit margin has been 10.6 per cent. As of FY14, it had a debt -equity ratio of 1.1.
Valuation
Among various media platforms, the business in the home video market has been declining. Piracy through internet has been one of the chief reasons for the shrinking home video market. Thus, it is important for Shemaroo to monetise its library across media platforms.
Currently, a large part of the cits revenues come from distributing its existing library to television channels. Going ahead, it remains to be seen how well the company uses its library on the new media platforms such mobile, internet and satellite, which may emerge as one of the most preferred ways of film consumption. Besides, it is also important how well it secures rights of new films that will provide meaningful returns.
Its cash flow from operations has come down in the past two fiscals. At the given price band and with a 10 per cent discount to retail investors , the equity offering is priced at earnings multiples of 15-17 times. At present, it does not have an exact peer in the industry. Investors are advised to look for investments only in the secondary market.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

FIIs pour in Rs 17 000 crore in two weeks of SeptFIIs pour in Rs 17,000 crore in two weeks of September
By PTI | 15 Sep, 2014, 02.00AM IST
Analysts maintain that overseas investors have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Continuing to bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have pumped in a whopping Rs 17,000 crore in the Indian capital market since the beginning of this month.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 6,665 crore ($1.1 billion) from September 1 to 12, while they infused a net amount of Rs 10,432 crore ($1.72 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 17,098 crore ($2.8 billion), as per the latest official data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub--accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market. This includes a net investment of Rs 85,000 crore in equities and Rs 1.12 lakh crore into debt market.
FIIs, the main driver of the equity market, have helped push up the benchmark BSE Sensex by 1.58 per cent so far this month and is now moving above 27,000 level.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $204 billion, or Rs 9.88 lakh crore, in nearly 22 year period.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and about $44 billion in debt markets.
From June, FIIs along with sub--accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Restaurants in AhmadabadSubscribe to our burrptastic newsletter
You are now subscribed to our newsletter - thank you!
FOLLOW US ON

How much oil does Scotland haveScotland's $25 billion question: How much oil?
By Mark Thompson  @MarkThompsonCNN September 10, 2014: 12:48 PM ET
North Sea oil is at the heart of Scotland's economy but estimates vary widely over how much is left.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
A week before Scotland votes on whether to split from the United Kingdom, a furious row has erupted over just how much oil the new state would have.
The heart of Britain's energy industry is in Scotland. Oil and gas firms, and their suppliers, employ about 200,000 people and contribute about £15 billion ($25 billion) to the economy.
Around 90% of U.K. oil comes from areas that are likely to be claimed by an independent Scotland, and that energy wealth is central to the economic program put forward by its backers.
For decades, supporters of Scotland's independence have accused London of squandering taxes paid on oil and gas extracted from below the North Sea.
 
Pound slides on Scottish uncertainty
Those taxes would be the second biggest source of revenue, after income tax, for a new government in Edinburgh.
Scottish nationalists say they would follow Norway's example and invest some of that money in a "rainy day fund" for future generations.
But Britain's biggest oil companies have urged Scotland to remain part of the U.K. The vote will be held on September 18.
And on Wednesday two top CEOs publicly sided with a Scottish energy entrepreneur who has slammed independence campaigners for painting "an overly optimistic picture" of future riches.
Related: 5 reasons to worry about Scottish vote
Ian Wood, who built a global energy services company, says there could be between 15 billion and 16.5 billion barrels of oil and gas still to be recovered from Scottish waters. That's far short of the 24 billion barrels, worth £1.5 trillion, claimed by the Scottish government.
Wood told industry website energyvoice.com last month that declining production would start to hit Scottish jobs and the economy in 15 years.
BP ( BP ), which has been pumping oil from the North Sea for 50 years, said the industry would be best served by keeping the U.K. together.
"However, the province is now mature and I believe Sir Ian Wood correctly assesses its future potential," BP CEO Bob Dudley said.
Shell ( RDSA ) CEO Ben van Beurden said much of the North Sea's remaining reserves were likely to be in isolated or remote areas, making them unprofitable to develop without improved tax incentives.
"As existing infrastructure gets older and output falls, costs will go up and tax receipts will come down," van Beurden said.
First Published: September 10, 2014: 12:30 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Whisky makers wary of Scottish referendumWhisky makers wary of Scottish referendum
By Ben Rooney  @ben_rooney September 11, 2014: 3:26 PM ET
 
Scotch makers don't like independence
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Some say the spirit of Scotland can be found bottled in its whisky.
But that spirit has become a little worrisome for the makers of Scotland's signature alcohol, especially if the Scots vote next week for independence from the United Kingdom .
The Scotch Whisky Association listed many reasons why makers are worried, key among them is the fact that it's unclear what the Scottish currency would be and also what it would mean for access to global markets.
The group pointed out that the industry's success is tied strongly to Scotland's membership in the United Kingdom and the benefits Scotch makers enjoy in the U.K. would "need to be similarly provided" if Scotland decides to go its own way.
Related: 5 reasons to worry about Scottish vote
David Frost, chief executive of the trade group for Scotch makers, said Scottish independence raises a number of uncertainties , including the fact that it "remains unclear" which currency Scotland would use.
As part of the United Kingdom, the world's sixth-largest economy, Scotch makers have been able to make decisions based on economic and fiscal policies that are "predictably managed," he said.
Related: Scotland's banks threaten to leave
The referendum raises questions about tax and trade laws that could impact Scotch makers.
For example, Scotland could temporarily lose access to the European Union's "single market," where Scotch makers are able to export "tariff-free" to 27 countries.
"If this were a consequence of independence, it would be damaging and difficult to manage," said Frost.
Scotch accounts for one quarter of U.K. food and drink exports, with 40 bottles shipped out of the country every second.
Related: Scotland's $25 billion question: How much oil?
Beyond Europe, Scotch makers have benefited from the United Kingdom's efforts to promote exports by negotiating trade agreements worldwide.
Supporters of Scottish independence expect to have only 70 to 90 overseas diplomatic missions, compared with the 200 markets that Scotch makers currently service.
 
UK leaders urging Scotland to stay put
Still, unlike the Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) and other financial firms in Edinburgh that have said they will be forced to relocate if the country breaks free from the U.K., Frost did not give any indication that Scotch makers plan to follow their lead.
That may be because the drink is so closely associated with Scotland and many rural communities there depend on the industry for jobs. The group said 35,000 people in the United Kingdom depend on Scotch production for their livelihood.
Specific Scotch makers and brands, such as Dewar's and Edrington, which makes The Famous Grouse and other brands of Scotch, declined comment and directed questions to the trade association.
First Published: September 11, 2014: 1:45 PM ET
Join the Conversation

Ferrari: We don t want to keep rich waitingFerrari: We don't want to keep rich waiting
By Alanna Petroff  @AlannaPetroff September 12, 2014: 9:48 AM ET
Ferrari is considered the most powerful brand in the world, thanks in part to its decision to ration the supply of its cars.
LONDON (CNNMoney)
The growing ranks of the super rich don't like to wait around, especially when it comes to buying a Ferrari.
So the Italian company -- owned by Fiat ( FIADF ) -- is making more of its highly exclusive cars to satisfy pent up demand.
Ferrari will increase production by 5% this year to avoid excessively long waiting lists. That means sales should rise by about 350 cars.
The luxury automaker had previously capped production at 7,000 cars per year to bolster the brand's reputation for exclusivity .
Take a look at the Ferrari 458 Speciale
The shift in strategy comes as Ferrari chairman Luca di Montezemolo prepares to stand down next month after nearly 23 years in the job.
Montezemolo was forced out by Fiat CEO Sergio Marchionne after they clashed over the future of the company and Ferrari's poor performance in Formula 1.
Marchionne said earlier this year that Ferrari could sell as many as 10,000 cars to meet demand from the ultra wealthy around the world.
The company has a careful balance to strike between meeting growing demand -- particularly in the U.S. and Japan -- and protecting its ritzy reputation.
"If we flood the market, we won't be able to maintain the exclusivity of our brand," said a Ferrari spokesperson.
Related: Hot wheels and deals
Ferrari is considered the most powerful brand in the world, beating much bigger companies such as Apple ( AAPL ) and Google ( GOOGL ), according to Brand Finance.
Its top-notch rating is based, in part, on its decision to cap sales, along with brand desirability, consumer loyalty and employee satisfaction.
Fiat CEO Sergio Marchionne (left) is taking over as Ferrari chairman from Luca di Montezemolo (right) in October.
"Montezemolo has been fiercely protective of the Ferrari brand, capping production ... and resisting collaboration with Fiat in order to avoid 'contamination' as he might see it," said Robert Haigh, a London-based branding expert at Brand Finance.
"There is huge scope for the expansion of the Ferrari brand, but commercial exploitation will need to be tempered with very sensitive, well-informed management."
 
Rent a Ferrari: $100 per lap
Ferrari reported record revenue in the first six months of this year, up nearly 15% compared to the same period in the previous year, even as it sold fewer cars. Profits for the period also rose by 10%.
First Published: September 12, 2014: 9:40 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Sell gold  buy copper: Navneet DamaniThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Here are Navneet Daga s top trading ideasThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

FIIs pour in Rs 17K cr in two weeks of SeptSep 14, 2014, 08.42 PM IST  | Source: PTI
FIIs pour in Rs 17K cr in two weeks of Sept
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub?accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
FIIs pour in Rs 17K cr in two weeks of Sept
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub?accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
Post your opinion here
 
Continuing to bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have pumped in a whopping Rs 17,000 crore in the Indian capital market since the beginning of this month.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 6,665 crore (USD 1.1 billion) from September 1 to 12, while they infused a net amount of Rs 10,432 crore (USD 1.72 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 17,098 crore (USD 2.8 billion), as per the latest official data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre .
They anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore (USD 33 billion) into the country's securities market. This includes a net investment of Rs 85,000 crore in equities and Rs 1.12 lakh crore into debt market.
FIIs, the main driver of the equity market, have helped push up the benchmark BSE Sensex by 1.58 per cent so far this month and is now moving above 27,000 level.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to USD 204 billion, or Rs 9.88 lakh crore, in nearly 22 year period.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about USD 160 billion investments into equities and about USD 44 billion in debt markets.
From June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator Sebi to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.
 

Investors to Fed: don t fumble interest ratesInvestors tell Fed: don't fumble interest rates
By Jesse Solomon  @JesseSolomonCNN September 14, 2014: 9:14 AM ET
Janet Yellen gives a post-policy meeting presser Wednesday.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Forget Football; the most watched event this week for the markets concerns the Federal Reserve.
America's central bank wraps up its two day meeting on Wednesday and will subsequently outline its latest monetary policy.
Investors' key focus: interest rates, interest rates, interest rates.
The Fed has been holding down the federal funds rate near zero since the financial crisis, but a strengthening economy has lead to speculation that it will raise rates sooner than later. Most analysts predict the first rate hike will occur next summer.
In a worst case scenario, the Fed would raise rates too quickly, and the move would derail the stock market rally and the U.S. economy.
Related: 2008: Worse than the Great Depression?
Keep an eye on the Fed's policy statement Wednesday. The precise wording matters. In previous statements, the Fed has said it intends to keep rates low for a "considerable time" until the job market improves and as long as inflation remains in check. If the Fed removes those two words, analysts say the markets could sell off as investors brace for a jump in rates.
"Dropping 'considerable time' would be a major hawkish step," wrote Citigroup ( C ) strategist Steven Englander, in a research note Friday.
Fed chief Janet Yellen will hold a press conference Wednesday after the Fed releases its statement, and most economists believe she will do her best to reassure investors that the Fed plans to keep supporting the economy as long as necessary.
Yet Jeff Weniger of BMO Asset Management thinks that even if the Fed hints at an early rate hike, the market reaction would be minimal since it would mean the Fed thinks the economy is healthy enough to stand on its own.
Related: America has 4.7 million job openings
But regardless of what happens with interest rates, the Fed is expected to end its historic stimulus program.
It's widely predicted that the Fed will announce plans to stop buying bonds and mortgage-backed securities after next month. That program, known as quantitative easing, is largely credited with driving the bull market of the last five years.
Related: Most loved and hated stocks right now
The Fed has been winding down the program in monthly increments of $10 billion since the end of last year, when it was purchasing $85 billion in bonds per month. At its June meeting, the Fed indicated that if the economic recovery continues as it expects, the plan is to have one final $15 billion purchase in October and then none in November.
But the anticipated conclusion of the Fed's asset purchases comes as the European Central Bank is kicking off its own version of stimulus in an effort to juice a stagnating Eurozone economy. The ECB, lead by President Mario Draghi, is especially concerned that falling prices and the prospect of deflation could tip the continent back into a recession.
 
ECB takes leaf out of Fed playbook
Weniger believes the ECB's attempts to prop up the European economy will also aid the U.S. stock market.
"It's like you know your girlfriend is going to dump you in October, but you know there's going to be another girlfriend coming along in November, and her name is Mario Draghi," he quipped.
First Published: September 14, 2014: 9:14 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Consumer durables expect festive sales to bring Acche DinSep 14, 2014, 02.19 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Consumer durables expect festive sales to bring Acche Din
"Coupled with the boost in the customer sentiment, we are expecting to close the festive season with sales of Rs 5,100 crore with a growth of 25 percent over corresponding period last year," Sony India, Head Sales, Sunil Nayyar told PTI.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Consumer durables expect festive sales to bring Acche Din
"Coupled with the boost in the customer sentiment, we are expecting to close the festive season with sales of Rs 5,100 crore with a growth of 25 percent over corresponding period last year," Sony India, Head Sales, Sunil Nayyar told PTI.
Post your opinion here
 
Consumer durable makers like Sony, LG, Panasonic and Whirlpool  are expecting up to 35 percent growth in the upcoming festive season and are pulling out all stops as the sector eyes a rebound from a prolonged slump.
To attract buyers, durable makers are offering freebies like hard disk drive, DVD players, carrying case and accessories. Discounts, cash back and extended warranty schemes are also being employed to boost festive demand.
Sony, which is expecting sales of Rs 5,100 crore during the August to November period, has earmarked Rs 250 crore for its marketing budget push sales.
"Coupled with the boost in the customer sentiment, we are expecting to close the festive season with sales of Rs 5,100 crore with a growth of 25 percent over corresponding period last year," Sony India, Head Sales, Sunil Nayyar told PTI.
South Korean maker LG is expecting 35 percent jump in sales during the festive sales due to positive sentiments.
"We are witnessing boost in consumers' confidence on hope of an economic recovery. Consumer sentiment is picking up and we are very upbeat," said LG India, VP Sales, Sanjeev Agarwal.
Industry officials also feel that the new government has ushered in a sense of greater stability in consumers.
Panasonic India, Managing Director, Manish Sharma said: "We believe that the new government has resulted in a higher consumer confidence and stable rupee, which will definitely lead to an upsurge in sales this season".
Panasonic, which is expecting 25% growth in sales as compared to the same period last year, is spending Rs 85 crore for the marketing initiatives and has run special campaign during the festive season on its Viera range of TV, microwaves, refrigerators and washing Machines.
However, Whirlpool of India Vice-President Corporate Affairs and strategy Asia South Shantanu Dasgupta says there is optimism in consumer sentiment but it would not be as good as 2009 and 2010, when industry had posted 30-40 per cent growth.
"We see a certain sense of optimism in consumer sentiment. The reality, however, is that cost of living has gone up, food inflation is high, and interest rates have not come down," he said.
Whirlpool of India is expecting 20% growth in volumes during September to November and would spend Rs 12 crore on media campaigns.
"We will be launching a television campaign specially created for Diwali. We will also support the promotion in print, radio and digital," Dasgupta said.
Companies are also adding new products in their line up before the onset of the festive period and offering interesting mix of promotional offers on their flagship products.
Whirlpool stock price
On September 15, 2014, Whirlpool of India. closed at Rs 448.65, down Rs 4.55, or 1 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 504.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 149.05.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 12.32 per share as per the quarter ended March 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 36.42. The latest book value of the company is Rs 58.33 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 7.69.
RELATED NEWS

London designers target fashion-hungry shoppers with "tech firsts"Sep 14, 2014, 11.56 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
London designers target fashion-hungry shoppers with "tech firsts"
BRITAIN-FASHION-DIGITAL:London designers target fashion-hungry shoppers with "tech firsts"
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
London designers target fashion-hungry shoppers with "tech firsts"
BRITAIN-FASHION-DIGITAL:London designers target fashion-hungry shoppers with "tech firsts"
Post your opinion here
 
By Li-mei Hoang
LONDON - Fueled by the boom in online sales for the latest trends, London's designers are finding new ways to deliver instant gratification to fashion hungry shoppers, amid high hopes of boosting growth in the sector.
British retailer Topshop, whose website attracts an average of 4.5 million hits a week, launched a new digital "first" on Sunday by letting shoppers buy six ready-made items from its latest collection immediately after its show at London Fashion Week.
"As we know, everyone spends all their waking moments on all these new platforms, gadgets, Instagram and Twitter,” said Philip Green, the owner of Topshop brand and retail conglomerate Arcadia.
The speed of things reaching people is key to our business. You guys see it, wear it, buy it - that's what it's all about ... it’s sort of us being there, being first to market - that’s our job,” he told Reuters.
The collection, which featured brightly coloured striped dresses, cycling jerseys and lame dresses in cotton, satin and leather, was live-streamed globally and unveiled exclusively on social networks Instagram and Facebook. It will be delivered to shoppers globally in the next few days.    Topshop's initiative is one example of "tech firsts" the British Fashion Council (BFC) hopes to champion as part of its efforts to encourage all of its designers to get online and grow their international sales.
After enlisting Google UK Sales Director Peter Fitzgerald to help designers understand the importance of social media strategy, the BFC said it saw the number of brands with an e-commerce site rise to 43 percent from 33 percent in 2013.
"We're showing designers that the Internet is truly borderless and many of them are getting over half of their sales now from outside the UK," Fitzgerald told journalists via video link on Friday.
ONLINE SALES GROW
Online clothing sales in Britain are set to reach 10.7 billion pounds ($17.41 billion) this year, an increase of 14.5 percent year on year, according to market research firm Mintel.
This season also saw youth label House of Holland team up with 3D-imaging tech firm Metail to allow shoppers to try on and buy clothes from the spring/summer 2015 collection in real time through a digital avatar.
British luxury brand Burberry has partnered with Twitter  to sell the nail varnish that will feature in its show on Monday, through a "Buy Now" button that the social media website is currently trialing.
The 158-year-old firm already runs a made-to-order service for customers after it has shown its latest collections.
It's a move that many other leading and emerging designers in London like Jasper Conran, Holly Fulton, Emilia Wickstead and Richard Nicoll said they may consider adding to their business in the future.
Conran, who showcased a collection of cotton and silk printed dresses on Saturday featuring printed paint strokes and abstract designs, said he embraced the options that technology offers to connect to consumers directly.
"People can watch this show, they can see it on the website live and it begins to make more sense. You see it, you want it, you buy it. I like the logic surrounding it," he told Reuters.
(1 US dollar = 0.6147 British pound)
(Reporting by Li-mei Hoang; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
ADS BY GOOGLE

Lisicki ends trophy drought with Hong Kong titleSep 14, 2014, 10.02 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Lisicki ends trophy drought with Hong Kong title
TENNIS-WOMEN-HONGKONG:Lisicki ends trophy drought with Hong Kong title
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Lisicki ends trophy drought with Hong Kong title
TENNIS-WOMEN-HONGKONG:Lisicki ends trophy drought with Hong Kong title
Post your opinion here
 
REUTERS - German top seed Sabine Lisicki recovered from a woeful start to beat Czech Karolina Pliskova 7-5 6-3 in the final of the WTA Hong Kong Open for her first title in more than three years.
The world number 31, who received a wild card to play in the $250,000 tournament, suffered two early breaks to fall behind 5-1 in the opening set but fought back to win the next six games and the set.
Lisicki continued to dominate in the second set and raced to a 4-1 lead but number three seed Pliskova, ranked 36 in the world, broke to stage a brief fightback and get the set back on serve at 3-4.
The German, who served five aces in the second set, broke Pliskova again in the eighth game and then held serve to close out the match and bag her first crown since her victory in Dallas in 2011.
It was also Lisicki's third victory in as many matches this year against the 22-year-old Pliskova, who lost her third singles final of 2014.
(Writing by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Alan Baldwin)
ADS BY GOOGLE

South Korea s Kim snatches Evian Championship titleSep 14, 2014, 10.02 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
South Korea's Kim snatches Evian Championship title
GOLF-LPGA:South Korea's Kim snatches Evian Championship title
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
South Korea's Kim snatches Evian Championship title
GOLF-LPGA:South Korea's Kim snatches Evian Championship title
Post your opinion here
 
PARIS (Reuters) - South Korea's Kim Hyo-joo claimed her first major title and denied Australia's Karrie Webb a career cleansweep of major victories by winning the Evian Championship in France on Sunday.
Kim, who shot a nine-under-par opening round of 61, the lowest ever round in a men or women's major, took a one-shot lead into the final round but the 19-year-old trailed the experienced Webb by one going up the 18th hole.
But the 39-year-old Webb, who was chasing an eighth major title and her first at the Evian Championship, bogeyed the final hole, which gifted Kim the victory after she rolled in a birdie to card a three-under-par 68 and finish in a total of 273.
South Korea's Jang Ha-na and Hur Mi-jung finished tied in third on nine-under, while Norway's defending champion Suzann Pettersen finished sixth, four shots off the lead.
(Writing By Michael Hann, editing by Mark Meadows)
ADS BY GOOGLE

J&K floods: Death toll by drowning is 30  says CM OmarWatch: Actresses back Deepika Padukone after row over objectionable caption by a national daily on her picture
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Rains briefly hit relief efforts  another 60 000 evacuatedBSE 26816.56(-244.48)
NSE 8042.00(-63.50)
SELECT      autono,      section1,      datetime,      heading,      authorname,      subheading,      content,      location,      thumbimg,      bigimg     FROM      newbsdata_api     WHERE      autono = 114091400338
Current affairs
Press Trust of India |  Srinagar Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:49 AM IST
Rains briefly hit relief efforts, another 60,000 evacuated
Over one lakh people are still marooned several days after the worst floods in the state in a century unleashed a trail of death and destruction
Relief operations in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) were briefly hampered on Sunday morning due to rains even as the Armed forces and NDRF rescued another 60,000 people trapped in flood waters in Kashmir Valley.
Over 100,000 people are still marooned several days after the worst floods in the state in a century unleashed a trail of death and destruction.
Mild rainfall occurred in many parts of the Valley this morning, triggering fears about more trouble in the area which is already reeling under the devastation caused by incessant rains last week.
However, the rainfall which started at around 8.30 am stopped within an hour.
In view of the rainfall and dense clouds, Indian Air Force halted its flights to ferry relief supplies even though emergency operations of transporting medicines were maintained, IAF officials said, adding normal relief operations by IAF choppers resumed at 11.15 am.
Syed Abid Rasheed Shah, sub-divisional magistrate, Srinagar,  said that inclement weather will create problems as many people are still on the roads and without shelter.
At some places, people are putting up in tents which are not waterproof, he said.
IMD Director B P Yadav said, "There was mild rainfall in the morning. But, we have not issued any warning. There would be no heavy rainfall in the State today." Continuing their rescue operations for the 13th day, armed forces and NDRF personnel rescued another 60,000 people caught in flood waters in Kashmir Valley since yesterday.
"Armed Forces and NDRF have so far rescued over 2 lakh persons from different parts of J&K in the ongoing rescue and Relief operations," a senior Army officer told PTI.
Of these, 1.20 lakh people have been rescued by Army alone, the officer said, adding the operation is going on.
Jammu and Kashmir Chief Minister Omar Abdullah had said said yesterday that as per the figures available with the state government so far, 129 people had lost lives in Jammu region whereas 30-35 people were found dead in Kashmir Valley.
According to unofficial estimates, the death roll was around 250.
 Advertisements

Cameron vows to hunt down  monsters  who beheaded Hainesprint
In a strongly-worded response after an emergency meeting, Prime Minister David Cameron on Sunday vowed to ‘extinguish’ the Islamic State (IS) by taking ‘whatever steps necessary’ after a new video depicted the beheading of British aid worker David Haines.
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
 
“We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes,” he said, and added that “they are not Muslims, they are monsters” as he spelt out the measures Britain will take to counter the threat.
Read: Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
 
Haines, 44, was kidnapped in Syria in March 2013. The video showed him being beheaded by the same man with a British accent who had appeared in previous videos showing the beheading of US journalists Steven Sotloff and James Foley.
Speaking after chairing an emergency meeting, Cameron said: “We cannot just walk on by if we are to keep this country safe. Step by step, we must drive back, dismantle and ultimately destroy Isil and what it stands for”.
Alan Henning, another British hostage, is currently being held by the militant group.
Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
US president Barack Obama led a host of international leaders in condemning the latest beheading: "The United States strongly condemns the barbaric murder of UK citizen David Haines…The United States stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve”.
 
Calling Haines a ‘British hero’, Cameron said Britain will calmly work with allies to counter the challenge in the Middle East: “It must strengthen our resolve. We must recognise that it will take time to eradicate a threat like this. It will require, as I have described, action at home and abroad”.
Video: Those responsible for Haines death will be brought to justice: David Cameron
He added: "This is not something we can do on our own. We have to work with the rest of the world. Ultimately, our security as a nation, the way we go about our everyday lives in this free and tolerant society that is Britain, has always depended on our readiness to act against those who stand for hatred and who stand for destruction."
Read: After third beheading and warning of fourth, West set to unleash war on IS militants
Britain, he said, will upscale efforts to weed out such elements in the country through a comprehensive counter-terrorism strategy. It will also pursue action at the United Nations and help Kurds and other forces in the region opposed to the IS.
 
Mike Haines, brother of David Haines, said in a statement: “David was most alive and enthusiastic in his humanitarian roles. His joy and anticipation for the work he went to do in Syria is for myself and family the most important element of this whole sad affair."

Classical Tamil institute headless for 9 yearsUpdated: September 15, 2014 02:42 IST
Classical Tamil institute headless for 9 years
B. Kolappan
The Hindu A panel interviewed candidates in April and chose one, but the file seeking his appointment is gathering dust at the Human Resource Ministry. Photo: M. Karunakaran
The central body never had a permanent director so far
Created amid the celebration of Tamil getting the Classical language status in 2004, the Central Institute of Classical Tamil (CICT) has been functioning without a permanent director for almost nine years.
After many attempts to find a suitable candidate through newspaper advertisements, only in April did an expert committee interview candidates. It selected one, but the file seeking his appointment is gathering dust at the Union Human Resource Ministry (HRD).
“The HRD Ministry first proposed the idea of Sanskrit Week and subsequently renamed Teachers Day as Guru Utsav. But it is unfortunate that it is not showing an iota of interest in making the CICT an efficient institution,” said Tamizhavan, a noted critic and former visiting Professor at Warsaw University.
When it was set up in March 2006, it was named the Centre of Excellence for Classical Tamil (CECT) and functioned from the Central Institute of Indian Languages in Mysore. In 2008, it was shifted to Chennai, thanks to the efforts of the DMK president and then Chief Minister, M. Karunanidhi, and renamed the Central Institute of Classical Tamil (CICT).
It never had a permanent head. Prof. K. Ramasamy was appointed officer in-charge when it was established in 2006. He continued to hold the post even after it was shifted to Chennai. Later, Prof. S. Mohan was made director-in-charge.
Academics shocked
But what shocked the academics and Tamil scholars was the appointment of V.G. Bhooma as director in-charge. She is the Registrar of the Indian Institute of Technology-Madras, who belongs to the Indian Railway Personal Service (IRPS) and is now on deputation.
The Former MDMK MP, A. Ganeshamurthi, in a letter to the then HRD Minister, M.M. Pallam Raju, had said: “It is strange, deplorable and disquieting to have a non-academic as director-in-charge of a higher-level research establishment like the CICT, and it is a grave insult to the Tamils at large.”
In the beginning, the CICT functioned from the PWD guesthouse on the Kamaraj Salai, and the library was accommodated in the Assembly, after a new Secretariat was constructed on Anna Salai. Later, it was shifted to the Institute of Road Transport Office at Taramani, where it functions now.
The government has already allotted land for a permanent building at Perumbakkam.

BJP workers seize cashUpdated: September 15, 2014 02:38 IST
BJP workers ‘seize’ cash
The Hindu BJP workers complain to the police about the alleged distribution of cash by AIADMK workers to voters at Kavundampalayam in Coimbatore on Sunday. Photo: M. Periasamy
They say AIADMK trying to influence voters
The BJP said on Sunday that its workers seized cash from AIADMK volunteers allegedly distributing it in a residential locality to influence voters in the Mayoral by-election.
BJP district vice-president Mythili Vino told journalists that on a tip-off that the ruling party workers were distributing cash in a housing board unit at Kavundampalayam around 7 a.m., several BJP workers, including the mayoral candidate, R. Nandha Kumar, reached the spot and intercepted a vehicle.
“The AIADMK workers fled the scene. We apprehended four persons, and the vehicle had around Rs. 3,000 in cash and booth slips. They were handed over to the Thudiyalur police station,” she alleged.
There were also counterfoils from the Pollachi and Avinashi branches of a public sector bank for a recent withdrawal of Rs. 3 lakh, she said. She made several phone calls to an election official, who promised her that he would visit the spot; but he never turned up.
Mr. Nandha Kumar said a person warned him of dire consequences if he attempted to prevent cash distribution. “While I do not know who that person is, I can identify him. I have lodged a complaint with the Thudiyalur police,” he said. He displayed the cash and the booth slips that he said were seized.
Municipal Administration and Rural Development Minister S.P. Velumani told The Hindu that the charges were baseless. “Chief Minister Jayalalithaa has announced schemes worth Rs.2,378 crore for Coimbatore. The candidates of all Opposition parties will lose their deposits,” he said.
R.K. Rajan, chief agent for AIADMK candidate P. Rajkumar, said the Opposition parties were making false allegations.
Police deny charges
The district police have denied the BJP’s charges.
M. Ravishankar, Deputy Superintendent of Police of the Periyanaickenpalayam Sub-Division, told The Hindu that no money was found in the vehicle.
“Thudiyalur Inspector S. Saravanan inspected the car in the presence of BJP representatives, locals and others and found no cash. Thereafter, it was released. No case has been registered,” he said.
Mr. Ravishankar said the police did not receive any complaint from the BJP about the death threat to its candidate.
Charges false: official
An election official said that following a complaint made on the phone, an assistant returning officer was asked to inquire into the incident. A squad visited the spot and said the allegations were false.

Reliance Brands to partner luxury fashion b...ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
Reliance Brands, a unit of Mukesh Ambani-led Reliance Industries , plans to bring in more international fashion brands into the country through alliances and will focus on all things fashion except jewellery, Darshan Mehta , its president and CEO, says. The company, which currently has partnerships with 14 premium brands including Steve Madden, Paul and Shark and the recent BCBG Max Azaria, will leverage its strength and expertise in IT, human resources and real estate to bring in more brands to cater to the country's rising appetite for premium products . Reliance Brands next plans to take up the beauty products segment where it still has no partner, Mehta told ET in an interview. Edited excerpts:
Reliance Brands (RBL) has been following apartnership model to bring luxury brands to India. Have you explored other possibilities?
We act as brand custodians for the partners we get on board. RBL is very clear and careful in terms of partnership. Most partnerships with international brands fail in India due to a conflict of interest. We are not mall developers insisting that our partners come and sit in a store in our malls.
Nor are we into manufacturing and supply where we might want our partners to source from us. We have IT, real estate, HR and other offerings on our side, which the partner brands can leverage.
Would RBL look at launching a common platform for its partners in the e-commerce space?
In India, the multi-brand environment for ecommerce does not exist beyond a certain level. For example, we do not have our Barney's or Selfridges or even the next level, such as Macy's. However, e-commerce is a great way to reach customers and if there were departmental stores in cities such as Vijayawada, Coimbatore or Kochi where people have great purchasing power, we would have been a part of it.
However, the 14 brands on a common RBL platform will not work, as there is no commonality between them or the consumers buying each brand. We will help our partners set up stores in India and also help them get into the multi-branded environment.
Is there any new segment in fashion that RBL plans to foray into?
We will concentrate on everything fashion other than jewellery, which is seen as an investment in India and the mindset is completely different. We will take up beauty next as we still do not have a partner in this sment.
The headroom for growth in our partnerships is in beauty, women's lingerie and children's wear. The presence of 14 partnerships gives us great leverage in terms of looking at real estate for the stores.
How would you differentiate a luxury product from a discount-driven platform in the online space?
Online channel will see virtual tier-system and segmentation. In three years' time, if you are looking to buy an expensive handbag you would look at one e-commerce store whereas if you are looking for something cheap and cheerful or a value proposition in terms of discount, there would be a different offering. The diffidence of online shoppers has gone away though brick and mortar is here to stay.
When do you think will the market for bespoke and luxury goods mature in India?
There is headroom for a large number of brands in India, especially in women's products where there is big purchasing power but very few brands cater to them on the supply side. Ecommerce is doing a good job of educating the customers on brand discovery.
Journey of the Indian consumer in fashion is just starting. We are in the early stages of fashion cycle.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Valuation differences may scuttle ATC-Viom dealThe US company is unlikely to renew or raise its offer in case the local company’s shareholders do not accept the offer made in August.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Differences over valuation is set to scuttle a deal which could have led to American Tower Corp buying a significant stake in local tower operator Viom Networks, whose major shareholders are expected to make a final decision on the US company's Rs 19,000-crore bid this week.
ATC, the only bidder remaining in the race for the stake, is unlikely to renew or raise its offer in case the local company's shareholders led by the Tata Group do not accept the offer made in August, a person closely involved in the process told ET.
Unlisted Viom's shareholders, who also include infrastructure company SREI Group and a clutch of private-equity firms, are expecting at least Rs 3,000 crore more than what ATC has bid and are unlikely accept the offer, another person said. However, they haven't made a final decision yet, this person said. Some of the shareholders are even considering tapping the buoyant equity market.
With 41,000 telecom towers and another 1,000 under construction, Viom posted an operating profit of more than Rs 1,900 crore and net profit of Rs 80 crore on revenue of Rs 5,000 crore in the financial year through March 2014.
ATC's offer lapses mid-week. Some private-equity firms had shown interest for the stake in the earlier rounds, but have since dropped out of the race. ATC and Viom's owners did not respond to emails seeking comment.
Viom is 54%-owned by Tata Teleservices and 18.5% by SREI, while the remaining stake is held by private-equity firms Macquarie SBI Infrastructure, GIC Investments, IDFC Private Equity and Funderburk Mauritius (Oman Investment Fund). The PE consortium was brought in by SREI. ET had reported that the Tata Group and some private-equity shareholders want to exit Viom when a reasonable offer surfaces.
"Any buyer needs some assurance with growth commitment from Tata and assured tenancies, which, given current covenants, are not in place," said another person familiar with the deal.
An industry expert last month said although Viom declared it has rented out 2.3 slots per tower, Tata Teleservices occupies two slots in many of those for its GSM and CDMA base stations. The second slots occupied by Tata earn rental at a significant discount, lowering the revenue potential of the company, this expert said.
Viom gets more than 40% of its revenue from Tata Teleservices, 20% from Uninor and the remaining from other operators. It has a master-level agreement to lease towers to Reliance Jio Infocomm at a market-determined price. The person cited first said Viom wanted to keep rental pricing for Tata slots subject to negotiations post the transaction, and was proposing to offset the discounts with tenancy from Reliance Jio.
Page 1 of 2

Wall Street soft as Fed meeting loomsLast updated: September 12, 2014 10:14 pm
Wall Street soft as Fed meeting looms
By FT reporters
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1ec71ba8-3a27-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sony Xperia C3 review: Is this the best selfie cameraThe Sony Xperia C3 is a good overall phone. While both the cameras are good, don’t buy this phone just for the clickers. Plus, this is a bit expensive for a phone with just 8GB storage and 1GB RAM.
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | Posted: September 12, 2014 1:35 pm | Updated: September 13, 2014 11:07 am
Of late all of Sony’s phones have been pushing for better camera quality. After the 4k on the flagship Xperia Z2, the new Sony Xperia C3 sports what the company calls the best selfie camera. But can a 5MP phone camera make a phone better equipped to shoot selfies? We took the C3 for a spin during the IFA in Berlin.
Quick Tech Specs: 5.5-inch IPS LCD 720 x 1280p display | Quad Core 1.2 GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processor | 1GB RAM | 8GB internal memory, microSD slot for 32GB  | 8MP rear camera, 5MP front | dual micro-SIM (GSM) | 3G, Wi-Fi 802.11 b/g/n, Bluetooth 4 | 2500 mAH battery | Android Kitkat
Price: Rs 23,990
Design: The C3 follows the design language that is now becoming the trademark of Xperia devices. This one too has a super thin body with a metal frame running around it. The power, volume and camera buttons are on the right. However, the volume rocker seems a bit awkwardly placed, coming under the power buttons halfway down the phone. What makes this a selfie phone is the front flash. Also, this is not a waterproof phone, so the micro USB  is not under a flap. I had a green review unit, which was girly to say the least. Also, don’t forget to buy a good cover as the body seemed to attract a lot of dirt.
Display: The C3 has a HD display that is clear and sharp. However, I found some of the default fonts and notifications to be a bit too small to be read easily at first. You might need to adjust this to suit your requirements. The display can be bright enough to work in sunlight.
Performance: I had absolutely no issues using those C3 over a period of almost 10 days. Not once did the phone stall, not once did an app lag. The Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 processors makes this a optimised performer, with everything running smoothly like a well oiled machine. Some people might find the 1GB RAM a bit low for a phone like this.
 
Camera: This is the part that is important for this phone, after all this is the USP Sony is trumpeting around. The rear camera is fast and snappy, but it is definitely not a stunner like the Z2. It can click some good pictures, but we did not see any stunner even with a great surrounding like Berlin. The Full HD video recording came in very handy though and I shot a lot of video of new devices at IFA using the same. However, it did get a bit laggy while panning video. The stills, meanwhile, have a tendency to appear sharper than needed.
But then it is the front camera that is different. Firstly, the phone does not shoot in 5MP by default. While the default shots are 3MP, with an aspect ratio of 16:9, you have to shift to 5MP when you need it. Here that aspect ratio is 4:3, which might not be all that great when you are shooting with a monument in the background. I tried lots of selfies and most of them came out good. The flash is of use when you are shooting with the sun behind you. There is smile recognition, but it does not always work. The double tap on the rear is another way to shoot a selfie, but I found that this ends up shaking the phone before the shot. A pre-burned selfie app would have been a great help in this phone. Yes, it clicks a better selfie, but we are not sure if it clicks the best.
Another small issue is that the pictures were saving in a small size. Most pictures I shot ended up being 30kb files, which is  strange for an 8MP camera.
Battery: The battery life is pretty good and can last more than 24 hours with average use.
Storage: The phone has just 8GB storage and you will need to invest in a SD card as soon as you buy the phone.
Verdict: The C3 is a good overall phone. While both the cameras are good, don’t buy this phone just for the clickers. Look at this if you need a complete phone with some sacrifices being made for good build quality and a brand everyone recognises. Plus, this is a bit expensive for a phone with just 8GB storage and 1GB RAM.

Fall in crude prices boosts chem & urea firms fortunesBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Markets to be Range-Bound; Mid-Cap to Outperform FurtherSensex, Nifty Fall Most in Nearly 5 Weeks on Fed, China Woes
The week ahead should see the Nifty range-bound between 8000 and 8200 as the markets consolidate and await further cues.
After a new high on Monday, consolidation was seen for rest of the week. The index languished in a range at the top even as hundreds of stocks hit new highs. However, despite this pause in the index, the Bank Nifty outperformed with gains of 1.5 per cent. Apart from profit booking at the peak, loss of momentum within the index could also be attributed to weakness in global markets on growing expectations the Federal Reserve would raise interest rates earlier than expected.
The other notable key factor was the drop in Brent crude which fell to $97 a barrel - the lowest in last 3 years. That and a continued weakness in gold prices will continue to drive flows towards Indian equities as the Indian economy would be the biggest beneficiary of weakness in oil and gold.
Nifty continues to consolidate at higher levels and in the process of this sideways movement; the index has filled its gap-up opening seen on Monday. Meanwhile, the Bank Nifty has stabilised and is on the verge of breaking above the small consolidation pattern on the daily chart. With mid-caps stocks showing momentum, traders are advised to use this current decline to build long positions.
The Index of Industrial Production (IIP) numbers were weaker than expected for the month of July coming at 0.5 per cent while inflation continued to remain sticky just below 8 per cent.
Markets will now concentrate on the Federal Reserve action on interest rates on September 17, the Reserve Bank policy on September 30 and F&O (futures and options) contract expiry on September 25.
In the week ended September 12, the 30-share S&P BSE Sensex gained 34.34 points to 27,061.04. The 50-share CNX Nifty rose 18.65 points to settle at 8105.50. The BSE Mid-Cap index jumped 3.25 per cent and the BSE Small-Cap index surged 5.07 per cent. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex.
Global cues were benign with routine profit booking across most markets. The strength in the dollar saw currencies weaken in most Latin American countries with bond yields hardening. However, the rupee in volatile trade logged its 6-week high and also 4-week low during the week under review, but recovered partly at the far end of the week, still showing a fall of 26 paise to settle at 60.65 against the Greenback as dollar demand exceeded the supply.
The top 3 gainers on the Nifty were Cipla, up 9.9 per cent, Bank of Baroda, up 6.7 per cent, and PNB, up 5.2 per cent. The top 3 losers were Sun Pharma, down 5.9 per cent, NMDC, down 5 per cent, and NTPC, down 3.6 per cent.
With retail investors pouring money into mid and small cap stocks, which are seeing huge price outperformance, caution should be the buzz-word as this mostly occurs close to market tops and could see a correction faster than expected.
Sanjeev Bhasin is an independent market analyst. The opinions expressed here are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability or validity of any information given here. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing on the blog do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 12:14 (IST)

India Inc set for breather on governance normsN Sundaresha Subramanian & Samie Modak |  New Delhi/ Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:59 AM IST
Sebi likely to ease deadline for corp. governance norms
Two weeks ahead of October 1 deadline, Sebi likely to relax certain conditions
Two weeks before the deadline for implementation of new corporate-governance norms, corporate India could expect some relief from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi). The announcements were expected this week, people familiar with the developments said.
Sebi is likely to extend the compliance deadline for certain select provisions under the amended listing agreement by six months. The new deadline for these is likely to be April 1.
“One major relief is likely to be on the requirement for woman directors. Many companies had expressed their inability to comply with the norms in such a short period, while others were trying to fill in by roping in wives and relatives,” said a source familiar with the development. A senior Sebi official handling the matter did not respond to calls and text messages.
RELIEF ON THE CARDS
Deadline for provisions governing composition of board might be extended to April 1
The provision for woman directorship might be relaxed
Provisions governing e-voting could be reviewed
Committee to be formed to look into practical issues in e-voting
But major relief on related-party transactions unlikely
The move is expected to be a relief for the corporate sector, which was running from pillar to post to comply with the new Clauses 49 and 35 B of the listing agreement, amended in April and scheduled to take effect from October 1. While the amended clause 49 had tightened the regime controlling related-party transactions, board independence and representation of women on boards, clause 35B extended compulsory electronic voting (e-voting) facility at shareholder meetings of all listed firms. Earlier, such e-voting was limited to the top 500 firms.
According to Indian Boards, a firm maintaining a database of listed companies’ boards, 730 of the 1,470 companies listed on the National Stock Exchange are yet to appoint woman directors. At least 40 woman directors will have to be added on a daily basis this month if all companies have to comply with the mandatory requirement of one women director ahead of the October 1 deadline.
“Since August, we are seeing between five and 10 woman directors getting appointed on a daily basis. However, I still don’t see the deadline being met, as more than 50 per cent of the companies are yet to comply,” said Prime Database Managing Director Pranav Haldea. He added public-sector undertakings had not seen any action on this front so far.
Further, due to a revised cap on tenures and number of directors, several independent directors had to give up some of their lucrative board positions. According to estimates, corporate India will require 5,000 independent directors over the next few years.
The regulator is also likely to announce the formation of a committee to look into practical difficulties in the implementation of compulsory electronic voting (e-voting) at shareholder meetings. The composition of the panel is not clear.
“The Companies Act provision in this regard has been relaxed. At present, the rules require e-voting three days before the annual general meeting. What happens if the shareholder changes his mind after hearing the chairman’s speech on a particular issue? We have suggested e-voting be conducted after the AGM. This way, one could have control over people who have attended the meeting and already voted,” said a New Delhi-based consultant.
Companies have also expressed concerns over the stringent regime proposed for related-party transactions. As it stands  now, the definition of related-party transactions under clause 49 is far wider than that given in the Companies Act. It also does not provide for exemption clauses, such as “during the normal course of business” and “at arm’s length.” However, sources said major relief on these provisions was unlikely. Sources said, without elaborating on specifics, there could be some steps towards alignment of Sebi norms with the provisions of the Companies Act.  
“Clause 49 and Companies Act differ on two counts. First, these are not aligned for many provisions. Second, for some provisions, Clause 49 is more stringent than the Companies Act. So, companies will face issues in terms of non-alignment and stricter provisions. For the provisions that are not aligned, for instance, there are certain clauses, primarily on related-party transactions and independent directors, that are not in sync with the Companies Act. These will need to be ironed out,” said Lalit Kumar, partner, J Sagar Associates.
But Sebi officials have at public fora repeatedly denied any major relaxation in these provisions. Sebi Chairman U K Sinha recently suggested the firms facing issues with compliance with the Clause 49 provisions should approach Sebi, which would be ready to make accommodations. In recent interactions, Sebi officials have said they might not suspend trading in firms failing to comply but those could be censured or a penalty could be imposed.
 Advertisements

Major offences  repeat violations can t be settled: SebiPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 02:16 PM IST
Major offences, repeat violations can't be settled: Sebi
As Sebi tightens its noose on those violating securities laws and defrauding investors, Chairman U K Sinha has warned that repeat offenders and those indulging in major offences like insider trading can't seek settlement of their cases by paying some charges.
As Sebi tightens its noose on those violating securities laws and defrauding investors, Chairman U K Sinha has warned that repeat offenders and those indulging in major offences like insider trading can't seek settlement of their cases by paying some charges.
At the same time, Sebi is open to consider the settlement pleas of those suspected of small offences in the capital markets, provided those violations are not to the detriment of retail investors or the overall marketplace, so that the regulator can sharpen its focus on probing serious cases.
The Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) also said that the regulatory authority has made a very robust settlement mechanism, which is stronger than the prevailing norms in many developed markets including the US, and is now being followed by regulators in some other countries including the UK.
A consent mechanism is in place at Sebi since 2007, which allows an entity being probed for suspected violations to settle the case after payment of settlement fees and other applicable charges, without admitting or denying the guilt.
This framework was tightened further in 2012, while newly enacted Securities Laws Amendments Act has converted it into regulation with necessary legal backing for such settlements. Sebi's orders in these matters can not even be challenged now.
To further streamline these norms, Sebi has put in place a detailed 'mathematical' formula and has adopted a scientific approach to determine the settlement charges required to be paid by concerned entities, as also to decide whether a case is appropriate to be settled or it is liable to be rejected for any possible settlement.
"Earlier, these was a chance that someone would come up with most difficult and bad crimes and still get a consent. At the same time, we have been criticised of being arbitrary in accepting or rejecting a case for settlement. But, now we have put in place new guidelines to take care of these issues," Sinha told PTI in an interview.
"What we have done is that on the pattern of criminal law, certain offences which are minor in nature, only those will be consented. So we have created two categories -- if you committed big offences, you have to suffer. We can't let you go away without even admitting the offence.
"This is in the vast contrast to the practises prevailing in the US and many other developed markets. There, you can do anything and still seek settlement. Sebi has decided that we will not do that. If you have consciously done it, you must suffer," he said.
The Sebi chief further said that "even if somebody is coming for settlement, we have removed the discretion from the officer level for deciding on such pleas".
 Advertisements

 Fed Policy  Inflation Data to Guide Markets: ExpertsSensex, Nifty Fall Most in Nearly 5 Weeks on Fed, China Woes
New Delhi: Indian stock markets will take cues from the Federal Reserve's monetary policy review and wholesale price index-based inflation data release due this week, according to experts.
Stocks on Monday will react to tepid industrial production growth and lower retail inflation figures released after the markets closed on Friday.
Headline inflation data for August is expected to be released on Monday around noon.
Trend in investment by overseas investors, movement of rupee against the dollar and crude oil price would continue to dictate trading in the stock market for the week.
Global markets will track US central bank's two-day meeting ending on Wednesday. Investors are keen on knowing the US interest rate trajectory as there are concerns that an early hike may lead to capital outflows from emerging markets.
Over the past week, the BSE Sensex gained 34.34 points to close at 27,061.04 and Nifty rose about 19 points to end at 8,105.50.
"This week is going to be an eventful one as market participants will be seen reacting to macro-economic data of IIP and CPI inflation in early trade on Monday, followed by WPI inflation data. Besides, they will be taking note of advance tax payment by listed corporates, which is also due to be released on September 15 and will provide clues about Q2 September corporate earnings."
"Additionally, they would also be eyeing the crucial US Federal Reserve's monetary policy review," Religare Securities president-retail distribution Jayant Manglik said.
While global factors will be key, the local focus will also be on economic data as the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is set to review its monetary policy stance on September 30, analysts said.
Continuing to bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have pumped in a whopping Rs 17,000 crore in the Indian capital market since the beginning of this month.
"It's raining money for Indian equities and the Indian markets have been the best performers among all emerging economies riding on FII inflows," said Aman Chowdhury, CEO and co-founder of Cians Analytics.
While the market mood is positive, a flare-up of tension in the Middle East could hit sentiments.
"Overall markets look positive and trade positions, market activity, derivatives positions, sentiment - all indicate towards a healthy market movement in this week. Sudden tension in US-Syria, Iraq crisis led to downgrade in global risk appetite."
"We may see steep movements in INR/dollar rates, gold prices and equities if the tensions continue to remain aggravated," Bonanza Portfolio senior vice president Rakesh Goyal.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 14:30 (IST)

It costs 1.6 cents to make one penny because of the rising price of zincCanada uses dollar coins and got rid of its pennies.Reuters/Shaun Best
SHARE
Kabir Chibber @quinto_quarto
September 14, 2014
It now costs 1.6 cents to produce each US one cent coin due to the high price of zinc, which makes up 97% of each coin, according to the Wall Street Journal . President Obama has proposed phasing out pennies and nickels (5-cent pieces) on numerous occasions, including in the 2015 budget, but Congress has yet to bite. The Canadians stopped producing their one-cent coin in 2013 for the same reasons.
Why have Americans not gotten around to stop making something they barely use? “It’s one of those things where I think people get attached emotionally to the way things have been,”  Obama said earlier this year . “We remember our piggy banks and counting out all the pennies and then taking them in and getting a dollar bill or a couple of dollars from it and maybe that’s the reason people haven’t gotten around to it.”
The penny actually is slightly cheaper to make this year; the US Mint lost $55 million producing pennies in 2013, when the coin cost 1.8 cents to make , before the Mint found savings elsewhere in the manufacturing process to bring costs down. Zinc is used in every aspect of modern life but is especially instrumental in steel-making, where its rust-proof qualities really shine. The demand for zinc is rising as it appears we’re starting to run out of the metal. Some of the world’s biggest zinc mines look to be winding down, and Goldman Sachs says production is expected to fall short of demand this year for the first time since 2007:
Share
Tap image to zoom
The irony is that at the same time as the government tries to get rid of pennies and nickels, the US Treasury has been trying to get people to use $1 coins—with little success. The Federal Reserve has been minting the $1 coins since 2007 and is expected to hold $2 billion of them by 2016 , leading to enormous storage costs. Using a $1 coin instead of a bill could save the $700 million per year because the coins last longer, the government says. But for all sorts of cultural and historic reasons, Americans just won’t use them.
Share this:
Top News

12 killed in rescue boat tragedy in PakistanA Pakistani villager wades through floodwaters in district Shorkot, Pakistan. Source: AP photo
PTI | Islamabad | Posted: September 14, 2014 7:01 pm
At least 12 people of a marriage party, including the bridegroom and two children, were killed when a rescue boat capsized near the Pakistani city of Multan, even as ravaging floods continue to wreak havoc in the country affecting over two million people, officials said today.
The boat was carrying a wedding party when it met with the accident near Sher Shah Bridge area in the central Pakistani city.
“So far 12 dead bodies have been retrieved,” Ghulam Nabbi, a local district official told PTI over telephone.
“The rescue workers are still searching for other bodies,” he said.
Nabbi was unsure about the exact number of people onboard,but Radio Pakistan reported that the ill-fated boat was carrying 25 people.
Meanwhile, rescue officials were trying to save Muzaffargarh city in southern Punjab, as Chenab River swelledafter river Ravi joined it with its 80,000 cusec water.
Artificial breaches were created at selected points to save Muzaffargarh but the diverted water inundated severalsmall villages.
Radio Pakistan said that a spur has been breached by flood waters near Thatha Sialan in Muzaffargarh district and the flood water made its way to Taliri Canal, spreading in the surrounding areas of Moradabad and Thatha Sialan.
The district commissioner Muzaffargarh declared emergency in Taliri areas of the city and asked residents to move to safer places.
Army and civil administration are trying to evacuate trapped people and provide food to the displaced ones. Army today said in a statement that rescue and relief operations are ongoing in Multan, Muzaffargarh, Uchsharif, Bahawalpur and Athara Hazari. It also said more than 37,000 people have been rescued.
Meanwhile a junior commissioned officer of army was killed during rescue operation in Multan. The total death toll due to floods and rains have touched 280, according to National Disaster Management Authority. Over two million people have also been affected.

 FIIs Pour in Rs 17 000 Crore so far This MonthYou are here: Home Market
Overseas Investors Pour in Rs 17,000 Crore in September so far
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 14, 2014 21:27 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Most in Nearly 5 Weeks on Fed, China Woes
New Delhi: Continuing to bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have pumped in a whopping Rs 17,000 crore in the Indian capital market since the beginning of this month.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 6,665 crore ($1.1 billion) from September 1 to 12, while they infused a net amount of Rs 10,432 crore ($1.72 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 17,098 crore ($2.8 billion), as per the latest official data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market. That includes a net investment of Rs 85,000 crore in equities and Rs 1.12 lakh crore into the debt market.
FIIs, the main driver of the equity market, have helped push up the benchmark BSE Sensex up 1.58 per cent so far this month and the index is now moving above 27,000.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $204 billion, or Rs 9.88 lakh crore, in nearly 22 years.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and about $44 billion in debt markets.
From June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to create a new investor category called FPI (foreign portfolio investor).
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 21:01 (IST)

 Investor Wealth of BSE-Listed Firms Near Rs 100 Lakh CrSensex, Nifty Fall Most in Nearly 5 Weeks on Fed, China Woes
New Delhi: With the benchmark Sensex witnessing a dream-run, total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has inched closer to Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
At present, the total market capitalisation or M-cap of the companies listed on the bourse stands at Rs 96,25,517 crore, which is Rs 3.74 lakh short of the Rs 100 lakh crore mark.
In US dollar terms, total market value of BSE-listed firms has surged to $1.58 trillion at the current rupee rate of 60.65 against the greenback.
Earlier, the total market value of domestic-listed companies had reached a record $1.5 trillion in June this year.
India had first entered the trillion-dollar club in June 2007, but moved out in September 2008 after a global meltdown. It again got back into the elite league in May 2009 and largely remained there except for some brief periods including once in 2012. In August 2013, it had again slipped out of the elite list.
Indian stock market investors are making big gains as the Sensex has gained by 5,890.36 points, or 27.82 per cent, so far this year. The index has hit its all-time high of 27,354.99 on September 8.
"The undercurrent of the stock market is very bullish. Markets are likely to sustain at current levels," an expert said.
Sensex blue-chip companies with market valuation of over Rs 1 lakh crore include Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), ONGC, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), ITC, Coal India Ltd (CIL), Infosys, HDFC Bank, State Bank of India (SBI), ICICI Bank, Sun Pharma, Bharti Airtel, HDFC, Larsen and Toubro Ltd (L&T), Wipro, Tata Motors and NTPC.
Outsourcing giant TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs 5,10,415.13 crore.
Indian markets are also making merry helped by robust foreign fund inflows, analysts say.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) in the country's equity market.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 20:56 (IST)

In Vermont  a Milestone in Green-Energy EffortsPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

From India  with love: Google s Android OneSurabhi Agarwal |  New Delhi Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:57 AM IST
Google's global Android One launch in India today
Country hosts firm's first global launch today
"What is Android One," asks a store manager at AndroidLand, one of the only four exclusive stores in the world for all things Android. Little does he know that, even as he speaks, Google Inc is giving finishing touches to one of its biggest projects around the mobile device - Android One. And, for the first time, a global launch by the company is being flagged from India - Android chief Sundar Pichai will on Monday unveil these smartphones. The low cost smartphones have been priced at around Rs 6399.
These devices are meant to give Google a tighter control over the system, so that users get a better Android experience. Google gives its mobile operating system, Android, for free to manufacturers, which can customise it for the sake of differentiation. But, this has made the Android ecosystem highly fragmented. Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook recently called it a toxic hellstew of vulnerabilities.
Pichai, an India-born senior vice-president of Google, first unveiled Android One during his keynote address at Google's annual event in San Francisco in June. The project, he said, would cement Google's position in the low-cost smartphone segment for the "next billion" users, especially in developing countries like India.
WHO IS PICHAI?
The 42-year old India-born is the head of Android, Chrome and Apps for Google globally
Took over Android division last year, is credited with making it collaborative with Google's other businesses
Is said to have bettered Google's ties with key partners like Samsung
Was rumoured to be a candidate for the top job at Microsoft, which went to Satya Nadella
Went to IIT Kharagpur before doing an MS from Stanford University and an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania
Worked at Applied Materials and McKinsey before joining Google in 2004
However, awareness at the ground retail level currently appears zero. Outlets of mobile makers Spice, Micromax and Karbonn - hardware partners of Google for this venture - have little information. Perhaps to stop persistent questions, the store manager says the devices with Android One might be sold "only through the internet". He might only be guessing but he is bang-on.
ALSO READ:  Android One could shake up low-cost handset market in India
Google is likely to ditch the traditional retail channel, in line with the latest trend. Its hardware partners will initially push the products through e-commerce portals. Spice has already announced a partnership with Flipkart last week. Micromax and Karbonn are expected to tie up with Snapdeal and Amazon.
The devices are likely to be dual-SIM, with 4.5-inch screens and FM radios, and will run on a MediaTek processor.
Invitations for the big-bang launch have been sent not only to journalists but to Google's umpteen partners, including the likes of Hindustan Unilever, besides government officials, executives of not-for-profit organisations and others.
These invitations for the high-security event contain QR codes, which have to be matched at the time of registration to attend the launch.
Pichai will be accompanied by his second in command, Vice-President (product management) Caesar Sen Gupta, who oversees product strategy for Android One and Google Chromebooks.
NOTE: The earlier version of the story that appeared in print had said that the device will be priced at around Rs 5000. The official price of the Android One has been announced at Rs 6399
 Advertisements

PM Narendra Modi visit to boost Indo-US defence tiesBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

In dead floating chicken  fear of disease outbreakThe stink of rotting carcasses is everywhere in Srinagar.
Written by Muzamil Jaleel | Chak | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:07 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 1:21 am
Hundreds of dead chicken float about in the knee-deep muddy waters that are left of the flood in this village. The smell is nauseating, but the 350 households living here have bigger problems to tackle. There is no drinking water. No food for babies.
While relief operations have been largely focused on submerged neighbourhoods around the city centre, this cluster of hamlets behind an inundated railway station on the outskirts is yet to appear on any radar.
With the first signs of the outbreak of a communicable disease in the area, the health department has dispatched a team to assess the situation. Director Health Services Saleem-ur-Rehman said, “We will do everything to prevent an outbreak”. State Surveillance Officer Dr Rehaana said there are only mild cases of diarrhoea. “It isn’t cholera. But if the poultry birds are allowed to rot, it will be trouble,” she said.
Several villagers in the area ran poultry farms. When floods hit the area, thousands of chicken died and were washed out of the coops.
The Bonpora village is around eight-km from Nowgam bypass in Srinagar. The road to the village is still under water. Some local volunteers were seen distributing cannisters of drinking water, biscuits, packaged dry milk, electrolyte packets and medicine. The villagers almost snatched the water bottles from them. “We have no water to drink for days,” said Sheikh Mohammad Yaqoob, the village head. “Nobody has come here all these days”.
“There was no time to deal with this problem of dead chicken,” he added.
Several villagers complained of abdominal cramps, diarrhoea and sore throat.
Nearby hamlet Chak was also badly-hit. Villagers didn’t understand the effects rotting chicken can have on their health till a doctor accompanying a relief team warned them. They have decided to clean up soon. “Please tell the government to send us some drinking water and food,” said Farooq Ahmad Sheikh, a villager. “We will not die of a disease but of thirst”.

From a Delhi room  relief is monitoredPrint
Residents try to get cellphone signals on the roof of a building, in Srinagar on Sunday. (Source: IE photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Written by Sumegha Gulati | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:18 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 1:21 am
A sparsely furnished room in south Delhi’s Kalkaji locality has become a “control-room” to monitor and organise relief work in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir.
An old dining table surrounded with rickety chairs is the centre of action with volunteers managing rescue operations, relief dispatch and information dissemination through social media. A bulletin board boasts contact details of NGOs, airline officials, truck drivers, airport volunteers, Jamia and JNU ‘point’ persons.
The ‘Kashmiri Volunteers in Delhi: Flood Relief’ was formed last week, after floods ravaged parts of Jammu and Kashmir. Comprising largely of Kashmiri students and professionals living in the Capital, it operates from the house of a young filmmaker from Aligarh, Aman Kaleem.
Kaleem, who founded the group with her friends from Kashmir, many of them students and journalists, said they are focussing on two aspects — rescuing those stranded and providing relief material to them. The group also ensures coordination between all donation points across the country. According to her, two volunteers from Delhi went to Kashmir a few days ago and are now at the Srinagar airport, coordinating relief efforts.
“They are collecting the stuff we send them from Delhi and passing it on to local volunteers to be distributed across Kashmir. Medicines are our priority right now. We sent drinking water as all water there is contaminated. We also sent chlorine for water purification. We are also collecting baby food, sanitary napkins, packed food, biscuits, life jackets for the victims as well as our volunteers and tents for those rescued,” Kaleem (26) said.
The group, which has partnered with an NGO Community Youth Collective, said it also has volunteers in the functional hospitals who are updating them with medicine requirements. The group is also coordinating the information network. “The information network is heavily relying on social media,” Kaleem said.

Why protests in Kerala over credit given to a Dalit iconKPMS had organised an event in Kochi to mark the centenary of the Kayal Sammelan —and PM Narendra Modi had attended that too.
Written by Shaju Philip | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:26 am
AT a function in Delhi last week, Prime Minister Narendra Modi credited Kerala’s Dalit reformer Ayyankali with the historic Kayal Sammelan of 1913. The sammelan was, in fact, organised by another Dalit leader, Pandit K P Karuppan. Dalit organisations and historians have protested against the “mistake”.
What was the Kayal Sammelan?
It translates as “lake meeting” and was a watershed event in the fight for Dalit rights. It was held in the backwaters of Kochi on February 14, 1913, by Kochi Pulaya Maha Sabha; Pulaya is an SC community.  “The then rulers of the Kochi kingdom did not allow the Pulaya community to organise a meeting on land. Karuppan suggested the idea of holding it on a plank on a flotilla in the lake. The meeting was attended by 600-odd Pulaya community members,” says Dalit scholar K K Kochi.
Who organised it?
It was Pandit K P Karuppan (1885-1938), a playwright, poet, Sanskrit teacher and one of the pioneers of the fight for Dalit rights in Kochi kingdom. Karuppan belonged to the Dheevara community of fishermen, but was instrumental in forming Kochi Pulaya Maha Sabha in 1910 with Pulaya leaders such as K P Vallon.
What was Ayankali’s role?
Ayyankali (1863-1941) was a social reformer who led a similar fight in the erstwhile Travancore kingdom. In 1907, Ayyankali formed Sadhu Jana Paripalana Sangham. He was also a labour leader; his Pulaya community was mostly agricultural workers.
What did Modi say?
He said the conference organised by Ayyankali in 1913 for uplift of Dalits was as much a turning point as Mahatma Gandhi’s Dandi March.
Who has protested?
Akhila Kerala Dheevara Sabha, an organisation of the fishermen community, has passed a resolution about it. Dheevara Sabha general secretary V Dinakaran says “those who had briefed the PM with distorted history” should apologise for their mistake.
Where did Modi make the speech?
At a function in Delhi to mark Ayyankali’s birth anniversary, organised by Kerala Pulaya Maha Sabha. In February, the same KPMS had organised an event in Kochi to mark the centenary of the Kayal Sammelan —and Modi had attended that too.
What is KPMS?
It was formed in 1970 with the merger of the Pulaya maha sabhas of Kochi and Thiruvanthapuram. Several CPI leaders have headed KPMS over the years. Once seen as being associated with the Left movement, it split in the 1990s, with one group headed by Punnala Sreekumar joining hands with Congress, and the other faction headed by T V Babu leaning towards the BJP. It was the Babu-led faction that organised the event in Delhi.
How does it explain the “mistake”?
T V Babu, the KPMS general secretary, agrees it was Karuppan who organised the sammelan, but adds Ayyankali had a role in it. He says continued…

Here is what PM Narendra Modi should do during his trip to AmericaModi has to use data and facts to communicate to Obama and the US Congress how Indian cos are working hard to create job opportunities for US.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
By NR Narayana Murthy
I believe our Prime Minister's visit to the US will be one of his most important foreign trips, if not the most important foreign trip he will make during his tenure as PM. There are several reasons for it.
First, he will have to show that he does not carry any biases from prior transactions. He has already shown that he is a graceful leader even though the US was very discourteous to him when he was the chief minister of Gujarat.
Second, at this stage in India's economic development, we have to build close relations with the US, the No. 1 country in higher education and innovation. The only way we can secure our future is through our focus on becoming increasingly better in higher education, research and innovation. That cannot happen unless we work closely with the US. We have to enhance interactions between students, researchers and academicians of both countries.
Getting Along with No. 1
Third, the US is the only superpower in the world today, with almost nine times our GDP and with a per-capita 33 times ours. The US is also the best example of the power of entrepreneurship enhancing prosperity of its people.
Finally, it is our second-largest trading partner and the largest customer base for our software industry, contributing $40-45 billion to our software exports every year. This figure has to be seen in the context of the recent euphoria in India when Japanese corporations agreed to invest over $35 billion in India over five years.
The software industry has created over 3.2 million jobs, with 2-3 times that number of jobs created in the secondary and tertiary sectors. This industry has raised the image of India much more than all other Indian industries put together. Therefore, any Indian government — whether left, right or centrist — has to carefully nurture this relationship, and make it stronger.
I am sure our PM knows better than most of us how worked up the US Congress is about Indian companies using H1B and L1 visas to bring in Indian labour to service their US clients. This has been a hot issue that has troubled the legislators in the US for some years now. The immigration bill over which there has been much haggling between the Republicans and the Democrats has some onerous clauses for Indian software companies.
Despite all of this, a large number of well-known US corporations depend on our software industry to help them in building their information systems. Therefore, this is an opportune time for our PM to impress upon President Barack Obama the importance of our software industry in making the US corporations even more efficient to benefit their customers not just in their own markets but also in third-country markets. He has to use data and facts to communicate to the president and the pivotal members of the US Congress how Indian companies are working hard to create job opportunities for US citizens and permanent residents.
He has to show data on the nonavailability of talent in the US. He has to show how our software industry is good for the US economy. He has to develop deep friendship with several key members on both sides of the aisle in the Congress. He has the charisma to do it. It is good to invite several important members of the US Congress as state guests to visit India and roll out the red carpet.
Page 1 of 2

Hotels put in the extra yard to woo biz womenHotels put in the extra yard to woo women business travellers
By Divya Sathyanarayanan , ET Bureau | 15 Sep, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Luxury chain ITC Hotels was the first to conceptualise Eva rooms exclusively for women travellers in the 1990s.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Businesswomen are one of the fastest-growing traveller segments. With this potential, hotel chains are leaving no stone unturned to attract and retain the loyalty of female business travellers who are moving up the career ladder and now travel more often.
While luxury chain ITC Hotels was the first to conceptualise Eva rooms exclusively for women travellers in the 1990s, the concept has evolved from being just a room category at ITC Maurya in New Delhi to a dedicated wing and floor in ITC Hotels across the country. Early this year, ITC Maratha in Mumbai revamped the women-only floor to incorporate new design elements and introduced workout options such as Steppers within these rooms.
"The endeavour is aimed at going beyond the expected and ordinary to cater to the 'unspoken needs' of this segment," says Dipak Haksar, chief operating officer of ITC Hotels. The hotel chain's upcoming property, ITC Grand Bharat at Manesar near Gurgaon, has special packages on golf, yoga, spa, beauty treatments and culinary classes crafted for women travellers.
Other hotel chains are now also adopting the trend of women-only floors and introducing newer and customised services for this segment. "Travel packages for women have been there for years and it's the same everywhere. But those can't work anymore as the female travellers have evolved and their needs are changing," says Louis Sailer, general manager of The Leela Palace New Delhi.
The luxury hotel has crafted a new package for single lady travellers, which includes an array of services such as dedicated female housekeepers, butlers, concierges and personal shopping assistants and tour guides along with access to a personal chef who curates personalised menus during their stay. "We spent months to refine our offerings and came up with the new one, which includes preferences of women travellers from across the globe," says Sailer.
With business from women travellers growing by 50% every year, hotels say this segment cannot be ignored. "Once a single lady traveller stays at the hotel and is comfortable with the personalisation and environment, then she is a 100% repeat customer to the hotel," says Saji Joseph, general manager at the Le Meridien in Kochi. Some hotels are designing areas specifically for women travellers. For instance, the Hyatt Regency in Chennai has started a women-only bar in its lobby called 'Escape Bar'.
Movenpick Hotel & Spa Bangalore is planning a women-centric area in its 'Club Lounge' on the executive floor, which will offer wines, juices, health food and magazines preferred by women.
"In the evenings, women like to connect with other women and they look for a special place — that's the reason behind opening a women-only bar," says Sunjae Sharma, area director for Chennai, Hampi, Kathmandu, Kolkata and Bangalore at the Hyatt Hotels.
Hotels are becoming more dependent on this segment as women travellers are more liberal with their purse strings and indulge in quality lifestyle amenities including spas, beauty, health and wellness.
"The net revenue realisation per room is higher of women travellers vis-a-vis men," says Vinesh Gupta, general manager at the Movenpick Hotel in Bangalore, which gets about 15% of its business from single lady travellers.
Gupta added that the hotel gets about 80% of its salon revenue and 60% of its spa revenue from women guests.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Fund houses sell closed-ended hybrid funds to risk-averse investorsSince January, 55 closed-ended hybrid schemes have raised Rs 4,645 cr as against Rs 5,207 crore raised by 77 schemes in CY2013, says Value Research.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: As the market hovers near its all-time high, fund houses are selling closed-ended hybrid funds to risk-averse investors. There are seven such new fund offerings from asset managers like Birla Sunlife , Canara Robeco , DSP Blackrock, ICICI Prudential , DWS , Reliance and UTI.
"Investors, planning to put money in equity but do not want to lose their capital, invest in such closedended schemes," says Ajit Menon , head— sales and marketing, DSP Blackrock Mutual Fund . Since January, 55 closed-ended hybrid schemes have raised Rs 4,645 crore as against Rs 5,207 crore raised by 77 schemes in CY2013, says Value Research.
Nature of the Beast
Closed-ended hybrid schemes have an investment time frame of 36 to 60 months. Though some are explicitly labelled as capital protection-oriented schemes and others are termed as hybrid funds, both invest in a mix of debt and equity in a way to ensure that the debt component is enough to preserve the capital even if the market crashes. For example, in case of a closedended fund for 36 months, fund managers invest around 80 per cent in bonds that mature in line with the scheme's life. This ensures return of capital invested at the end of tenure. The balance is invested in equity for the returns kicker.
"It makes sense to invest in closedended hybrid funds rather than going with schemes labelled as capital protection oriented," says Rupesh Bhansali , head of distribution, GEPL Capital . The capital protection- oriented funds restrict their debt investments to AAA bonds, whereas other closed-ended hybrid funds also go for AA-rated bonds that offer high returns. AAA bonds, perceived less risky, offer lower rates as against AA bonds of similar tenure. This results in capital protection-oriented funds blocking relatively more money compared to other hybrid schemes.
Don't Forget the Tax
Investors should not go just by these numbers, as it may be unwise to assume similar returns in future. A hybrid scheme investor should learn to live with an illiquid investment and tax impact.
Traditionally, such schemes are expected to beat post-tax returns offered by fixed deposits without risking capital. The schemes are treated as debt funds for the purpose of taxation. Capital gains earned are treated as long-term capital gains in schemes with more than 36 months tenure and are taxed at 20 per cent with indexation. Also, investors should consider investing in these schemes only if they can remain invested till maturity.

Navy Pilot Killed in Crash Remembered as  Outstandingnavy pilot killed in crash remembered as  outstanding
Tata Steel to start operations at Odisha plant by Mar 2015Sep 15, 2014, 08.04 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Tata Steel to start operations at Odisha plant by Mar 2015
Arun Misra, vice president of the project, told Reuters that the plant would be part of an industrial park it is setting up in the eastern state, in which it would invest an estimated Rs 8 billion (USD 132 million).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tata Steel to start operations at Odisha plant by Mar 2015
Arun Misra, vice president of the project, told Reuters that the plant would be part of an industrial park it is setting up in the eastern state, in which it would invest an estimated Rs 8 billion (USD 132 million).
Post your opinion here
 
Tata Steel  Ltd said on Saturday that it expects to start operations at the first phase of its 55,000 tonne per annum ferrochrome plant in Odisha by March 2015.
Arun Misra, vice president of the project, told Reuters that the plant would be part of an industrial park it is setting up in the eastern state, in which it would invest an estimated Rs 8 billion (USD 132 million).
"We have already got in-principle approvals from the designated authorities to set up the industrial park which includes a multi-product special economic zone over 2,570 acres and the ferrochrome plant over 400 acres," he said.
(1 US dollar = 60.6500 Indian rupee)
Tata Steel stock price
On September 15, 2014, Tata Steel closed at Rs 507.55, down Rs 9.5, or 1.84 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 578.60 and the 52-week low was Rs 266.15.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 75.41 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 6.73. The latest book value of the company is Rs 629.60 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 0.81.
RELATED NEWS

Here are some stock trading ideas from Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are some stock trading ideas from Sudarshan Sukhani
Watch the interview of Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on markets and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

Engineers building car using 3-D printer at McCormick Place0
Machine makers get to showcase their products at IMTS, which is held every two years in Chicago. It’s like a giant showroom filled with computer-run machines, some as big as a studio apartment, that make the parts that go into cars, tractors, combines, etc.
Rick Neff, a marketing manager at Cincinnati, said the show allows the company to hear how its customers would use the technology as they continue to improve it. 
“We can sit around in our offices and imagine it,” Neff said. But, he added, getting out really allows the company to understand the market.
Cincinnati already sold one of its two machines, both prototypes, to a plastics manufacturer that Neff said wants to research how its products could be used by the technology. The idea, he added, is for the company to offer a complete library of materials once Cincinnati starts selling the machines.
As Saturday inches closer, engineers have been working around the clock to make final improvements to the machine. For example, just last week, Andrew Messing, the engineer behind the code that slices the design and tells the computer how to lay it out, wrote a piece of code that makes a part swirl to cut off the molten material from what’s already been printed. That prevented engineers from having to get in with chisels to manually cut it.
After the body of the car is printed, it will then be smoothed out on a machine that cuts the excess material. Then, it will be assembled with tires, lights, fenders, seats, etc. Other companies in the show made some of those parts via traditional manufacturing methods.
For John “Jay” Rogers, chief executive and founder of Local Motors, the challenge means a step closer to changing the automobile industry to one that is less reliant on oil. The sports car will be made in 44 hours with just 40 parts.
On Monday, the company said it will weigh about 1,200 pounds and will reach speeds of up to 50 miles per hour.
“It will change the way we move,” Rogers said.

HTC ONE E8: The fastest phone camera in townBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Asian markets mixed; Hang Seng down  Nikkei risesSep 12, 2014, 08.09 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Asian markets mixed; Hang Seng down, Nikkei rises
Asian markets were trading mixed on Friday. Hang Seng was down 0.3 percent, while Nikkei was up 0.4 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Asian markets mixed; Hang Seng down, Nikkei rises
Asian markets were trading mixed on Friday. Hang Seng was down 0.3 percent, while Nikkei was up 0.4 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Asian equity markets traded mixed on the final trading day of the week, following an uninspiring US lead. Trading was relatively muted, with investors likely to avoid making aggressive bets before a key set of Chinese data over the weekend.
US stocks recovered from early losses on Thursday, as geopolitical tensions lingered ahead of key monthly data. Investors kept an eye on the world economy with Thursday's reports that the United States and its European Union allies would increase sanctions against Russia and President Barack Obama's announcement on Wednesday of new plans to fight Islamic State militants.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 0.1 percent while the S&P 500 reversed losses to close up 0.1 percent. The Nasdaq also turned positive in the close, up 0.1 percent.
Traders will also look ahead to Friday's data from the US including retail sales and consumer sentiment, which analysts say may be weak. Jack Ablin, executive vice president at BMO Private Bank, said: "The opportunity cost of spending money has gotten expensive as having money in the stock market is better [now]."
Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 0.32 percent or 79.29 points at 24,583.35. Japan's Nikkei rose 0.36 percent or 57.80 points at 15,967.
Singapore's Straits Times was up 0.15 percent or 5.06 points at 3,352.34. China's Shanghai Composite was flat at 2,309.57.
South Korea's Seoul Composite added 0.32 percent or 6.41 points at 2,040.57. Taiwan's Taiwan Weighted declined 0.68 percent or 63.41 points at 9,259.54.
(with inputs from cnbc.com)

Remove obstacles for  Make in India  to happen: Global auto companiesBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Alliance Data and Ulta Salon Are Big Market MoversPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Hinduism losing its benign face  says Fali NarimanBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Oscar Pistorius verdict: Did the judge get it wrongBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Fed change unlikely to blunt equities  appeal over bondsSep 13, 2014, 01.09 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Fed change unlikely to blunt equities' appeal over bonds
USA-STOCKS-WEEKAHEAD:Wall St Week Ahead - Fed change unlikely to blunt equities' appeal over bonds
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fed change unlikely to blunt equities' appeal over bonds
USA-STOCKS-WEEKAHEAD:Wall St Week Ahead - Fed change unlikely to blunt equities' appeal over bonds
Post your opinion here
 
The recent wobbly stretch in both stocks and bonds may persist for the short term if the US Federal Reserve next week lives up to expectations and signals the days of near-zero interest rates are numbered, but it is unlikely to tip valuation scales in favor of bonds any time soon.
Anxiety over the two-day Fed policy meeting, centered on expectations the central bank will likely drop its pledge to keep interest rates low for a "considerable time," was a primary driver behind stocks snapping a five-week winning streak this week and bonds absorbing their steepest losses in at least two months.
Top economists at several firms say they see at least even odds the Fed will nix the phrase from its forward guidance, which some traders may interpret as meaning that rate hikes could come as early as next March.
"If investors feel the Fed is becoming more hawkish, that's actually a negative for all asset classes with the exception of the dollar," said Chris Gaffney, senior market strategist at EverBank Wealth Management in St Louis, Missouri.
Still, few expect such a move would translate immediately into a long-term change in investors' bullish view of stocks, especially relative to bonds.
To be sure, signs of sooner-than-expected interest rate hikes could chip away at investors' optimistic view of stocks, which scaled to new heights in no small part thanks to the Fed’s quantitative easing program and decision to hold interest rates near zero percent for nearly six years now.
But with bond yields still extraordinarily low by historic standards, and unlikely to rise drastically, many investors see equities as one of their few prospects for long-term growth.
Market watchers say it is unlikely the prospect of interest rate hikes will significantly dampen investors’ taste for stocks or prompt a large-scale reallocation of funds into bonds.
“There's no doubt that there will be some volatility in the short term, but at some point equilibrium will come into the market,” said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial in Newark, New Jersey.
While measures such as the forward price-to-earnings ratio on the S&P 500 suggest stocks are their priciest in nearly a decade, other measures of relative valuation to bonds remain skewed in favor of equities.
The S&P's so-called earnings yield, the inverse of the price/earnings ratio and a common yard stick for comparing equity valuations against bonds, is roughly 6.3 percent. That is 3.7 percentage points higher than the 10-year Treasury yield, currently 2.6 percent, whereas the long-term spread between the two is about 1.5 percentage points.
When measured against corporate junk bonds, the bond market's biggest competitor to stocks for asset flow, valuation math is tilted even more heavily in favor of equities. The average yield to maturity on junk bonds is just 6.3 percent, according to Bank of America - Merrill Lynch fixed income index data, but the long-term average junk yield is 9.4 percent.
Moreover, US corporate earnings are projected to resume double-digit growth in coming quarters, according to Thomson Reuters data, which would keep a lid on P/E multiple expansion, perhaps even compress it if profit growth outpaces stock price increases.
That suggests stocks remain the better bet for returns, at least until interest rates rise significantly enough to return relative valuation measures between the two to historic norms.
In the current market environment, "There’s not really a better alternative to stocks right now," says Gaffney.
RELATED NEWS

Furore over premarital potency testUpdated: September 14, 2014 01:53 IST
Furore over premarital potency test
Ramya Kannan
social issue
Doctors suggest sexual education as part of premarital counselling instead
It started as a hearing of a husband’s petition to quash an FIR that his wife had filed against him for domestic violence, in the Madurai Bench of the High Court. Justice N. Kirubakaran, listening to the arguments of the petitioner, veered to the question of “potency.” He deemed it fit to constitute a special sitting to decide whether premarital clinical examination for the bride and the groom should be made mandatory.
Naturally, there was outrage. Some termed the move to make potency a precondition for marriage “outrageous”; medical professionals disagreed on whether tests could prove “potency.” But some voices, mostly those of women who had filed for divorce on the grounds of impotency, rang out in favour of the test at the sitting in Madurai.
“This does not exist anywhere else in the world. It is bizarre,” says Vijay Nagaswami, psychiatrist and relationships consultant. “Potency is a legal construct, not medical or psychological. In fact, we consider it a perfectly odious terminology.” The key argument against the move seems to be medical: a semen analysis and Doppler study will be done. “But they cannot tell potency from this. And there is no test available to test the ‘frigidity’ of women.” Dr. Nagaswami adds that the majority of such issues are psychiatric in origin. A perfectly “potent” person could have issues in the bedroom; newly wed couples may be crippled by anxiety.
D. Narayana Reddy, sexologist, told The Hindu recently that tests under laboratory conditions may not yield accurate results, and issues such as erectile dysfunction could be temporary.
Also, technological progress has made effective intervention possible in most sexual problems. Instead of asking for potency tests, doctors suggest that proper sexual education should be made a part of premarital counselling.
Noted lawyer and BJP leader Vanathi Srinivasan says living with a person deemed “impotent” should be the choice of the individual. If the man or woman feels the marriage cannot continue for this reason, there are other remedies available under law, including divorce.

Why Microsoft is buying Minecraft-maker Mojang for a reported $2.5 billion#minecraft #mojang #microsoft #gaming #acquisitions
Microsoft's impending purchase of Mojang, the Swedish developer with 100 million players of its open world Minecraft game, is more aimed at pulling users onto the software company's obscure mobile platform than its better known PC system or Xbox game console.
The software company's Windows Phone system has only 2.5 per cent of the world's smartphone market, and its Surface tablet barely more, according to tech research firm IDC. Growth is hampered because many app and game developers ignore it.
Enter Minecraft, which is the top paid app both on Apple's iOS and Google's Android systems. Microsoft will unveil a $2.5 billion deal to buy its owner on Monday, according to a source briefed on the matter.
Minecraft was launched five years ago as a PC game, but 54 million sales later, about 40 per cent of copies are downloaded onto phones and tablets.
"It seems like Microsoft is looking at Mojang and Minecraft as a way to tap into  this enormous cultural phenomenon," said Dave Bisceglia, Chief Executive of independent game studio Tap Lab. "If you look at iOS, Minecraft has been a top-grossing game for quite some time, if Microsoft could on Windows phones give players a unique and compelling experience that you can't get on the other platforms, that could be a driver to sell devices to existing Minecraft fans."
Microsoft does not disclose numbers of users of Windows Phones, and declined comment on the deal.
Minecraft was launched five years ago as a PC game, but 54 million sales later, about 40 per cent of copies are downloaded onto phones and tablets. Left to their own devices, it does not seem likely that Mojang's 40-strong team would ever get round to designing a Windows Phone version of Minecraft.
Markus Persson, the game's creator and co-founder of Mojang, said last year that Windows phones are so insignificant in terms of market share that they are not worth developing for.
"Because it's tiny," Persson wrote in an email to Reuters last June, when asked why his company only made mobile versions of its games for iOS and Android, but not Windows Phone.
"Both Symbian and Blackberry have more users than Windows Phone," wrote Persson, referring to Nokia's discontinued operating system and the fading Canadian smartphone pioneer.
Wall Street is focused on the mobile benefits for Microsoft.
"We don't view this acquisition as a signal of Microsoft's intent to double down on Xbox but consider it an attempt to better address mobile on a cross-platform basis," said Nomura analyst Rick Sherlund in a note to clients this week. "This also appears to be consistent with (Microsoft) CEO Satya Nadella's mobile and cloud strategy."
Microsoft is expected to pay close to $2.5 billion for Mojang, or about 8 times sales last year. That is small change for Microsoft, which has $86 billion in cash and short-term investments. But it is relatively large and expensive for game company acquisitions, which do not have a stellar record of success.
Japan's SoftBank) paid $1.53 billion for a 50 per cent stake in Finnish game maker Supercell last year at about 3.5 times projected annual sales. Electronic Arts' $750 million acquisition of PopCap in 2011 was valued around 10 to 11 times sales.
Joost van Dreunen, Chief Executive of research firm SuperData, said the price tag "seems like a lot for a title that has certainly not peaked but is certainly not in its initial frenzy."
He doubts that Minecraft can really help Windows phone sales: "Minecraft itself has done very well on the iOS platform, but it's better on the iPad, the screen is bigger," he said. "I don't see why this could drive handset sales."

Housing Projects in 19 Million Square Feet Unsold in Gurgaon: IcraL&T Construction Bags Rs 2,050-Crore Contracts
New Delhi: Gurgaon's housing market has an unsold inventory of nearly 19 million square feet, 28 per cent of the total area under development, due to a slowdown in demand and a surge in supply, rating agency Icra has said.
However, sales would outstrip demand in the near term, ICRA Research said in its latest report on Delhi-NCR residential market.
"Golf course road extension and new Gurgaon have remained the most active micro markets in Gurgaon witnessing maximum launches. The total area under development in the Gurgaon market stood at 66.11 million sq ft as on March 2014 end," Icra said.
It estimated that the total unsold inventory in Gurgaon at 18.82 million sq ft, with 63 per cent unsold inventory being in the Golf course road extension and New Gurgaon.
The rating agency attributed the high unsold inventory to a surge in supply in New Gurgaon and Golf Course Road Extension amid slowdown in real estate demand.
"We believe in the near term, improvement in sales velocity will take precedence over new launches," the agency said.
The report highlighted that Gurgaon is witnessing major infrastructure developments like KMP Expressway and Dwarka Expressway that are expected to create a positive impact on the overall market scenario.
"Although there have been significant delays in completion of most of these infrastructure projects, the real estate market is expected to reap significant benefits post completion of these projects."
Overall in Delhi-NCR housing market, it said the demand is expected to remain subdued in the medium term due to tight monetary policy and weak economic growth.
"Profitability of developers to remain under pressure as cost inflation remains stubbornly high leading to rise in cost of key inputs like steel and cement," it added.
The rating agency also said that further funding avenues would remain scare with tightening of lending norms by banks and reduced inflows from other sources such as private equity investments.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 12:18 (IST)

LIC investment in equity mket to cross Rs 55 000crSep 15, 2014, 06.00 PM IST  | Source: PTI
LIC investment in equity mkt to cross Rs 55,000 cr
LIC investment in the bond market may touch Rs 2.5 lakh crore in the fiscal ending March 2015.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
LIC investment in equity mkt to cross Rs 55,000 cr
LIC investment in the bond market may touch Rs 2.5 lakh crore in the fiscal ending March 2015.
Post your opinion here
 
Country's largest insurer LIC has lined up over Rs 55,000 crore for investment in the equity market in the current fiscal, a part of which will be used for picking up stakes in PSUs during the Disinvestment process.
"We will invest a total of Rs 55,000 crore or even more in the equity market in the current fiscal," LIC Chairman SK Roy told PTI.
Asked how much LIC has been earmarked for the upcoming disinvestment, Roy said that Rs 55,000 crore "covers all" type of investments. LIC had picked up stocks worth Rs 51,000 crore last fiscal and investments were made across sectors. The public sector insurer has been a key investor in the disinvestment programme of the government.
The government recently gave go ahead to disinvestment of its part stakes in ONGC , CIL  and NHPC , which together may earn Rs 43,000 crore to the exchequer. It is also planning to sell 5% stake in SAIL and 10% each in RINL and HAL in the current fiscal.
Roy also informed LIC investment in the bond market may touch Rs 2.5 lakh crore in the fiscal ending March 2015. In the current fiscal, the life insurer has raised its stakes in many public sector banks including United Bank of India , Central Bank of India  and Bank of Maharashtra  by picking up preferential shares. Some more banks would make preferential allotment to LIC during course of the year.
During the first quarter ended June, 2014-15 fiscal, LIC earned a total premium of Rs 14,016 crore, lower than Rs 14,295 crore in the year-ago period. LIC with 75% market share collected Rs 41,441 crore from individual premiums and Rs 48,682 crore in group premiums, aggregating to a total of Rs 90,124 crore.
RELATED NEWS

Emaar may raise $1.58 billion from malls unit IPO in DubaiThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Much to learn from India growth strategy: Jagdish Bhagwati  Arvind PanagariyaBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Sun Pharma  4 Others Lose Rs 36 971 Crore in Market Value in a WeekYou are here: Home Corporates
Sun Pharma, ONGC, 3 Others Lose Rs 36,971 Crore in Market Value in a Week
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 14, 2014 13:45 (IST)
Offer for Italian Steelmaker Lucchini Below $100 Million: JSW
New Delhi: Top five Sensex companies including ONGC and Sun Pharma lost Rs 36,971.61 crore in market capitalisation in the week ended September 12, with the two companies being the worst hit.
While ONGC, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), Coal India Ltd (CIL), Infosys and Sun Pharma saw losses in their market capitalisation or M-cap, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), ITC, HDFC Bank, State Bank of India (SBI) and ICICI Bank witnessed gains.
ONGC's market value plunged by Rs 11,421.58 crore to Rs 3,67,158.86 crore and Sun Pharma lost Rs 10,749.03 crore in M-cap, taking its valuation to Rs 1,66,910.28 crore.
Coal India's value dipped by Rs 8,400.77 crore to Rs 2,26,094.26 crore, followed by Infosys (down Rs 3,327.7 crore at Rs 2,10,879.62 crore) and RIL (down Rs 3,072.53 crore at Rs 3,28,501.95 crore).
On the other hand, the M-cap of SBI surged by Rs 8,227.23 crore to Rs 1,96,020.23 crore, while ITC added Rs 4,421.88 crore in its market value to Rs 2,83,518.18 crore.
ICICI Bank's market valuation rose by Rs 1,943.15 crore to Rs 1,81,069.22 crore, followed by TCS (up Rs 1,733.47 crore at Rs 5,10,415.13 crore) and HDFC Bank (up Rs 1,677.83 crore at Rs 2,06,458.39 crore).
In the ranking of top-10 firms, TCS stood at No. 1 followed by ONGC, RIL, ITC, CIL, Infosys, HDFC Bank, SBI, ICICI Bank and Sun Pharma.
Over the past week, the BSE benchmark Sensex gained 34.34 points to close at 27,061.04.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 13:43 (IST)

Manmohan Singh s daughter releases book on parents#manmohan singh #strictly personal #daman singh #book
New Delhi: Manmohan Singh's daughter Daman Singh on Sunday said her book Strictly Personal traces the journey of the former prime minister and his wife Gursharan Kaur's life from the 1930s to 2004.
Speaking after the release of the book, Daman Singh said it talks not just about the two individuals but about the journey of India through Independence.
"The book is not just about two individuals but it also talks about the times of the 1930s. Story of an India that was divided but got freedom... Struggle of a nation to move ahead," she said at the book launch function.
Speaking after the release of the book, Daman Singh said it talks not just about the two individuals but about the journey of India through Independence.
"Something that was done with courage, conviction, and sometimes confusion, the book portrays my parents, their ideas, values, belief -- how these form and how they change," she said.
The book begins in the 1930s and ends in 2004, when Manmohan Singh became India's prime minister.

Illegal mining: Odisha provides information to panelIllegal mining: Odisha provides information to panel
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, September 14:  
The Supreme Court appointed Central Empowered Committee (CEC), looking into the aspects of illegal mining in Odisha, has been provided with all information including that on shareholding of various lease holders by the State authorities.
But whether the information would make its way into its report to be submitted to the Supreme Court remains to be seen.
The report is expected to be submitted to the Supreme Court shortly.
“The Supreme Court had directed the CEC to look into all issues raised in the Justice MB Shah Commission report on illegal mining in Odisha. All information sought by the CEC has been given, including information on shareholdings,” a person in the know said.
The person added that information on Jindal Steel and Power building conveyor belts and water supply pipeline in the leased area given to Sarada Mining Private Ltd has also been provided.
Interestingly, on technical grounds the CEC cannot look into transfer of shares/shareholding issues as it does not have the mandate. However, during investigations the agencies do cross their mandates, another person associated with the development said.
CEC was formed to investigate the environment and forest violations, while the Special Investigation Team has been looking into other violations.
Already, the Shah Commission, in its report, had noted that the relation between Sarada Mining and JSPL is not a coincidence but a “well planned move” by Sarada Mining, JSPL and the State Government to acquire the lease for the Thakurani A and B mining region.
The findings are in the Second Report on Illegal Mining in Odisha, which has been made public through the Ministry of Mines’ website.
Not only does the Mines and Minerals Development and Regulation Act, 1957 prohibit sub-letting of mining lease, it also prohibits sub-letting of land to third parties for construction of any related structure. The Commission had observed that most mining companies have evolved a concept and handed over mining operations to middlemen called – rising contractors.
Of the 192 mining leases in the State, 84 mines were given to rising contractors, it pointed out. All 192 mining leases are operated/run by 79 individuals /families/companies/firms.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

China on track to develop Indian Railways as President Xi heads to South Asia#china #india #indian railways #xi jinping #japan #south asia
New Delhi/Beijing: China will pledge to invest billions of dollars in India's rail network during a visit by President Xi Jinping this week, bringing more than diplomatic nicety to the neighbours' first summit since Narendra Modi became prime minister in May.
The leaders of Asia's three biggest economies - China, India and Japan - have crisscrossed the region this month, lobbying for strategic influence, building defence ties, and seeking new business opportunities.
Beijing's bid to ramp up commercial ties in India comes despite a territorial dispute that has flared anew in recent years, raising concerns in New Delhi, where memories of a humiliating border war defeat in 1962 run deep.
The leaders of Asia's three biggest economies - China, India and Japan - have crisscrossed the region this month, lobbying for strategic influence, building defence ties, and seeking new business opportunities. ( Indian train , via Shutterstock)
It follows a pledge by Japan to invest $35 billion in India over the next five years - including the introduction of bullet trains - and a drive to deepen security ties during talks earlier this month between Modi and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in Tokyo.
India and China are expected to sign a pact that will open the way for Chinese participation in new rail tracks, automated signalling for faster trains and modern stations that India's British-built rail system desperately needs, having barely added 11,000 km of track in the 67 years since independence.
China, which added 14,000 km of track in the five years to 2011, is also pushing for a share of the lucrative high-speed train market in India, which it says would be cheaper than Japanese proposals.
"India has a strong, real desire to increase its cooperation with China and other countries to perfect and develop its rail system, and has concrete cooperation ideas," Assistant Chinese Foreign Minister Liu Jianchao told reporters ahead of Xi's trip.
"India is considering building high-speed railways, and China has a positive attitude towards this." China's consul general in Mumbai, Liu Youfa, told the Times of India last week that Chinese investment in the modernisation of India's railways could eventually touch $50 billion.
Beijing is looking to invest another $50 billion in building India's ports, roads and a project to link rivers, part of an infrastructure push that Modi has said is his top priority to crank up economic growth.
Chinese investment will also help narrow a trade deficit with India that hit $31 billion in 2013. From economic parity in 1980, China's growth has outstripped India's fourfold. Beijing is now seeking to recycle some of its vast export surpluses into foreign investment in resources and infrastructure in South Asia to feed its industrial machine.
Distrust
New Delhi's ties with Beijing have long been held back by distrust, mostly over their contested border. India has reported a rise in incursions by Chinese troops in recent years across a military control line, prompting a drive to beef up defences.
India also views Chinese military collaboration with its arch-rival, Pakistan, as a security threat. Beijing, for its part, is concerned about the activities of Tibetans led by the Dalai Lama who fled to India following a failed uprising in 1959.
Xi kicks off his visit in Ahmedabad, the commercial capital of Modi's home state, Gujarat, on Wednesday when the nationalist Indian leader will be marking his 64th birthday.
Xi is set to launch one of two industrial parks focused on building power equipment in the booming state, which topped India's growth rates when Modi was its chief minister. China will set up another park in the neighbouring Maharashtra that will be mainly involved in the autos sector.
The informal setting of the first meeting between Xi and Modi is expected to bring a personal touch, much like the friendly get-together of the new Indian leader and Abe in Kyoto before their formal summit in Tokyo.
"We hope that during this visit the Chinese and Indian relationship of the last 50-60 years would see a directional change," India's Trade Minister Nirmala Sitharaman said.
For all that, Modi's bonhomie with Abe and his plans to meet US President Barack Obama later this month point to a carefully balanced approach to relations with big powers.
"Modi is playing his cards very close to his chest, first by visiting Japan ahead of Xi coming to China, and also by planning a US visit later this year," said a Beijing-based diplomat who follows the China-India relationship.
Before he arrives in India, Xi will visit the Maldives, the Indian ocean island which India has long considered its area of influence. He will also travel to Sri Lanka, where China is building a port less than 200 km from India's southern coast, part of a drive to build ports across the Indian Ocean that some have dubbed a strategic "String of Pearls". Earlier this month, Abe visited Sri Lanka and Bangladesh.

Apples Smartwatch: Let developers find the killer appBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Small towns now fuel e-tail just as they did physical retailBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Mystery behind brightest objects in universe solvedBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Mall space in Pune goes abegging  a fourth is vacantBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Insurers gear up to assess losses in Jammu & KashmirAccording to latest data available with the council, the state had a general insurance penetration of just 0.53 per cent. (AP)
Written by Surabhi | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:26 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 9:12 am
Insurance companies are gearing up to assess claims from flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir but point out that the state has low penetration of general insurance.
“Insurers will do their best. The details of insured property and assessment of such claims will start once the flood waters recede and communication links are restored. However, data suggests that insurance penetration in the state is less than 1 per cent of the market share,” said R Chandrasekhar, secretary-general, General Insurance Council of India.
According to latest data available with the council, the state had a general insurance penetration of just 0.53 per cent as against the national average of 0.73 per cent in 2012-13.
This is much lower compared to states like Chandigarh where non-life insurance penetration is 1.49 per cent and Maharashtra with 1.07 per cent.
The density of general insurance, which is the ratio of total insurance premia to the total population in Jammu and Kashmir is also just Rs 320 as against the national average of Rs 568.
But Chandrasekhar warned that the data could be under-representative as some companies may have chosen to buy the policy from the head office of the insurer, which would be out of the state.
Most of the claims in the non-life sector are likely from property, motor and health insurance.
In life insurance sector, the penetration is slightly higher at 0.59 per cent in 2012-13, almost on the lines of the All India average of 0.66 per cent.
But even in the life insurance sector, penetration is significantly higher in states like West Bengal (0.85 per cent) and Delhi (0.91per cent).
“We are ready to handle all insurance claims from the state,” said an official from Life Insurance Corporation of India. Over 200 people are feared to be dead in the state, where incessant rains in the past week has led to many parts being completely submerged.
The finance ministry too is getting into action to ensure that all insurance claims are processed swiftly.
“The policyholders will not suffer in any way. Facilities such as relaxation in documentation and camps to ensure swift processing of claims will be provided,” said an official, adding that similar facilities were also provided after the Uttarakhand floods.
PNB MetLife announced last week that it would set up dedicated claim processing camps in the valley to support the victims. “The camps aim to ensure hassle-free claim settlement for the customers across the valley. In view of the grim situation, the claim process has been simplified and requires minimal documentation,” it said in a statement.

PM Modi raises performance bar for ministers by 10%Modi raises performance bar for ministers by 10%
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 14, 2014
First Published: 20:29 IST(14/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:08 IST(15/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who recently called himself a 'hard taskmaster', has set his ministers a minimum 10% target for enhancing existing infrastructure in their areas of responsibility by the end of the financial year.
And he plans to keep an eye on them. The task of monitoring the performance of ministries has been given to the Planning Commission, and later to the think tank that replaces it.
The government is currently giving shape to the think tank but has already decided on some of its functions, one of which will be to oversee the implementation of the PM's innovations such as Digital India, Skill India and Swacch Bharat, senior government officials said. It would be required to submit regular reports to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO).
The PMO's direction, quoting Modi, to ministries to add 10% to existing physical infrastructure and services provided by then by March 2015 would translate into mobile services for half of India's rural villages, a minimum 80% literacy level (from the current 72%) and 19% gross enrolment ratio in higher education (17% now).
The road transport ministry headed by Nitin Gadkari will have to add 7,700km of new roads and highways compared to its target of 7,000km. The PM wants 500km of new railway tracks instead of the 300km target presented by railway minister Sadanand Gowda. Similarly, targets for civil aviation and shipping ministries have also been upped.  
"This is the minimum the PMO has prescribed," a government official said, adding that anything over and above would add to the annual performance of ministers and secretaries.
A union minister who refused to be named said the initiative would push them to achieve more. "The Prime Minister is targeting us to do more for the country, and we will try our best. We, as well as the bureaucrats, will be under pressure but it will help us deliver."
The PMO has told plan panel secretary Sindhushree Khullar to prepare a template for reviewing the performance of ministries with the new target in mind. Monitoring divisions of the panel are being strengthened with staff from other units. "We believe the divisions entrusted with monitoring will continue their job till the new think tank is in place," another senior official said.
Khullar has already made a presentation on the performance of core infrastructure ministries for 2014-15 and deliberated on targets suggested by them for the fiscal.

India  China to talk investment in energy  rlys during Xi Jinpings visitIndia, China to talk investment in infra, energy
Jayanth Jacob , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 15, 2014
First Published: 01:20 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:50 IST(15/9/2014)
Comments
Beijing is set to loosen the purse strings and step up economic ties with India with a slew of investments in infrastructure projects during president Xi Jinping’s upcoming India visit. China also wants to work closely with New Delhi to bring the world’s two biggest markets together, sources said.
Agreements on major Chinese investment in industrial parks, infrastructure, energy and railways sectors are expected to be signed after Xi’s meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
Read: Relaxed visa norms with China only if stapled visas stopped in Arunachal
Both sides, however, are conscious of the complex boundary issue, which could potentially act as a dampener in bilateral ties.
Sources indicated India and China have decided to keep the matter under check, hoping an incident-free border will provide the necessary political capital to build on economic ties, one of PM Narendra Modi’s foreign policy priorities.
The three-day trip will begin on a symbolic note with Xi travelling to Modi’s home state of Gujarat on September 17. Modi will throw a private dinner for Xi on the banks of the Sabarmati river the same night, following which the Chinese President is set to fly to Delhi.
Read: India and China capable of resolving border issue through dialogue
He will spend the next day in the Capital before leaving India on September 19. Foreign secretary Sujatha Singh has already visited Ahmedabad to fix arrangements for Xi’s visit, in consultation with the state administration.
A second route for the Kailash Mansarovar Yatra pilgrims, greater understanding on trans-border river issues and ways to increase cultural ties are on the agenda.
Read: Govt to invite Chinese companies to 'make in India'
New Delhi is also set to work on China’s proposal to be a founding member of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank, Beijing’s alternative to the Asian Development Bank that is controlled by the US and Japan.  
Beijing has a record foreign exchange reserve of $3.95 trillion and plans to invest $500 billion of it overseas.
New Delhi expects to receive a share of the investment.
An increase in Chinese investment will also help India offset its ballooning trade deficit with its neighbour.

Soon  voting machines will have candidate photosSoon, voting machines will have candidate photos
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 15, 2014
First Published: 01:26 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:58 IST(15/9/2014)
Comments
Electronic voting machines will soon carry photos of all poll hopefuls to curb the age-old electoral practice of confusing voters by fielding dummy candidates with similar names.
The election commission has set up an expert committee to design photo EVMs, likely to be rolled out in Jharkhand and Jammu and Kashmir, which are slated to go to the polls later this year.
Dummy candidates often swing close elections, polling more votes than the winning margin. The practice was widespread in May’s general elections, where around half of the constituencies had two or more candidates with similar names.
In Chhattisgarh’s Mahasamund, Congress’ Ajit Jogi fielded 10 candidates with the same name as his BJP opponent Chandulal Sahu but narrowly lost the seat. Actor Hema Malini also had to defeat nearly half a dozen other Hemas in Mathura.
Others weren’t so lucky. Shazia Ilmi of the Aam Aadmi Party lost last December’s Delhi elections from RK Puram by less than 400 votes after dummy candidates received a sizeable share of votes.
In spite of this, the menace wasn’t taken seriously by the poll watchdog till a recent Supreme Court directive. In a PIL, lawyer Sunil Goel suggested photos of candidates on EVMs would help in dealing with the problem of dummy candidates.
“We agree that photos on EVMs can help voters in selecting the candidate of their choice,” a senior EC functionary said.
The challenge, however, is to redesign the ballot paper used in EVMs, located on the left side of the machines next to the buttons used to vote. The ballot paper contains the list of candidates and their poll symbols.
“We will have to see how photos can be accommodated since there is very little space available on the ballot paper used in the machines,” the EC official said.
In some states, the ballot paper contains candidates’ names in two or three languages. The EC has also directed that the poll symbol be printed prominently on the ballot paper.
The expert committee will submit its recommendations on redesigning the EVM ballot paper soon but it won’t be applicable to the recently-announced Maharashtra and Haryana elections.

J-K: Omar govt takes charge of relief operationsComments
The Omar Abdullah government is now taking “charge” of the relief operations in Jammu and Kashmir. Meanwhile, the Union health ministry proposes to mobilise boats to send medical supplies to the people trapped in the submerged areas of Srinagar and are finding it impossible to venture out of their houses.
  
Play Pause
A soldier carries a toddler as evacuated families alight from an Indian Air Force Mi-17 helicopter flying a rescue sortie in the Rajouri district of Jammu and Kashmir. (AFP Photo)
Tourists who were rescued by the army from the flooded areas wait to be transported to Jammu at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
Men remove debris of their house that was damaged in floods on the banks of the Tawi River in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A villager salvages belongings in his flood-devastated home in Poonch, some 240 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
A lady along with her child salvages usable items from her destroyed house after flash floods hit Majheen village about 20 km from Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Laborers carry relief material for flood-affected victims in Poonch, around 276 kilometers (166 miles) from Jammu. (AP Photo)
Indian army soldiers load onto a helicopter relief material for flood victims at an air force base in Srinagar. (AP Photo)
An aerial view of a flood affected Pargwal village along River Chenab, in Jammu.(Nitin Kanotra/HT Photo)
Helicopters carrying out rescue, relief & evacuation of people marooned during the flood fury in Jammu and Kashmir. (Photo by IAF)
Indian villagers look on at a missing section of a bridge across the overflowing Tawi river that was swept away as flooding continues in the Mandal area of Jammu. (AFP ...
People look at a bridge across the Tawi River that was damaged in the floods at Mandal village on the outskirts of Jammu.(AP Photo)
Indian residents look on towards threatened houses as waters from the overflowing Tawi river rage past in Jammu. (AFP Photo)
Trucks stands stranded due to heavy rain fall in Jammu. (HT Photo/Nitin Kanotra)
Onlookers stand on the debris of a house that was damaged by floodwaters on the banks of the river Tawi after heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Indian villagers look across the Chenab river at a half-submerged temple and homes at Akhnoor, some 30 kms from Jammu. (AFP Photo)
People ride their vehicles in a bridge across a river flooded following monsoon rains in Jammu. (AP Photo)
A view of residential areas adjoining Tawi river during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
An army jawan alerts people over rising water level as heavy rains continue to lash Jammu on Friday. (PTI Photo)
A man holding umbrella looks on as Tawi river rages dangerously during heavy rains in Jammu. (PTI Photo)
Water from the overflowing river Tawi floods a temple of Lord Ganesh, the deity of prosperity, during heavy rains in Jammu. (Reuters)
Read: Fresh rains hamper rescue ops in flood-hit Kashmir
“The chief minister has directed his officials to mobilise the available boats and start something on an urgent basis. I am also arranging for accelerating the supply side especially in respect of doctors and health workers,” said Union health minister Harsh Vardhan in New Delhi after returning from the flood ravaged areas in the Jammy and Kashmir on Sunday.
People suffering from diabetes and hypertension among the cut-off population need to be urgently rushed their dozes of medicines. Only boats laden with such drugs can access such people, added the minster. The central government had also sent 80 women gynaecologists. To supply clean drinking water, four RO plants with capacity to purify 2 lakh litres of water a day have been installed. Another 12 smaller plants will be fitted on boats to move around and supply portable water.
Read: Fresh fear rains on Valley
Pointing out that a number of diseases could spread because of the of dead animals lying around, he urged the launch of an information-education-communication-intervention offensive to make people conscious of the need to boil water before drinking and observing other hygienic parameters of the present situation. The state has set up three sites for receipt and onward distribution of relief material. Now only dry ration and dry eatables are being distributed through helicopters by landing at distribution sites and through boats as air dropping of supplies has been stopped.
(With inputs from HT Correspondent, New Delhi)

Microsoft to take on Android One; to rejig handset biz with sub-Rs 2 400 phonesET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Microsoft is reshaping its handset strategy as Google introduces its Android One phones. Microsoft is dropping the iconic Nokia brand name from some models, culling the popular Asha range and looking to aggressively cut prices of smartphones, apart from launching its 'First' category of feature phones priced under $40 (Rs 2,400) in a bid to target the billion first-time buyers in emerging markets such as India.
This aggressive pricing strategy is aimed at reviving the handset maker's share in key markets and bridging the gap between its Windows operating system (2.5% market share, as per IDC) with market leader Android (84.7%) and No. 2 iOS from Apple (11.7%) worldwide.
The strategy rejig comes as Google launches Android One devices in collaboration with top Indian handset makers Micromax, Karbonn and Spice, which between themselves had about 30% of the country's fast-growing smartphone market at the end of June, according to IDC. These handsets are expected to cost less than $100. Others like Firefox have introduced smartphones for as little as Rs 1,999, again with Indian handset partners.
"We're just beginning a refresh of the entire portfolio," Chris Weber, vice president of mobile device sales at Microsoft, told ET. "We aim to push the price point of Windows phones significantly lower - we certainly see that happening on the Android ecosystem - without impacting quality and experience."
Microsoft, which bought Nokia in April for $7.5 billion, has made several changes to the strategy of selling devices, including shutting down Nokia X smartphones and the Asha range, which was split between feature phones and smartphones and also competed on price points.
While customers who bought these devices will still get aftersales and service support, Microsoft will not launch any further products under these banners. At the same time, Nokia X designs that were on its roadmap will be converted into Windows Phones.
Over the next 12-18 months, Weber said, Microsoft will work on pushing the price points of Windows smartphones lower than those available in the market. At the same time, it will drive innovation in the affordable flagship area and combine design, software and services from Microsoft at the high-end, which will trickle down the portfolio.
Jo Harlow, corporate vice president for phones at Microsoft, said that there are still a billion people globally who don't have mobile devices and 2 billion who don't have access to the Internet on mobile devices, which is what the company intends to target. "On the 'First' side, we will continue to introduce new devices - First Bing, First Internet devices, First mobile phone devices," Harlow added.
Microsoft launched the 'First' set of ultra-affordable mobile phones in early August with Nokia 130 priced at Euro 19 or Rs 1,498, which will be soon brought to India, and recently added the Nokia 225 Internet-enabled feature phone. These devices run on the Symbian 30+ operating system.
Page 1 of 2

Android One phones: Googles low-cost gambleSmartphone-makers in India are all set to launch the latest Android One phones based on Google’s reference design.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
Smartphone-makers in India are all set to launch the latest Android One phones based on Google's reference design. Expectations from these devices, which are low-cost, are sky high since they come with Android experience . Though the English-speaking population is online, will e-commerce help Android garner its next 100m users?

PM Cameron vows to hunt down  monsters  who beheaded Hainesprint
In a strongly-worded response after an emergency meeting, Prime Minister David Cameron on Sunday vowed to ‘extinguish’ the Islamic State (IS) by taking ‘whatever steps necessary’ after a new video depicted the beheading of British aid worker David Haines.
An image grab taken from a video released by the Islamic State and identified by private terrorism monitor SITE Intelligence Group purportedly shows British aid worker David Haines dressed in orange and on his knees in a desert landscape speaking to the camera before being beheaded by a masked militant. (AFP Photo/ SITE Intelligence)
 
“We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes,” he said, and added that “they are not Muslims, they are monsters” as he spelt out the measures Britain will take to counter the threat.
Read: Islamic State sows terror, bewitches jihadists
 
Haines, 44, was kidnapped in Syria in March 2013. The video showed him being beheaded by the same man with a British accent who had appeared in previous videos showing the beheading of US journalists Steven Sotloff and James Foley.
Speaking after chairing an emergency meeting, Cameron said: “We cannot just walk on by if we are to keep this country safe. Step by step, we must drive back, dismantle and ultimately destroy Isil and what it stands for”.
Alan Henning, another British hostage, is currently being held by the militant group.
Read: US 'shoulder to shoulder' with Britain after hostage murder
US president Barack Obama led a host of international leaders in condemning the latest beheading: "The United States strongly condemns the barbaric murder of UK citizen David Haines…The United States stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve”.
 
Calling Haines a ‘British hero’, Cameron said Britain will calmly work with allies to counter the challenge in the Middle East: “It must strengthen our resolve. We must recognise that it will take time to eradicate a threat like this. It will require, as I have described, action at home and abroad”.
Video: Those responsible for Haines death will be brought to justice: David Cameron
He added: "This is not something we can do on our own. We have to work with the rest of the world. Ultimately, our security as a nation, the way we go about our everyday lives in this free and tolerant society that is Britain, has always depended on our readiness to act against those who stand for hatred and who stand for destruction."
Read: After third beheading and warning of fourth, West set to unleash war on IS militants
Britain, he said, will upscale efforts to weed out such elements in the country through a comprehensive counter-terrorism strategy. It will also pursue action at the United Nations and help Kurds and other forces in the region opposed to the IS.
 
Mike Haines, brother of David Haines, said in a statement: “David was most alive and enthusiastic in his humanitarian roles. His joy and anticipation for the work he went to do in Syria is for myself and family the most important element of this whole sad affair."

Nifty likely to open in red over weak macros global cuesSep 15, 2014, 08.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty likely to open in red over weak macros & global cues
US markets ended lower on Friday ahead of the US Federal Reserve's meeting and the Scottish Independence referendum.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty likely to open in red over weak macros & global cues
US markets ended lower on Friday ahead of the US Federal Reserve's meeting and the Scottish Independence referendum.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Indian equity market may open the trading week on a weak note as suggested by SGX Nifty that was trading at 8081 down 51 points.
The market saw consolidation and managed to close above 8100 last week with a strength seen in broader markets pointing towards an upper hands for the bulls. However, it may react negatively to the macros that were released on Friday post market hours.
In what came as a double whammy for the economy, retail inflation slowed only marginally coming in at 7.8 percent for August thanks to a spike in food prices. Growth too is crawling with the industrial production in July growing by a mere 0.5 percent.
What may pull the Nifty lower today is the US market’s ending lower on Friday as investors turned cautious ahead of the Federal Reserve meeting that will start on Tuesday and the Scottish referendum on Thursday.
Asian markets are in the red over weak Chinese data- August industrial output rose 6.9 percent on year, its slowest pace since 2008, while fixed-asset investment and retail sales both missed forecasts. However, overall trading volumes are light with Japan being closed for a holiday. er the weekend, china released a raft of data that raised concerns about a weakening economy.
The European markets ended the week on a mixed note with the British FTSE and the French CAC ending just barely in the green. The German DAX was down about half a percent.
In other asset classes, the big news continues to be the slide of Brent Crude prices. Brent has now slipped below the USD 97 dollars per barrel mark pressured by a strong dollar, weak demand and ample supplies. The oil is its weakest in two years.
The dollar, meanwhile, is flat against the yen, near a six-year peak. The euro is also steady at 1.29 to the dollar.
However, no relief seems to be in place for gold either in the commodity space. It has dropped to fresh eight-month lows on fears that the Fed may signal an early interest rate hike at this week's policy meeting, while the strength in the dollar and weak physical demand also weighed on bullion.
RELATED NEWS

Small towns now fuel e-tailers Flipkart  Myntra  Jabong justBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

 Asian Shares Fall on Weak China DataHong Kong: Asian markets retreated on Monday, led by Hong Kong after data at the weekend showed Chinese industrial output expanded in August at its slowest rate since the global financial crisis.
Asian Shares Fall on Weak China Data
The pound edged lower as investors grow jittery about Thursday's knife-edge Scottish independence referendum, which could see the country break away from the United Kingdom.
Hong Kong slipped 0.76 per cent and Shanghai eased 0.18 per cent, Sydney lost 0.63 per cent and Seoul was 0.32 per cent lower.
Tokyo was closed for a public holiday.
Beijing said Saturday that industrial production grew 6.9 per cent last month, its weakest rate since December 2008.
The key indicator slumped from 9.0 per cent growth in July and was also well short of the 8.7 per cent median increase in a survey of 15 economists by The Wall Street Journal.
The figures add to worries about the world's number two economy -- a key driver of world commerce -- following recent indicators suggesting growth is weakening even after limited stimulus measures.
"The (government's) 7.5 per cent (economic) growth target for 2014 is now clearly challenged," Royal Bank of Scotland said, according to Dow Jones Newswires.
In foreign exchange markets the dollar consolidated its recent gains against the yen after solid reports on US retail sales and consumer confidence added to expectations the Fed will tighten monetary policy as the economy picks up.
However on Wall Street the Dow slipped 0.36 per cent, the S&P 500 fell 0.60 per cent and the Nasdaq eased 0.53 per cent. The central bank holds its next policy meeting this week.
In early Singapore trade, the dollar was at 107.24 yen, down from 107.31 yen in New York Friday but still at levels not seen since September 2008.
The euro fetched $1.2963, against $1.2964 Friday, while it was also at 139.08 yen, compared with 139.18 yen.
The pound bought $1.6244, down from $1.6264 after conflicting opinion polls showed the "Yes" and "No" campaigns in front days before Thursday's referendum.
There are fears about the likely effects of Scottish independence on the British economy and the uncertainty that would cause, including pension to funds and the debt market.
Stephen Walters, chief economist at JP Morgan, Australia, said: "Uncertainty will be with us for the next couple of years as the terms of the separation are negotiated."
He added that it was still unclear how separation would be carried out, including the monetary regime, the division of assets and liabilities, and Scotland's EU membership.
"Should it pass, uncertainty would depress growth in the UK for a number of quarters, delay the beginning of monetary policy normalisation, and depress asset prices including the currency," he added.
Oil prices sank. US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for October delivery eased $1.06 to $91.21, while Brent crude for October fell 63 cents to $96.48 in mid-morning trade.
Gold was at $1,232.24 an ounce, against $1,237.10 late Friday.
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 08:44 (IST)

Tayo Rolls: Outcome of board meetingSep 15, 2014, 08.31 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tayo Rolls: Outcome of board meeting
Tayo Rolls Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 13, 2014 have allotted 5,00,000 (five lakhs) 8.50% non-cumulative Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 100/- (Rupees one hundred only) each to Tata Steel Ltd on Preferential basis.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tayo Rolls: Outcome of board meeting
Tayo Rolls Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 13, 2014 have allotted 5,00,000 (five lakhs) 8.50% non-cumulative Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 100/- (Rupees one hundred only) each to Tata Steel Ltd on Preferential basis.
Post your opinion here
 
Tayo Rolls Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 13, 2014 have allotted 5,00,000 (five lakhs) 8.50% non-cumulative Redeemable Preference Shares of Rs. 100/- (Rupees one hundred only) each to Tata Steel Ltd on Preferential basis.Source : BSE

Virat Industries: Outcome of AGMSep 15, 2014, 08.31 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Virat Industries: Outcome of AGM
Virat Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 24th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 11, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Virat Industries: Outcome of AGM
Virat Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 24th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 11, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Virat Industries Ltd has informed BSE that the 24th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 11, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Aroni Commercials: Outcome of AGMSep 15, 2014, 08.31 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Aroni Commercials: Outcome of AGM
Aroni Commercials Ltd has informed BSE that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 13, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Aroni Commercials: Outcome of AGM
Aroni Commercials Ltd has informed BSE that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 13, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Aroni Commercials Ltd has informed BSE that the 29th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 13, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

PSUs must have 25% minimum public shareholding in 3 years: Sebipsus must have 25% minimum public shareholding in 3 years: sebi
The roots of workplace gender bias1
By conducting five different studies, approaching the issue from different angles, the authors found that men married to women who are not employed tend to: "(a) view the presence of women in the workplace unfavorably, (b) perceive that organizations with higher numbers of female employees are operating less smoothly, (c) perceive organizations with female leaders as relatively unattractive, and (d) deny qualified female employees opportunities for promotions more frequently than do other married male employees."
Sreedhari Desai, one of the study's authors and an assistant professor of organizational behavior at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill's Kenan-Flagler Business School, said the results surprised her.
"I had seen gender discrimination and certain attitudes growing up in India, but I honestly didn't expect to find that here in the U.S.," Desai said. "I always thought of the U.S. as a place that is progressive and where women are treated the same as men. I had to recheck the numbers at first and say, 'Oh, wow, this really does exist.'"
The implication of this study is not that men whose wives don't work are ogres. Not in the least.
"I think often these kind of biases lurk in a nonconscious way," Desai said. "People might not be aware that they are at play. I think most of these men are very nice fathers and husbands and they just aren't aware of the attitudes that they have about men being leaders and providers."
Most humans' initial reaction to a charge like this is: "I DO NOT!!" But it's folly, I believe, for any of us to think we're incapable of harboring biases, be they based on race, gender, sexuality or anything else.
Based on my life experiences, I might think guys who wear baseball hats backward are dumb jocks. So if I see a co-worker wearing a baseball hat backward on casual Friday, might I unconsciously think less of that person? It's certainly possible.
The researchers used different study methods and different samples and found a consistent pattern of results, lending credence to their findings.
I asked Desai to provide a percentage breakdown of responses when married men were asked whether men alone should be responsible for providing household income:
•29 percent of men in marriages where both spouses work full time said yes;
•37.3 percent of men in marriages where the wife is working part time said yes;
•57.1 percent of men in marriages where the wife does not work said yes.
It's not hard to see how the belief that men should be the breadwinners might impact how a male boss or manager hires or promotes women.
"The policies are set for the most part by those at the top," Desai said. "So first of all, executives tend to be male, predominantly, and of these a large percentage have stay-at-home wives."
So let's say you're a working human of the male variety. Regardless of whether your spouse works or stays at home, it doesn't seem unreasonable to:
A) Acknowledge that no matter how pro-equality and fair you think you are, your subconscious is capable of skewing the way you view female colleagues.
B) Pause to make sure the decisions you're making — if they impact a female co-worker — aren't unfairly influenced by your own life experiences.
The study recommends that companies "establish responsibility for diversity," something most companies have done to one degree or another. That includes creating diversity committees or task forces, being accountable for diversity goals and promoting "an awareness of where subtle prejudices and negative stereotypes may lie."
But I prefer to see individuals being aware of their own potential flaws.
Desai said: "Any time you're on a recruiting committee and you have to decide who the incumbent should be, it would be helpful to say, 'Am I leaning a certain way because of gender issues? Am I giving proper attention to all sides? Am I making assumptions about the female candidate thinking maybe she'd prefer a less demanding job?' Just trying to ask yourself these things would be helpful."
In the pursuit of true gender equity, this is an easy and reasonable step all men can take. None of us, after all, is Superman. We are human, flaws and all.

Difficult to do business in India; telecom is in a mess: Vodafone India CEOPrint
ENS Economic Bureau | New Delhi | Posted: September 12, 2014 2:42 am
Multi-national firms operating in India are still waiting for ‘acche din’ with Vodafone India CEO and managing director Marten Pieters on Thursday noting that it is difficult to do business in the country and urging the government to work quickly on addressing challenges.
“Telecom is a mess in India … and it seems to come from this concept which have been developed in the past — the more competition the better,” he said at the Economist India Summit. “…it is difficult to do business in India, that’s the general perception I think of foreign companies and that is not just in telecom,” Pieters said.
“The process for doing business in India can be made much easier, much smoother by just removing a few things,” he stressed. Vodafone is the second largest telecom company in the world.
His sentiment was also shared by Sashi Mukundan, regional president and head of country (India), BP Group, who expressed frustration at the gas price deadlock. “We have had to hold on to $4 billion of investments due to price uncertainty. We are looking forward to the report on September 30,” he said at a discussion on “What business needs: Foreign companies speak.”
Pieters also blamed the government for hoarding spectrum while investing too little in telecom infrastructure. Spectrum, which is our raw material is limited … most companies have a quarter of the spectrum that normal operators have in other countries,” he said. Noting that though the industry structure is the government’s responsibility, he said, “I see very little action to take this responsibility.”
The Vodafone India CEO said his company that has been waiting for a clearance from the Authority for Advance Rulings before bringing in funds from the parent company to buy airwaves but the clearance is still awaited.
“We filed an application in December last year but have received no answer till now,” he said, stressing that the government needs to do its job. “I have no answer, I got to know last week that the officer dealing with the file has retired,” he said.
Pieters also raised the issue of the new Companies’ Act. “We have very good independent directors. But under the new law, we can’t pay them (beyond a certain level) as we are a loss making company. So what do we do?”
He, however, admitted that it is too early to judge the new government within its first 100 days. “Let’s judge them after 12-18 months,” he said.
Addressing the session, Cai Liqun, chief executive officer, Huawei Telecommunications (India) also said that the new government must work hard to motivate the industry.
Banmali Agrawala, president and CEO (South Asia), General Electric also agreed and said that the government must restore its credibility and move away from focussing on just one individual.

India s love affair with gold may be over  as prices of yellow metal slideBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Hewlett-Packard fined $58.7 million for bribery of Russian governmentPrint
Associated Press | San Francisco | Posted: September 12, 2014 11:26 am
Hewlett-Packard Co. pleaded guilty Thursday to felony charges that former employees bribed Russian government officials for a contract, and the company has been fined $58.7 million.
Hewlett-Packard’s Russian subsidiary admitted violating the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in a Northern California court Thursday, the U.S. Department of Justice said in a statement.
The U.S. alleged that the HP division paid $2 million to retain a technology contract with Russian prosecutors.
”In a brazen violation of the FCPA, Hewlett-Packard’s Russia subsidiary used millions of dollars in bribes from a secret slush fund to secure a lucrative government contract,” said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Marshall L. Miller. ”Even more troubling was that the government contract up for sale was with Russia’s top prosecutor’s office.”
The plea and sentence are part of a larger agreement reached in April with the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission. HP agreed to pay a total of $108 million in criminal and civil penalties for bribing officials in Russia, Mexico and Poland.
Representatives of the Palo Alto, California, company did not immediately reply to after-hours phone and email messages seeking comment.
HP’s general counsel, John Schultz, said when the settlement was reached in April that the misconduct was limited to a small number of people who are no longer with the company.

Sensex regains 27 000 ahead of economic dataMarket update: Sensex regains 27,000, Nifty ends above 8,100 ahead of eco data
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 17:14 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Snapping a three-day losing trend, the benchmark Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) Sensex on Friday rose 65 points to reclaim the 27,000-level and the broader Nifty gained 20 points to end above the 8,100-mark led by jump in shares of Cipla, ITC, HDFC ahead of industrial output and retail inflation data releases.
The 30-share BSE index resumed higher and moved side-ways in a range of over 100 points before ending at 27,061.04 - a rise of 65.17 points (or 0.24 per cent). It had lost almost 324 points in previous three sessions on caution due to worries over early rate hikes by US Federal Reserve, among others.
On a weekly basis, the BSE Sensex logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up 34.30 points.
The 50-share National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty reclaimed the 8,100-mark by recovering 19.80 points (or 0.24 per cent) to end at 8,105.50.
It had shed over 88 points in previous three days.
On a weekly basis, Nifty also logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up nearly 19 points.
The government is scheduled to release Industrial Production (IIP) data for July and inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for August 2014 at around 5:30 pm.
The rebound in benchmark indices was led by Cipla, Bharti Airtel, M&M, HDFC, HDFC Bank, HUL, ITC, SBI, Sesa Sterlite and TCS. Overall, 16 counters gained in the 30-scrip index.
Laggards included Hindalco, Sun Pharma, RIL, NTPC, L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank, CIL, Dr Reddy, BHEL and Tata Power.
Sectorally, the BSE Healthare Index gained the most by rising 0.74 per cent, followed by Consumer Durables index (0.72 per cent), Auto index (0.64 per cent), FMCG index (0.54 per cent) and Banking index (0.29 per cent).
Small-cap and mid-caps continued their upward journey. The BSE Midcap index gained 0.20 per cent and Smallcap index rose 0.50 per cent on sustained retail investor interest.
Meanwhile, Snowman Logistics made a stellar debut on the NSE with shares surging nearly 70 per cent.
Globally, Asian indices ended mixed. Europe barometers opened up ahead of a meeting of euro-area finance ministers.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 433.55 crore on Thursday, as per provisional data.

Tata Steel plant blamed for dengue cases in OdishaTata Steel plant blamed for hundreds of dengue cases in Odisha
Jatindra Dash     Bhubaneswar   Last Updated: September 13, 2014  | 18:09 IST
Photo:  Reuters
Stagnant water pools and unsanitary conditions in a plant being constructed by Tata Steel Ltd in Odisha led to a dengue fever outbreak which infected more than 280 workers, killing one of them, a government official said on Friday.
Tata Steel , a unit of Tata conglomerate, is building a six-million-tonne-capacity plant in Jajpur district that is due to be completed by 2015.
Jajpur district's chief health official said the environment within the 1,700-acre building site was unclean, creating a breeding ground for mosquitoes which spread the virus.
"One death and 284 cases are linked to the Tata plant," Debendra Kumar Jena told the Thomson Reuters Foundation, adding that the outbreak began in July.
Dengue is common in India and cases generally peak in October, a peak time for mosquitoes to breed after the end of the monsoon rains.
The virus, which occurs mainly in the tropics, causes symptoms such as fever, severe headache, joint and muscular pains, vomiting and rashes.
Tata Steel said in a statement it had dispatched 19 teams to clean up the site and raise awareness among employees about how to protect themselves from dengue, malaria and other mosquito-borne diseases.
"Dengue is a problem at this time of the year. There are 40,000 people working on the Kalinga Nagar site. I am sorry to hear some people have contracted dengue. We are doing all that required from our side," T.V. Narendran, managing director of Tata Steel India, told local television.
(Thomson Reuters Foundation)

Kingfisher loan default only a trickle: Vinod RaiHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Kingfisher loan default only a trickle: Vinod Rai
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 14:  
As industrialist Vijay Mallya fights his wilful defaulter tag, former CAG Vinod Rai has said Kingfisher Airlines’ loan default is just a “trickle” and the overall problem of huge bad loans at public sector banks can be blamed on ‘cronies’ using connections to borrow money.
Rai, who was the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) during 2008-2013, has also stressed the need to understand the trend of non-performing assets of private sector banks being very low in comparison to that of public sector lenders.
Observing that cronies have neither the domain knowledge nor the financial strength to deliver, Rai in his new book has said that they use their connections to borrow from the banking sector, especially from public sector lenders that are prone to manipulation.
“This is the underlying reason for non-performing assets (NPAs) of public sector banks going up manifold,” he has written in the book titled ‘The Dairy of the Nation’s Conscience Keeper — Not Just An Accountant’
“Stories of Kingfisher Airlines and Bhushan Steel are only now emerging in trickles. The amount that has gone into corporate debt restructuring is another story; it contains all the marquee names,” he said.
On September 1, state-owned UBI declared Kingfisher Airlines, its promoter Vijay Mallya and three other directors wilful defaulters. Kingfisher owes about Rs 7,000 crore to 17-banks consortium, led by State Bank of India.
Last month, a consortium of banks ordered a forensic audit into the books of account of cash-starved Bhushan Steel, which has total exposure of about Rs 40,000 crore to lenders.
The move came close on the heels of the arrest of Bhushan Steel Vice Chairman and Managing Director Neeraj Singal by the CBI in an alleged cash for loan scam involving Syndicate Bank Chairman SK Jain.
According to Rai, the Reserve Bank of India data showed that gross NPAs of public sector banks increasing to 3.61 per cent, which by all standards marked unprecedented high levels in 2013.
“Even if we were to accept the argument that these banks had to advance money in difficult times, why is it that the NPA of private sector bank is only half this percentage? It does not require much analysis to ascertain the reasons,” he noted.
Further, the former CAG has raised concerns about the appointment process at public sector bank boards.
“Many of those who bemoan the malfeasance that has crept into appointment processes, are aware of the names of the nominee government directors on public sector bank boards, and the absence of ‘fit and proper’ criteria for their nomination.
“However, few take steps to correct the situation. Somewhere, someone will have to take the bull by the horns. The process cannot be delayed by even a day,” Rai said.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

UK s Cameron calls emergency meeting after killingFile-This Oct. 11, 2013, file photo shows British Prime Minister David Cameron speaking during an investment conference in Belfast, Northern Ireland. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | London | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:26 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 2:32 pm
Prime Minister David Cameron is summoning military and security chiefs for an emergency meeting Sunday in response to the beheading of a British hostage and a threat against another.
The meeting comes after Islamic extremists released a video showing the beheading of British aid worker David Haines and threatening another with death.
READ: Obama condemns “barbaric murder” of British aid worker by IS 
Mike Haines, the victim’s brother, said David Haines had been murdered “in cold blood.” Britain’s Foreign and Commonwealth Office said it saw no reason to doubt the authenticity of the video.
Haines is the third Westerner beheaded in recent weeks by the Islamic State group, which has seized vast swaths of territory in Syria and Iraq. The first two were U.S. journalists.
Islamic State extremists had threatened Haines’ life in an earlier video released nearly two weeks ago.
The 44-year-old aid worker’s family had issued a plea to his captors the day before the latest beheading video was released. They urged the hostage-takers to contact them. The family said IS had ignored earlier attempts to open communications.
British officials had said they were doing everything possible to protect Haines. An earlier rescue bid led by U.S. forces had failed, however, and it is not clear Western agencies know the precise location of the hostage-takers.
Haines was kidnapped in Syria in March last year when he was working for the charity ACTED to help victims of the fighting there.
After his execution, Haines’ family released a statement praising his passion for charitable work.
Mike Haines said his brother was “most alive and enthusiastic” when involved with humanitarian missions.
“His joy and anticipation for the work he went to do in Syria is for myself and family the most important element of this whole sad affair,” Mike Haines said of his late brother. “He was and is loved by all his family and will be missed terribly.”
President Barack Obama said after the killing that the United States would stand with Britain in an expanded effort against the terror group.
“We will work with the United Kingdom and a broad coalition of nations from the region and around the world to bring the perpetrators of this outrageous act to justice, and to degrade and destroy this threat to the people of our countries, the region and the world,” he said.
France, which is holding an international conference Monday to combat IS, also condemned Haines’ killing.
“The odious assassination of David Haines shows once more the need for the international community to mobilize against the base and cowardly Daesh,” French President Francois Hollande said, using the group’s Arabic acronym.
Some British lawmakers called for Britain to launch air strikes against Islamic State forces after the killing.

HDFC Bank to Send Debit Card PIN via SMSYou are here: Home Corporates
HDFC Bank to Send Debit Card PIN via SMS
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 14, 2014 15:23 (IST)
Fair Trade Regulator Clears Zuari's Open Offer for Mangalore Chemicals Shareholders
New Delhi: As part of its 'go-green' initiative, HDFC Bank has started sending PIN  for debit card holders through SMS instead of the practice of sending it by post.
It is not just environment-friendly but also convenient and saves time of both customers and the bank, HDFC Bank senior vice president and business head (cards payment products) Parag Rao said.
"With the launch of the Green PIN we offer our customers the flexibility to generate a new pin number at a time and location most convenient to them, while simultaneously giving them the opportunity to take a step to save our planet's vital natural resources," he said.
Green PIN is a one-time password or OTP sent to the customer's mobile number registered with bank.
Using the OTP, customers can set debit card PIN at the bank's ATM, Mr Rao said. Customers will get OTP within 48 hours of applying for it.
HDFC Bank has nearly 1.75 crore debit card holders and about 16.5 lakh cards on an average is issued annually by the bank.
This facility is for all states except for Jammu and Kashmir due to restrictions on bulk SMS delivery for the state, he said, adding, the green PIN is one of many 'go green' initiatives of HDFC Bank.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 14:43 (IST)

LIC Investment in Equity Market to Cross Rs 55 000 Crore in FY15You are here: Home Corporates
LIC Investment in Equity Market to Cross Rs 55,000 Crore in FY15
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 14, 2014 17:43 (IST)
Fair Trade Regulator Clears Zuari's Open Offer for Mangalore Chemicals Shareholders
New Delhi: Life Insurance Corporation, India's largest insurer, has lined up over Rs 55,000 crore for investment in the equity market in the current fiscal year (2014-15), a part of which will be used for picking up stakes in PSUs during the disinvestment process.
"We will invest a total of Rs 55,000 crore or even more in the equity market in the current fiscal," LIC chairman S K Roy told PTI.
Asked how much LIC has earmarked for the upcoming disinvestment, he said that Rs 55,000 crore "covers all" types of investment.
LIC had picked up stocks worth Rs 51,000 crore last fiscal year and investments were made across sectors.
The public sector insurer has been a key investor in the disinvestment programme of the government.
The government recently gave go ahead to disinvestment of its part stakes in ONGC, Coal India Ltd (CIL) and NHPC, which together may earn Rs 43,000 crore to the exchequer. It is also planning to sell 5 per cent stake in SAIL and 10 per cent each in RINL and HAL in FY15.
Mr Roy also informed LIC investment in the bond market may touch Rs 2.5 lakh crore in the fiscal ending March 2015. In FY15, the life insurer has raised its stakes in many public sector banks including United Bank of India, Central Bank of India and Bank of Maharashtra by picking up preferential shares.
Some more banks would make preferential allotment to LIC during course of the year.
During the first quarter ended June, LIC earned a total premium of Rs 14,016 crore, lower than Rs 14,295 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
With a 75 per cent market share, LIC collected Rs 41,441 crore from individual premiums and Rs 48,682 crore in group premiums, aggregating to a total of Rs 90,124 crore.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 17:36 (IST)

Cash is not king when it comes to dealsSeptember 14, 2014 2:18 pm
Cash is not king when it comes to acquisitions
By Sarah Gordon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/765d35ee-3989-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Jayalalithaa charges BJP with double standards on fishermen issueUpdated: September 15, 2014 01:22 IST
Jayalalithaa charges BJP with double standards on fishermen issue
J. Praveen Paul Joseph
The Hindu Tamil Nadu Chief Minister and AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa campaigns for her party’s mayoral candidate A.P.R. Anthony Gracy in Tuticorin on Sunday. Photo: N. Rajesh
TOPICS
political development
Says voting for the BJP will not benefit the people of Tamil Nadu.
Chief Minister and AIADMK general secretary Jayalalithaa on Sunday accused the BJP of adopting a double standard on the fishermen issue and urged the people not to vote for it as this would not benefit the State.
Campaigning for A.P.R. Anthony Grace, AIADMK’s mayoral candidate in Tuticorin for the September 18 by-elections, she said the AIADMK was the only party to safeguard the interests of the people of the State.
The BJP, she said, would adopt a double standard, with one view in New Delhi and another in Tamil Nadu. “The Tamil Nadu fishermen are often tortured by the Sri Lankan Navy and their boats seized,” she said.
Ms. Jayalalithaa said she had met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and wrote him several letters, pressing for measures to secure the release of the fishermen. “It was only because of the efforts of the AIADMK government that the arrested fishermen were released,” she said.
While the BJP was claiming that a permanent solution should be found to the problems of the fishermen, a senior leader of the party was acting against their interests, she said, apparently referring to Subramanian Swamy. “In fact, the senior leader was proud of his role in preventing the release of boats seized by the Sri Lankan Navy. But the BJP’s State unit did not condemn such an attitude, and the Centre, too, maintained silence despite growing condemnation from many,” she said.
The AIADMK was the only party that was committed to the welfare of the people. The people were being burdened with the increase in the prices of commodities brought on by the flawed policies of the Centre. To help the poor bear with the problem, the State launched welfare schemes.

SPX: SMALL PRESS EXPO: And your 2014 Ignatz Award winners areBy Michael Cavna September 14 Follow @comicriffs
 
SOME MULTI-DAY comics conventions seem to breed fatigue, like a lean-in, shoulder-to-shoulder war of artist-alley attrition and sketchy nutrition. The marathon demands second and third winds. You come, you see, you’re conquered.
Small Press Expo , on the other hand, refuses to be so grueling. It’s the party guest that shows up promptly with a platter of homemade fare, tells a bunch of fresh and genuinely entertaining stories, delivers a brilliant toast — and then hits the door before anyone has time to ever tire of its company. Which is partly why we welcome it back so warmly each year.
And on Saturday night, the party had a few extra rounds of fun. After the first day’s programming and exhibiting, there was even a “wedding” (congrats, Simon Hanselmann, the Ignatz nominee whose blushing new bride is “comics”), a brass band and a prom. But mostly, as always, there were the esteemed Ignatz Awards — the Herriman “bricks” that get tossed to top indie talent — as guided by show host James Sturm, who’d deftly moderated a stellar alt-weekly panel earlier in the day.
Among the honored were multiple nominees Sophie Goldstein and Jason Shiga.
The Ignatz, named for George Herriman’s famed “Krazy Kat” character, honors “excellence in independent comics.” The ballot is created by five cartoonists — this year’s jurors were Darryl Ayo, Austin English, Melissa Mendes, Thien Pham and Whit Taylor — and voted on by Saturday’s attendees. (SPX: Small Press Expo continues Sunday at the North Bethesda Marriott convention center in suburban Washington.)
(Disclosure: The Ignatz Awards ceremony is sponsored by  comixology , which is  newly owned by Amazon ; Amazon founder Jeff Bezos owns The Washington Post. The corporate ties, they abound. [For more, here's a link .])
Here are this year’s Ignatz winners (in BOLD):
Outstanding Artist
Kim Deitch — The Amazing, Enlightening and Absolutely True Adventures of Katherine Whaley
Sophie Goldstein — Darwin Carmichael Is Going to Hell; Edna II; House of Women
Ed Piskor — Hip Hop Family Tree (Vol. 1)
Jesse Reklaw — Coach Tag
Amazing Facts and Beyond, by Kevin Huizenga and Dan Zettwoch
The End, by Anders Nilsen
Eye of the Majestic Creature (Vol. 2), by Leslie Stein
>QU33R, edited by Robert Kirby
Sock Monkey Treasury, by Tony Millionaire
Outstanding Graphic Novel
The Amazing, Enlightening and Absolutely
True Adventures of Katherine Whaley, by Kim Deitch
The Boxer, Reinhard Kleist
Boxers & Saints, by Gene Luen Yang
>This One Summer, by Jillian Tamaki and Mariko Tamaki
War of Streets and Houses, Sophie Yanow
Outstanding Story
>“Brownout Biscuit” (from Octopus Pie): Dead Forever, by Meredith Gran
“Destination X,” by Jon Martz
“The Grassy Knoll,” by Nick Drnaso
“Jobs,” Life Zone, by Simon Hanselmann
“Mom,” Viewotron #2, by Sam Sharpe
Promising New Talent
>Cathy G. Johnson – Jeremiah; Boy Genius; Until It Runs Clear
Nick Offerman — Orange; Onions
Keiler Roberts — Powdered Milk (series)
Daryl Seitchik — Missy
The Black Feather Falls, Ellen Lindner
>Demon, by Jason Shiga
Powdered Milk, by Keiler Roberts
Sky in Stereo, by Sacha Mardou
Towerkind, by Kat Verhoeven
Blammo #8, by Noah Van Sciver
Cosplayers, by Dash Shaw
It Will All Hurt #2, by Farel Dalrymple
Misliving Amended, by Adam Buttrick
>Wicked Chicken Queen, by Sam Alden
Outstanding Minicomic
The Grassy Knoll, by Nick Drnaso
>House of Women, by Sophie Goldstein
Never Forgets, by Yumi Sakugawa
Test Tube #1, by Carlos Gonzales
Up to the Top, by Ian Sampson
Outstanding Online Comic
Band for Life, Anya Davidson
Big Dogs at Nite, Dane Martin
Demon, Jason Shiga

Its time we reject the idea that beating our kids is part of black cultureIt’s time we reject the idea that beating our kids is part of black culture
Written by
Khadijah Costley White Assistant Professor, Rutgers University
September 14, 2014
Let's take violence off discipline and masculinity.Reuters/Jeff Haynes
SHARE
Khadijah Costley White Assistant Professor, Rutgers University
September 14, 2014
The news of NFL player Adrian Peterson’s arrest for child abuse came on the heels of a week focused on an act of domestic violence from another black football player . Some of his colleagues rushed to defend Peterson and suggest his charges were yet another example of our society’s widespread and unfair demonization of black men. “[Peterson] can’t play Sunday for disciplining his child[.] Jesus help us” tweeted fellow NFL player Roddy White. And running back Mark Ingram chimed in, arguing that his parents gave him “more whoopins” than he can count because “they just wanted [him] to be the best human possible”.
To be sure, the prevalent use of corporal punishment among African-Americans is no secret . Some scholars have argued that beating children in the black community serves as some sort of traumatic reenactment of the brutal violence experienced during slavery, a remnant of centuries-old barbarity.
But let’s be clear. Black people are not the only ones who use corporal punishment when it comes to disciplining their children. About 80% of white and Hispanic parents admit that they spank their kids, too. Lots of Christians defend it as a religious practice and in 19 states it’s still legal for teachers and staff to punish children with spankings at school.
So, when a black man gets arrested for an act that is still ambivalently upheld by our country’s legal and moral codes, more than a few hackles are raised about the role race might be playing.
For some folks, the very act of questioning black parenting triggers concerns about racism. And for good reason. The absolute devastation of the black family during slavery shaped the very definition of freedom around the ability to raise one’s own children. But even after slavery ended, black parents continued to experience extensive governmental surveillance, critique, and intervention in their homes. Even today, a black woman is much more likely (than a white woman under the same conditions) to be investigated for child abuse and have her children removed. And her children are likely to stay in foster care for much longer.
Criticism of black fathers is an even touchier subject. Whether it’s the rhetoric of our own black-father-in-chief President Obama, infamous government studies about the failures of black mothers, or general commentary in the mainstream press , it seems like everyone thinks that fatherhood is the cure to all that ails black Americans. These folks argue that without men, children lack discipline, stability, and proper guidance. And, historically, many black men challenging racial constraints were taken from their homes through acts of white terrorism and murder. As a result, attacks on black fathers is not only seen as attack on black families, but also an assault on black progress. This is even more true when it comes to criticizing a professional athlete like Adrian Peterson, who so clearly embodies our ideals of black masculinity, strength, and success.
As the comments of some of Peterson’s fellow players show, there are even those in the black community who make a larger cultural argument that the strict punishment of black children is a necessary evil. Physical discipline at the hands of a loved one is seen as preferable to the always-looming life-and-death threat of white supremacist violence. Renisha McBride, Trayvon Martin, Mike Brown, Donald Maiden, Jr., Darius Simmons, and others function as cautionary tales for many black parents, reminding them that being a Black child in America is a dangerous enterprise. The severity of their beatings warns black children that they can’t afford to mess up. And the anger, fury, and pain of heavy hands convey their parents’ profound fear.
But these are all hollow excuses and cultural pretense when it comes to discussing what happened to a little boy at Adrian Peterson’s hands a few months ago. The truth of the matter is that Adrian Peterson beat his 4-year-old son so badly that he had bruises on his scrotum. His son reported that before Peterson struck him repeatedly with a stick, he stuffed his mouth with leaves and pulled down his pants. This was how Adrian Peterson aimed to teach his son how to share. But in truth, it was a lesson in patriarchy—that a man’s power comes from the control and degradation of weaker others.
Over 1,500 children died from abuse and neglect in 2012  alone, most of them younger than four. So, all of those folks upholding Peterson as a symbol of black male oppression or denigration need to take a step back. The bruises on that little boy’s body are not symbolic. His fear and trauma are not due to some grand media conspiracy. And hiding and rationalizing violence against weak and helpless people represents the very worst of humankind. The black community is more than black men; violence is not love. And if you think the media coverage of men like Ray Rice or Adrian Peterson make black people look bad, then just think what it looks like when you defend and justify their abuse.
Follow Khadijah on Twitter @khadastrophic . We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:
Top News

FIIs need RBI nod to buy YES Bank sharesFIIs need RBI nod to buy YES Bank shares
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, September 14:  
YES Bank’s equity share purchase by foreign investors will be allowed only after obtaining the RBI approval as it had reached the trigger limit, the central bank notified on Friday.
“The Reserve Bank of India has notified that the foreign shareholding through Foreign Institutional Investors (FIIs)/Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs)/Non Resident Indian (NRI)/ Persons of Indian Origin (PIO)/ Foreign Direct Investment (FDI)/American Depository Receipt (ADR)/Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) in YES Bank Ltd has reached the trigger limit.
FIIs held 45.04 per cent shares in YES Bank as of quarter ended June 2014, according to BSE data.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

LIC Housing to cut funding costLIC Housing to cut funding cost
Our Bureau
Tweet
Chennai, September 14:  
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is keen on reducing its funding cost by going in for NCDs (non-convertible debentures) rather than bank borrowings. “Last year, we brought down our bank borrowings from 29 per cent to 25 per cent, which is expected to improve our net interest margin from the present 2.18 per cent to 2.25 per cent next year,” said Sunita Sharma, Managing Director and CEO, LIC Housing Finance Ltd. She was here to inaugurate the 17th edition of annual property expo. Attributing the growth to increasing demand from the retail segment, she said the company would focus on Loan Against Property ( LAP) generating more business.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Audio

Radhakishen Damani enters Snowman LogisticsJoydeep Ghosh & Sachin Mampatta |  Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 11:55 PM IST
Radhakishen Damani enters Snowman Logistics
One of India's ace investors, Radhakishen Damani, surprised the market on Friday when he bought 2.3 million shares of a cold storage company, Snowman Logistics, on the listing day. The shares were bought by his fund, Derive Investments, according to NSE data on bulk deals. Other big buyers of the stock were Reliance Mutual Fund Tax Saver Fund and Reliance Mutual Fund. With the entry of Damani,  market sources believe the stellar show of the Snowman stock (it closed at 68 per cent premium over it
One of India's ace investors, Radhakishen Damani, surprised the market on Friday when he bought 2.3 million shares of a cold storage company, Snowman Logistics, on the listing day. The shares were bought by his fund, Derive Investments, according to NSE data on bulk deals. Other big buyers of the stock were Reliance Mutual Fund Tax Saver Fund and Reliance Mutual Fund. With the entry of Damani, market sources believe the stellar show of the Snowman stock (it closed at 68 per cent premium over its issue price on Friday) is set to continue.
Balasubramanian set for Amfi vice-chairmanship
A Balasubramanian, CEO of Birla SunLife Mutual Fund, is all set to become the vice-chairman of the Association of Mutual Funds in India (Amfi). This decision will be declared after the Amfi annual general meeting on Monday. Bala, as he is popularly known, made it after a hotly contested selection process with another CEO of a leading mutual fund house. At present, Kotak Mutual Fund's former CEO Sandeep Kirkire is the vice-chairman. He resigned from the fund house in mid-August.
Shadow of an old bull on Dalal St
The bull market has created its own share of winners and losers, but there is one portfolio dating back 20 years which seems to have done exceptionally well. It belongs to one of the most famous bull market names on Dalal Street. The custodian of Harshad Shantilal Mehta, who holds the shares seized following the stock market scam of 1992, has a portfolio worth hundreds of crores, and today figures among the top dozen portfolios, according to exchange data.
Kostak back in action
The return of the initial public offering (IPO) boom has also seen the comeback of Kostak - a word which means paper in Marathi. The term applies to a practice under which retail investors are paid to apply for initial public offerings which are likely to be subscribed many times over, and of which it would be difficult to get shares. The agreement is that an allotment, if it happens, will be for the person paying the investor.
If there is no allotment, the retail investor still gets paid. One recent IPO had investors being offered around Rs 500 for every application of Rs 14,000 - a cool return of 3-5 per cent in a matter of days.
 Advertisements

Will FII inflows start slowingSneha Padiyath & Samie Modak |  Mumbai Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 11:52 PM IST
Will FII inflows start slowing?
They have put in $14 billion so far in 2014 but this could get slower if the US Fed raises rates; however, there are expectations on compensatory flows
Talks of an imminent interest rate increase by the US Federal Reserve have raised concern that foreign investor flows into the Indian market might get slower.  
So far this year, investment by foreign institutional investors (FIIs), a key driver for the stock market rally, has crossed $14 billion, one of the highest among major emerging markets (EMs). The benchmark indices have rallied nearly 30 per cent in 2014.  
Experts say foreign investor flows will have to remain strong for the market rally to sustain. Investors from abroad will have to put another $5 bn to surpass their last year’s tally of $19 bn.  
The Street is concerned that FII flows into India could also be impacted by the tapering in the US Federal Reserve’s stimulus package — termed quantitative easing-3 (QE3). The Fed would meet next week to announce a further tapering in QE3 by $10 billion a month, which would lead to its closure in October. However, the real concern is on an interest rate increase by the Fed, which could see a reversal of flows to the EMs.  Shane Oliver, head strategist of Australia-based AMP Capital, says a greater focus on economic data is unlikely to change the timing of the first rate rise in the June quarter of 2015, which might cause a bit of market volatility.  
“Currently, the Fed states that it anticipates a ‘considerable time’ between the ending of QE and the first rate hike, with this taken to mean six months or more,” he states.  
FIIs had pumped in about $12 billion till August last calendar year. The pace of FII buying had picked up after August, when the Sensex was around 18,000. Since then, the market has rallied about 50 per cent and the Sensex trades above 27,000.  
FII flows into the Indian market this year, like the previous year, have been more than most EM peers, such as South Korea, Taiwan or Indonesia. This could continue in case there is a rollback in US monetary policy, believe analysts.  
“As we move towards expectations of a faster than anticipated normalisation of US monetary policy, we will see an increasing degree of investor discrimination within EMs. A sharp improvement in India’s external vulnerability indicators, a highly credible Reserve Bank of India, a government focused on economic growth and, importantly, an environment of softer global commodity prices should help India differentiate itself from many of its EM peers,” states Abhay Laijawala, managing director and head of research, Deutsche Equities India.  
Even if the flows from the US market get slower, market players are betting investments will come from other regions such as Europe and Japan, where monetary policy continues to remain loose. “Investors from Europe, Japan and now China have expressed interest in investing in India. So, a large amount of money will come into the Indian markets,” said Deven Choksey, managing director, Choksey Securities.  
Also, experts believe domestic institutions, such as mutual funds (MFs) and insurers, will provide support to the market if there is a slowing in foreign flows.  
MFs, flush with investor flows, have pumped Rs 15,000 crore into the Indian market since the new government came to power in May. This is in contrast to last year, when MFs had sold shares worth Rs 20,000 crore; they have been net investors so far in 2014, to the tune of Rs 4,500 crore.
 Advertisements

Europes titans hold on to their cashSeptember 14, 2014 5:09 pm
Europe’s titans hold on to their cash
By Sarah Gordon, Europe business editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d8209eda-3905-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India Inc steps up to help J&K flood victimsBS Reporters |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
India Inc steps up to help J&K flood victims
Indian companies have stepped in to help Jammu & Kashmir flood victims by giving cash and helping re-build houses damaged by the worst floods in the valley in 50 years.
Many chief executives said they were talking to people at the top level in their organisations to find how their companies can help the flood victims.
Adi Godrej, chairman, Godrej Group, said: "Employees of all our group companies will be offering a day's salary, which will then be matched by the respective company. We always do this when there is a natural calamity and as a responsible corporate citizen, this is something that we believe we must do." Separately, Godrej Foundation is also offering its help to the flood victims through the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII).
Anand Mahindra, chairman, Mahindra Group, announced a donation of Rs 2 crore to the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund to aid the ongoing disaster relief operations in the flood-ravaged state. "Mahindra Group shares the distress and concern of the prime minister and the people of India over the tragedy that has befallen the people of Jammu & Kashmir. This donation is our contribution to the state to help it overcome this terrible catastrophe," Mahindra said.
Besides, Mahindra Consulting Engineers, part of the Mahindra Group, would in consultation with the state government, undertake the development of an eco-friendly village cluster with multi-disaster resistant dwelling units, community centre and associated site services comprising roads, water supply, sewerage, solid waste management, power supply and other site infrastructure facilities. The plan could also incorporate income restoration during the rehabilitation period, for the victims of the proposed village, through employment creation in construction activities, and other programmes.
Harsh Mariwala, chairman of Marico, said both the CII and Ficci were galvanising support from companies to aid the relief and rehabilitation efforts. "It is a good move and we will also support this endeavour. I will be speaking to the managing director of the company on this," he said.
Also, wireless telephone companies are setting up booths to help flood victims make calls to their relatives. BSNL, Airtel, Vodafone and Reliance Communications (RCom) are offering free calling facilities for a limited period.
"Starting yesterday (Saturday), free calling facility for 60 minutes a day has been extended to all Airtel customers in Kashmir for the next five days, enabling them to reach out to their loved ones," Airtel said in a statement on Septmeber 12.
The Indian corporate sector has a good track record in helping victims of natural calamities in India. In the past, many food and dairy companies have donated their products to the victims.
 Advertisements

Rajasthan Assembly to push land Bill todayNitin Sethi & Sahil Makkar |  New Delhi Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
Rajasthan Assembly to push land Bill today
Special session called to clear state Bill with sweeping powers for govt; National Judicial Appointments Commission Act also on agenda
A special session of the Rajasthan legislative Assembly has been called on Monday to pass the new Rajasthan Land Acquisition Bill and to endorse the National Judicial Appointments Commission Act.
It will become the first state to ratify the central Bill on the judiciary and to legislate its own land law, superseding the central one. Also, it expects to receive a presidential nod for the new and less stiff state labour laws by the end of this month.
The land Bill, aiming to fast-pace investments in the state, will override the provisions of the central land law passed by the earlier government in Delhi, in 2013. And, many of the provisions hark back to the 1894-vintage Land Acquisition Act, providing greater latitude and discretion to the government. The Bill has taken not only ideas but entire chapters from the 1894 law.
The most blatant case of a copy-paste job is Chapter IX of the new Bill. It's meant to aid the acquisition of lands for private companies. The clause reads, the government shall not acquire land for a company until, "the purpose of the acquisition is to obtain land for the erection of dwelling houses for workmen employed by the company or for the provision of amenities directly connected therewith". It's an exact lift from the Land Acquisition Act of 1894.
So, in fact, is the rest of the entire chapter, clause by clause. The second out of three reasons for reasons why the state can intervene in favour of a company is, "that such acquisition is needed for the construction of some work, which is likely to prove useful to the public". In the old law, this was clause 40(b) of its Chapter 7.
"Yes, it's a copy-paste job. And, we are proud of it," a senior government official told Business Standard. "Since 1894, it has gone through at least a dozen changes and we have taken the latest amended version as the template. Yes, we were in a hurry, as we want to speed up investments in the state."
Yet, the lifting of provisions from the previous law has been done to such an absurdity that it militates against other clauses of the Bill which support acquisition for private projects and for public-private partnerships (PPPs).
This consent clause is one of two elements the Bill does pick up from the central land law of 2013, from its Section 2, which requires consent of 80 per cent of the affected people for private companies and the consent of 60 per cent for PPP projects. But then it makes an exception for all projects that can be called infrastructure ones. Twenty-five different types of projects are defined as "infrastructure projects". These include the usual suspects - road, power lines, highways, water supply and telecommunication lines. And then includes schools, colleges, hospitals, housing projects, sports and tourism projects, industrial parks and special economic zones. The 25th category is left open-ended, for the state government to preclude the consent clause from any other project it classifies as infrastructure at a later stage, at its discretion.
The Rajasthan Bill also copies provisions to act against people "obstructing acquisition of land", making it punishable by up to six months imprisonment or a fine up to Rs 3 lakh. Far more draconian compared to the central law repealed in 2013, which provided for a month of imprisonment or a fine of Rs 500. The language of the provision is a rip-off from section 46 of the repealed legislation.
The senior state official, responding to queries on this, said: "This power we are deriving from the Criminal Procedure Code, which allows us to act against any individual who prevents a public servant from carrying out his duties."
The Rajasthan law also does away with the need for a social impact assessment and other processes that the state government assesses will save it 18 months on average in acquiring land as compared to the new central one. It also has a relatively whittled compensation and rehabilitation and resettlement package (R&R). The R&R is pinned at a tenth of the calculated compensation amount if the land is acquired for irrigation or protection of forests. It will be 30 per cent for all other projects, with the state government not obliged to keep people close to the original inhabitations. That has been left to the state's discretion.
 Advertisements

Police: 6 Hurt in Shooting Outside Alaska BarPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Nifty seen opening lower; may retest 8050 levelsPre-market: Nifty seen opening lower; may retest 8050 levels
By Kshitij Anand, ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 15 Sep, 2014, 07.34AM IST
0
Share More
Tracking the momentum, the Nifty index is expected to retest its crucial psychological level of 8040-8050 in trade today.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The 50-share Nifty index is expected to open lower on Monday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. Tracking the momentum, the index is expected to retest its crucial psychological level of 8040-8050 in trade today.
At 07:30 a.m., Nifty India stock futures in Singapore were trading 54 points lower at 8,080 indicating lower opening on the domestic market.
Indian stock markets witnessed marginal gains for the week ended September 12, 2014 as advances were capped by concerns that FIIs may slow down their purchases.
Retail inflation fell to 7.8 per cent in August from 8.0% in July as a sharp decline in core inflation offset a marginal uptick in inflation of food articles.
While inflation headed down, industrial growth tumbled to 0.5 per cent in July compared to an upwardly revised 3.9 per cent growth in June.
The government will release the inflation data based on the Wholesale Price Index (WPI) for August 2014 at 12 noon on September 15, 2014.
In the immediate term the level of 8040 would continue to serve as an important support for the index. Whether or not this support is respected in next few sessions will decide the future course of action.
"A respect of this support would indicate a bounce back till 8130 - 8150 range. On the higher side 8200 - 8230 may serve as a resistance for the index," GEPL Capital said in a report.
"Whereas if 8040 is breached, then it would be further sign of weakness which may take the Index may down to 8005 - 7980 range. The level of 7920 is the level below which Nifty may face additional selling pressure," added the report.
The index appears highly overstretched on the upside and analysts recommend a trailing stop loss of 7920 for all long positions. The medium term trend reversal level for Nifty is now placed at 7790.
On Friday, U.S. stocks fell as energy shares extended their recent slide, while rising bond yields drove down high-dividend paying shares.
"Solid U.S. retail sales and consumer sentiment data on Friday added to concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected," Reuters reported.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 61.49 points, or 0.36 percent, to 16,987.51, the S&P 500 lost 11.91 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,985.54 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 24.21 points, or 0.53 percent, to 4,567.60.
Asian shares were trading lower. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was trading 0.98 per cent lower at 24,359. South Korea's Kospi index was trading 0.27 per cent lower at 2,036 and China's Shanghai index was trading 0.20 per cent lower at 2,327.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Google to start searching for Android One success from IndiatodayPrint
The idea of Android One is to offer a pure Android experience at $100
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 8:19 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 10:09 am
Google is all set to launch the first set of affordable Android One smartphones from India on Monday. It has tied up with local manufacturers Micromax, Spice and Karbonn as well as chipmaker MediaTek to bring in smartphones which could be priced around Rs 5,000 to the booming Indian market. Achieving the $100 mark here will let Google replicate the model in other similar markets of Latin America and South East Asia.
However, the situation is not as easy as it sounds. There are already a handful of good Android smartphones priced just above the $100 mark in India. Google will have to offer a value proposition that is good enough for these customers to not increase their budget by 10 or 20 per cent and opt for the existing models like Moto E, Micromax Unite or Xiaomi Redmi 1S.
When Sundar Pichai, Google’s SVP of Android, Chrome & Apps, first announced Android one at Google I/O in June, he said the phones will try and bring the ‘pure Android’ experience to the $100 price point with a 4.5-inch screen, dual SIM and expandable memory. But a lot has happened since. For instance, Mozilla has used the Indian market to test its ultra-low cost smartphone models with prices starting as low as Rs 1,990 (or $35).
Also, if the Flipkart goof-up over the weekend, when it listed one of the Android One smartphones before its launch, is any indication, then the price point will need some serious tweaking to get buyers interested. India’s leading e-tailer listed the Spice Android One Dream UNO Mi-498 phone at Rs 6,999. Given its specs, the phone does not seem to be much better than the existing budget Android phones.
But a lot of people might be wooed by the offer of a Nexus-like pure Android experience, which is unheard of at these price points. Plus, as has been the case with a lot of budget phone launches, there could be a last minute price change that makes the device much more appealing. We won’t be surprised if the final price point is more Rs 4,999 than 6,999. Also, like with the Firefox phones, there could be multiple variants at ever Rs 500 ($10) price point.
According to Forbes , Google has indicated that it “could work with mobile carriers to package the devices with inexpensive internet connectivity”. While this model has never really worked in India, it has the potential to at least get more people hooked to smartphones and the Internet.

Nifty likely to open in red over weak macros & global cuesSep 15, 2014, 08.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty likely to open in red over weak macros & global cues
US markets ended lower on Friday ahead of the US Federal Reserve's meeting and the Scottish Independence referendum.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty likely to open in red over weak macros & global cues
US markets ended lower on Friday ahead of the US Federal Reserve's meeting and the Scottish Independence referendum.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
The Indian equity market may open the trading week on a weak note as suggested by SGX Nifty that was trading at 8081 down 51 points.
The market saw consolidation and managed to close above 8100 last week with a strength seen in broader markets pointing towards an upper hands for the bulls. However, it may react negatively to the macros that were released on Friday post market hours.
In what came as a double whammy for the economy, retail inflation slowed only marginally coming in at 7.8 percent for August thanks to a spike in food prices. Growth too is crawling with the industrial production in July growing by a mere 0.5 percent.
What may pull the Nifty lower today is the US market’s ending lower on Friday as investors turned cautious ahead of the Federal Reserve meeting that will start on Tuesday and the Scottish referendum on Thursday.
Asian markets are in the red over weak Chinese data- August industrial output rose 6.9 percent on year, its slowest pace since 2008, while fixed-asset investment and retail sales both missed forecasts. However, overall trading volumes are light with Japan being closed for a holiday. er the weekend, china released a raft of data that raised concerns about a weakening economy.
The European markets ended the week on a mixed note with the British FTSE and the French CAC ending just barely in the green. The German DAX was down about half a percent.
In other asset classes, the big news continues to be the slide of Brent Crude prices. Brent has now slipped below the USD 97 dollars per barrel mark pressured by a strong dollar, weak demand and ample supplies. The oil is its weakest in two years.
The dollar, meanwhile, is flat against the yen, near a six-year peak. The euro is also steady at 1.29 to the dollar.
However, no relief seems to be in place for gold either in the commodity space. It has dropped to fresh eight-month lows on fears that the Fed may signal an early interest rate hike at this week's policy meeting, while the strength in the dollar and weak physical demand also weighed on bullion.
RELATED NEWS

EXPRESS 5: BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj stirs row over Love Jihad; fear of disease outbreak inJ&KThe Indian Express on Monday.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 8:48 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 8:59 am
We recommend that you go through these five stories from The Indian Express before starting your day:
BJP MP SAKSHI MAHARAJ STIRS ROW OVER LOVE JIHAD
BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj also claimed that Muslim youth in madrasas are being motivated for “love jihad” with offers of cash rewards.
READ:  BJP Unnao MP Sakshi Maharaj claims madrasas offering cash rewards for love jihad 
OPINION
Old ideas of secularism and social justice are not enough to fight Modi; an innovative package of new and non-conventional ideas and practices is necessary to oppose him.
J&K FLOODS
A flooded street in Srinagar. (Source: IE photo by Shuaib Masoodi)
With the first signs of the outbreak of a communicable disease in the area, the health department has dispatched a team to assess the situation.
READ: In dead floating chicken, fear of disease outbreak
SOMDEV DEVVARMAN FIGHTS BACK
Somdev Devvarman held his nerve to come back from two sets to one down and beat Dusan Lajovic in the first reverse singles on Sunday as India bounced back from 2-0 down to 2-2. (Source: PTI photo)
Somdev Devvarman’s tireless legs and rampaging determination ran down the slumping challenge of Serbian Dusan Lajovic, as hosts India took the fight to the Serbian camp, pushing the No. 2 ranked Davis Cup team in the world
READ: Serb Volleyed
UDDHAV THACKERAY ON CM’S POST
The seat-sharing talks between the BJP and Shiv Sena hit a roadblock on Sunday, a day after Sena president Uddhav Thackeray indicated that he was in the race for the Chief Minister’s post.

Is comfortable seating in budget airlines is possibleBSE Sensex, NSE Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points...

Foreign investors lap up IndianbondsForeign portfolio investors have bought a record $18.6 billion worth of paper in the onshore Indian rupee debt market.
Mumbai | Posted: September 15, 2014 9:02 am
Foreign investors are lapping up “made in India” paper whether its rupee debt or a dollar bond; and they’re willing to settle for interest rates that aren’t as high as they were getting a year back. Testimony to this is ICICI Bank’s latest offshore issue that attracted as much as $2 billion — the bank retained $500 million — at a price that was the lowest in seven years. With this banks and companies have raised approximately $9 billion in overseas markets so far in 2014 and Hitendra Dave, head of global markets at HSBC Bank, believes another $5-6 billion could easily come their way before the year is over. Last year, companies mopped up $11.5 billion through dollar bonds with Bharti Airtel and HDFC Bank accessing the market for the first time. This was despite higher credit costs as spreads at that time were close to 250-300 basis points.
Click here for graph
Already, foreign portfolio investors have bought a record $18.6 billion worth of paper in the onshore Indian rupee debt market. “What it tells us is that four months after the new government has been in power, financial markets are confident that the government will deliver on its promises. Foreign investors have confidence that the government will facilitate an economic recovery,” Dave told FE.
The price of purchasing protection from the credit risk of an Indian company has nearly halved since January with credit default swaps (CDS) falling as much as 150 basis points. ICICI Bank’s CDS spreads are at an over four-year low and those of other notable Indian issuers such as Exim Bank and State Bank of India are also at similar levels.
Ananth Narayan G, head of global markets at Standard Chartered Bank observed, “If you comapre Indian credit compared with that of other emerging market credit, India has certainly outperformed. The optimism after the elections has contributed to this.”
ICICI Bank priced its 5.5-year dollar bond at 180 basis points above the corresponding US treasury yield, 20 bps lower than the issue arrangers had anticipated. “This is the tightest spread in a long long time and below even pre-Lehman levels,” Dave pointed out. Bankers believe investor appetite should remain strong given the National Democratic Alliance (NDA)-led government is expected to speed up economic growth by expediting clearance of stuck projects and unclogging funding channels.
The positive message from the government has not only encouraged short-term investors but also long-term buyers such as insurance companies and sovereign wealth funds. Such investors bought 10% of the ICICI Bank’s offer. Funds and asset managers bought 66% of the issue while banks bought 21%.
As some analysts believe India’s sovereign rating may get a boost in the coming months, the interest continued…

Sensex Down Nearly 150 Points  Nifty Near 8050You are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply; IIP, Inflation Data Weigh
NDTV | Updated On: September 15, 2014 12:00 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Most in Nearly 5 Weeks on Fed, China Woes
BSE Sensex and Nifty were sharply lower today after disappointing industrial output data and less-than-expected fall in inflation dented the Street's sentiment.
Sensex was down 232 points to 26,828 while Nifty fell 71 points to 8,033. The selling pressure was broadbased barring some defensive buying in pharma stocks. Among major Nifty losers, Hindalco, DLF, GAIL India, Tata Steel and Ambuja Cements were down over 2 per cent.
The selling pressure in broader markets however was lower than that in frontline stocks. The BSE smallcap index fell 0.3 per cent while the midcap index slipped 0.5 per cent.
Market analyst Sanjeev Bhasin said Nifty stocks are showing signs of exhaustion, with weakness in emerging market currency, slump in industrial output growth weighing on the sentiment.
He sees Nifty consolidating in the 8000-8200 range.
India's industrial output growth hit a four-month low in July when it grew at much slower-than-expected 0.5 percent year-on-year. Retail inflation, which the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) tracks for setting lending rates, edged down marginally to 7.8 percent in August from 7.96 percent a month earlier. These numbers were released after market hours on Friday.
Investors also remained cautious ahead of the Federal Reserve meet later this week. Besides that weak Asian markets also weighed on the sentiment. Recent string of strong US economic data added to concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected.
Any decision by the US Federal Reserve to raise rates, which have been held near zero since December 2008, will have implications for India, as it could lead to capital outflows, weakening the rupee and inflating costs of imported commodities. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 11:59 (IST)

Investor Wealth of BSE-Listed Firms Nears Rs. 100 Lakh CroreSensex, Nifty Fall Most in Nearly 5 Weeks on Fed, China Woes
New Delhi: With the benchmark Sensex witnessing a dream-run, total market valuation of BSE-listed companies has inched closer to Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
At present, the total market capitalisation or M-cap of the companies listed on the bourse stands at Rs 96,25,517 crore, which is Rs 3.74 lakh short of the Rs 100 lakh crore mark.
In US dollar terms, total market value of BSE-listed firms has surged to $1.58 trillion at the current rupee rate of 60.65 against the greenback.
Earlier, the total market value of domestic-listed companies had reached a record $1.5 trillion in June this year.
India had first entered the trillion-dollar club in June 2007, but moved out in September 2008 after a global meltdown. It again got back into the elite league in May 2009 and largely remained there except for some brief periods including once in 2012. In August 2013, it had again slipped out of the elite list.
Indian stock market investors are making big gains as the Sensex has gained by 5,890.36 points, or 27.82 per cent, so far this year. The index has hit its all-time high of 27,354.99 on September 8.
"The undercurrent of the stock market is very bullish. Markets are likely to sustain at current levels," an expert said.
Sensex blue-chip companies with market valuation of over Rs 1 lakh crore include Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), ONGC, Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), ITC, Coal India Ltd (CIL), Infosys, HDFC Bank, State Bank of India (SBI), ICICI Bank, Sun Pharma, Bharti Airtel, HDFC, Larsen and Toubro Ltd (L&T), Wipro, Tata Motors and NTPC.
Outsourcing giant TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs 5,10,415.13 crore.
Indian markets are also making merry helped by robust foreign fund inflows, analysts say.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) in the country's equity market.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 20:56 (IST)

Asian Shares Fall on Weak China DataHong Kong: Asian markets retreated on Monday, led by Hong Kong after data at the weekend showed Chinese industrial output expanded in August at its slowest rate since the global financial crisis.
Asian Shares Fall on Weak China Data
The pound edged lower as investors grow jittery about Thursday's knife-edge Scottish independence referendum, which could see the country break away from the United Kingdom.
Hong Kong slipped 0.76 per cent and Shanghai eased 0.18 per cent, Sydney lost 0.63 per cent and Seoul was 0.32 per cent lower.
Tokyo was closed for a public holiday.
Beijing said Saturday that industrial production grew 6.9 per cent last month, its weakest rate since December 2008.
The key indicator slumped from 9.0 per cent growth in July and was also well short of the 8.7 per cent median increase in a survey of 15 economists by The Wall Street Journal.
The figures add to worries about the world's number two economy -- a key driver of world commerce -- following recent indicators suggesting growth is weakening even after limited stimulus measures.
"The (government's) 7.5 per cent (economic) growth target for 2014 is now clearly challenged," Royal Bank of Scotland said, according to Dow Jones Newswires.
In foreign exchange markets the dollar consolidated its recent gains against the yen after solid reports on US retail sales and consumer confidence added to expectations the Fed will tighten monetary policy as the economy picks up.
However on Wall Street the Dow slipped 0.36 per cent, the S&P 500 fell 0.60 per cent and the Nasdaq eased 0.53 per cent. The central bank holds its next policy meeting this week.
In early Singapore trade, the dollar was at 107.24 yen, down from 107.31 yen in New York Friday but still at levels not seen since September 2008.
The euro fetched $1.2963, against $1.2964 Friday, while it was also at 139.08 yen, compared with 139.18 yen.
The pound bought $1.6244, down from $1.6264 after conflicting opinion polls showed the "Yes" and "No" campaigns in front days before Thursday's referendum.
There are fears about the likely effects of Scottish independence on the British economy and the uncertainty that would cause, including pension to funds and the debt market.
Stephen Walters, chief economist at JP Morgan, Australia, said: "Uncertainty will be with us for the next couple of years as the terms of the separation are negotiated."
He added that it was still unclear how separation would be carried out, including the monetary regime, the division of assets and liabilities, and Scotland's EU membership.
"Should it pass, uncertainty would depress growth in the UK for a number of quarters, delay the beginning of monetary policy normalisation, and depress asset prices including the currency," he added.
Oil prices sank. US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for October delivery eased $1.06 to $91.21, while Brent crude for October fell 63 cents to $96.48 in mid-morning trade.
Gold was at $1,232.24 an ounce, against $1,237.10 late Friday.
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 08:44 (IST)

Market to open lower: Ventura SecuritiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Market to open lower: Ventura Securities
According to Ventura Securities, the markets to open lower after inflation and industrial output data released by the government on Friday dampened hopes of a quick economic revival after the Narendra Modi-led government came to power.
Post your opinion here
 
Ventura Securities' market report:
Sensex, on Friday, increased by 65 points and closed at 27,061, mainly on account of strong footing as overseas funds increased bets on growth optimism and a lower oil price which gave a boost to sentiments. Among the stocks, Cipla, Maruti and Bharti Airtel were the ones which gained the most while among sector indices Healthcare, CD and Auto ended on a positive note. Market breadth was positive with 1,734 advances against 1323 declines.
 
Nifty was up by 20 points and closed at 8,106. Today we expect the markets to open lower after inflation and industrial output data released by the government on Friday dampened hopes of a quick economic revival after the Narendra Modi-led government came to power.
 
US markets ended negative with Dow Jones and Nasdaq were down by 0.4 percent and 0.5 percent respectively, as rising Treasury yields and the prospect of next week’s Fed rate meeting made investors cautious. For the week will see data releases on Industrial Production m/m, Manufacturing Sales m/m, PPI m/m, Core CPI m/m, FOMC Statement, Unemployment Claims, Building Permits, Fed Chair Yellen Speaks, Philly Fed Manufacturing Index and G20 Meeting.
 
Asian markets are trading weak with Nikkei closed and Hang Seng down by 1.2 percent. SGX Nifty is trading down by 53 points at 8,081. Indian ADRs ended on a negative note. Among financial ADRs, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank were down by 0.5 percent and 1.9 percent respectively. Among IT ADRs, Wipro and Infosys were down by 2.3 percent and 1.1 percent, Tata Motors was up by 0.2 percent.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
RELATED NEWS

See negative opening: Maximus SecuritiesLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
See negative opening: Maximus Securities
According to Maximus Securities, trading of CNX Nifty futures on the Singapore stock exchange indicates that the Nifty could fall 49 points at the opening bell.
Post your opinion here
 
Maximus Securities' derivative report:
Nifty PCR-OI has decreased to 1.15 from 1.16. Fall in the ratio may be due to decrease in PE of 7700 and increase in CE of 8300.
PE of 8100 and CE of 8100 are highest number of contracts traded.
Trading of CNX Nifty futures on the Singapore stock exchange indicates that the Nifty could fall 49 points at the opening bell. Domestic data showing sharp drop in growth industrial production in July 2014 compared with previous month may also weigh on sentiment. Data also showed inflation based on the combined CPI for urban and rural India moderated in August 2014. Asian stocks fell today after Chinese factory and retail data added to evidence a slowdown is deepening.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Strategist Indianivesh SecuritiesDon't have an account yet? - Register now
Thank you for posting your query
We will send it across to the expert; watch this space for the reply.
Your message will also be posted on our community on messageboard

Pre-market: Five stocks to watch out in trade todaySI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 11, 2014
Last Updated at 08:36 AM IST
Pre-market: Five stocks to watch out in trade today
Markets are likely to rebound after losses in the previous two sessions amid firm global cues
Markets are likely to rebound and open higher after losses in the previous two sessions tracking firm global cues.
At 8:35AM, the early indicator SGX Nifty was down 5 points at 8,127.
Asian markets were trading in a narrow range after US President Barack Obama said he had authorised US air strike in Syria and also in Iraq to fight the Islamic State militants.
However, Japanese shares remained firm amid a weaker yen. The benchmark Nikkei was up 0.5%. Straits Times and Hang Seng were up 0.2-0.3% each while Shanghai Composite was up 0.6%.
US stocks recovered from the losses in the previous two sessions helped by a rebound in shares of Apple which recently unveiled the iPhone6. Meanwhile, energy shares continued to remain weak tracking weakness in crude oil prices. The Dow Jones gained 0.3% to end at 17,068.71, the broader S&P 500 gained 0.4% to close at 1,995.69 and the Nasdaq Composite ended up 0.8% at 4,586.52.
Stocks to watch
Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), Coal India Ltd (CIL) and NHPC Ltd will be in action after the Union Cabinet on Wednesday cleared a dilution of the government's stake in these companies.
IDFC will be in action after the company plans to raise Rs 2,000 crore through share sale to qualified institutional buyers. The floor price has been fixed at Rs 143.70/share.
Nestle will be in focus after the FMCG major announced a second interim dividend of Rs 30/share for 2014.
DLF will see some action after receiving approval from its shareholders to raise up to Rs 5,000 via through private placement of non-convertible debentures.
Info Edge (India) has informed that the QIP committee has decided to close bidding for QIP issue after it raised Rs 750 crore. The issue had opened for subscription on September 4.
 Advertisements

Sun Pharma stock price reacts on news of US FDAs surprise plant inspectionUpdated: September 11, 2014 19:11 IST
Sun Pharma stock price reacts on news of US FDA’s surprise plant inspection
Special Correspondent
stocks
The share price of India’s leading pharmaceutical player, Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (Sun) reacted on Thursday on reports of drug regulator, US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) conducting a surprise inspection of the company’s manufacturing plant at Halol in Gujarat.
As against Wednesday’s close of Rs 859.65 on the Bombay Stock Exchange, Sun fell to a low of Rs 808 in early trade on Thursday before closing at Rs 822.8, down 4.29 per cent.
The company refused comment on reports of the inspection, but sources indicate that the move may have been triggered by a number of recent recalls from the plant. In May, Sun Pharma’s other manufacturing facility in Karkhadi, Gujarat had received a warning letter from the US FDA after investigators had identified violations of current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) and regulations for finished pharmaceuticals.
“Of late, Sun Pharma recalled three important medicines from the US market,” said Sarabjit Kour Nangra, VP – Research, Angel Broking. It recalled 40,000 bottles fo Venlafaxine Hydrochloride extended release
tablets after it failed the dissolution test, Gemcitabine for manufacturing issues and Metformin for packaging problems. While all recalls were limited to specific batches, all three products are manufactured at Halol.
The Halol plant was last inspected in September 2012 and reportedly contributes around 40 per cent of Sun’s US sales and around 25 per cent of the consolidated profit of the company. “Results of the ongoing inspection at Sun Pharma’s Halol plant would be significant given its importance to the company’s US revenues as well as for its overall performance going forward,” Ms. Nangra said, adding that in 2013-14, US business accounted for 60 per cent of Sun’s overall sales.
“Going forward, after the merger with Ranbaxy Labs, its dependence on the region would reduce to around 45 per cent of the expected sales in 2015-16. Thus, the share of the plant in the overall sales would reduce going forward (expected to be around 10 per cent of sales in 2015-16), while profitability could be impacted given the low profitability of Ranbaxy Labs in case of an adverse implication.”

Rupee down 9 paise in early tradeUpdated: September 12, 2014 09:56 IST
Rupee down 9 paise in early trade
PTI
Reuters Rupee depreciated by 9 paise to 61.02 against the U.S. dollar in early trade on Friday at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market. File photo
TOPICS
foreign exchange market
Fall due to increased demand for the American currency from importers.
Rupee depreciated by 9 paise to 61.02 against the U.S. dollar in early trade on Friday at the Interbank Foreign Exchange market due to increased demand for the American currency from importers.
The dollar’s gains against other currencies overseas also put pressure on the local unit but a higher opening in the domestic equity market capped losses, forex dealers said.
The rupee had gained 2 paise to end at 60.93 against the greenback in yesterday’s trade.
Meanwhile, the benchmark BSE Sensex recovered by 53.27 points, or 0.20 per cent, to 27,049.14 in early trade on Friday.

Nifty ends above 8100  Sensex gains 65 pts; Cipla up 6%Sep 12, 2014, 03.55 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty ends above 8100, Sensex gains 65 pts; Cipla up 6%
The market ended a volatile session on a higher note. The Nifty managed to end above 8100, up 19.80 points at 8105.50 while the Sensex was up 65.17 points at 27061.04. Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, Sesa Sterlite and Hero Motocorp were top gainers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty ends above 8100, Sensex gains 65 pts; Cipla up 6%
The market ended a volatile session on a higher note. The Nifty managed to end above 8100, up 19.80 points at 8105.50 while the Sensex was up 65.17 points at 27061.04. Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, Sesa Sterlite and Hero Motocorp were top gainers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
03:30 Market closing
The market ended a volatile session on a higher note. The Nifty managed to end above 8100, up 19.80 points at 8105.50 while the Sensex was up 65.17 points at 27061.04. Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, Sesa Sterlite and Hero Motocorp were top gainers in the Sensex.
Among the top losers were Sun Pharma, Hindalco, Tata Power, NTPC and BHEL.
03:00pm Gayatri Projects rally
Gayatri Projects spiked 6 percent as the company in joint venture with SPL Infrastructure has bagged new order worth Rs 158.92 crore from NHAI, said the flagship company of the Gayatri Group.
The project work includes improvement and augmentation of Thanjavur-Pudukottai section 2 laning with Paved Shoulders for 55.228 km of NH-226 in the state of Tamil Nadu under NHDP-IV on EPC mode.
02:50pm Market Check
The market extended gains in last hour of trade with the Sensex rising 85.20 points to 27081.07 and the Nifty climbing 21.90 points to 8107.60 supported by ITC that gained 1.7 percent.
About 1734 shares have advanced, 1244 shares declined, and 106 shares are unchanged.
02:30pm Oracle Financial in demand
Investors rushed to buy more shares of Oracle Financial Services Software after it declared hefty amount of dividend. The stock rallied as much as 10.5 percent to touch a record high of Rs 4,080 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
"The board of directors of the company has declared an interim dividend of Rs 485 per equity share," said the company in its filing.
The company will distribute dividend worth Rs 4,081.3 crore to 8,41,50,904 equity shares.
For the year ended March 31, 2014, the company had reported cash and bank balances of Rs 6,672.6 crore, increased from Rs 5,471 crore in previous financial year.
02:00pm The market continued to be in a tight range in afternoon trade as investors are cautious ahead of July industrial output and August CPI data. The Sensex rose 3.51 points to 26999.38 while the Nifty fell 2.60 points to 8083.10 but the broader markets outperformed benchmarks.
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained 0.2 percent and 0.6 percent, respectively. About 1633 shares have advanced, 1290 shares declined, and 101 shares are unchanged.
Cipla shares rallied 6 percent followed by ITC, HDFC, Maruti Suzuki and Hero Motocorp with 1-1.5 percent whereas Hindalco Industries, L&T, Sun Pharma, NTPC, Coal India and Tata Power declined 1-3 percent.
HDFC, Force Motors, Sun Pharma, Coromandel International, Lovable Lingerie, SBI, Motherson Sumi, Cipla and Tata Steel were most active shares.
Index of industrial production (IIP) for July is likely to fall to 1.7 percent while the consumer price index (CPI) for August may soften to 7.7 percent, says a CNBC-TV18 poll. Both the macro-economic data points will be released post market hours today and between, the CPI will be crucially watched even from a bond market perspective.
13:20

Opulent Venture sells 11.5 lakh shares of Shristi InfraSep 13, 2014, 12.02 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Opulent Venture sells 11.5 lakh shares of Shristi Infra
On September 12, 2014 Opulent Venture Capital Trust sold 1,150,000 shares of Shristi Infrastructure Development Corporation at Rs 128 on the NSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Opulent Venture sells 11.5 lakh shares of Shristi Infra
On September 12, 2014 Opulent Venture Capital Trust sold 1,150,000 shares of Shristi Infrastructure Development Corporation at Rs 128 on the NSE.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 12, 2014 Opulent Venture Capital Trust sold 1,150,000 shares of Shristi Infrastructure Development Corporation  at Rs 128 on the NSE.
On September 12, 2014 Shristi Infrastructure Development Corporation closed at Rs 132.10, up Rs 3.35, or 2.60 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 159 and 52-week low Rs 47 on 07 July, 2014 and 6 February, 2014, respectively.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 1.03 per share. (Jun, 2014). The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 128.25. The latest book value of the company is Rs 45.96 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 2.87. The dividend yield of the company was 0.23 percent.
RELATED NEWS

BSE Sensex gains for fifth week in a row; mid and small-caps shineBSE Sensex gains for fifth week in a row; mid and small-caps shine
fe Bureau | Mumbai | Updated:  Sep 13 2014, 15:13  IST
Sep 13 2014, 15:13  IST
 

Chinese output growth at 5-year loweconomy, business and finance
Slowdown to compound worries over strength of its economy
China’s factory output in August slowed to 6.9 percent from a year earlier amid waning export demand and a slump in real estate development that has undermined steel and cement production, according to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics.
The growth rate for industrial production in August was down sharply from 9.0 percent in July.
In other data, fixed assets investment in non-rural areas of China rose 16.5 percent in the January-August period compared with the same period a year earlier.
Industrial production was slowing amid weaker exports to major markets in Japan, Europe and the United States and the saturation of China’s domestic markets for vehicles and mobile phones after years of rapid growth, the bureau of statistics said.
The cooler summer months this year in eastern China, one of the country’s most economically active areas, also helped cut the national electricity production by 2.2 percent in August, the first time power production decreased since 2009, the bureau said.

Employees generate ideas worth US $500 million  says HCL Tech#hcl #hcl ideas #hcl tech #business challenges #recession
New Delhi: India's fourth largest IT firm HCL Technologies is now focussing on "ideapreneurship" to encourage employees to come up with innovative solutions to customers' business challenges.
Under the initiative, the Noida-based firm has generated over 32,000 innovative ideas since 2008 to deliver approximately US $500 million of value to customers.
"It is a platform where our employees can share, collaborate and shape ideas in a structured manner to deliver value to our customers. It is at the heart of grassroots' ideas led revolution we are experiencing," HCL Technologies Chief Human Resources Officer Prithvi Shergill said.
HCL acknowledges that putting the Employee First and engaging and empowering remains vital in today's environment, said Chief HR Officer.
This culture is a key enabler of the company's strategy, he added.
"In a growth-constrained, post-recession world where many traditional sources of advantage are not as relevant, the best investment to succeed is the power of ideas," he said.
In 2005, HCL Technologies had introduced a new management model -- Employees First, Customers Second (EFCS) -- aimed at making managers as accountable to employees as employees were to their bosses and transfer responsibility for change and value creation to front-line employees.
HCL acknowledges that putting the Employee First and engaging and empowering remains vital in today's environment, Shergill added.
"The ideas we see emerging could be something that helps solve a business problem, brings in a new way of doing business, or helps create competitive differentiation, it can be anything that adds value to the client," he said. Shergill added that by channelising the energies of 95,000 employees, innovation is happening across teams.
"By giving them the right tools, and creating the right environment, HCL is enabling employees to collaborate, communicate and create value freely across teams and across boundaries," Shergill said.
He said the EFCS management model continues to attract the attention of academics (with Harvard Business School doing a case study) as well as analysts who continue to highlight the customer benefits emerging given the adoption of the tenets of this model.
"HCL is working with Cornell University to further enhance the yield of the ideas as they see this delivering to the promise they make to client of building 'relationships beyond the contract'," he said.

RBI May Issue Final Norms on Small  Payments Banks in 2-3 MonthsNew Delhi: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to issue the final guidelines on small and payments banks within 2-3 months, paving the way for corporates to enter these two segments.
The final guidelines are expected in the next 2-3 months, sources said.
Draft guidelines for small and payments banks were issued by the RBI in July and comments were invited till August 28.
It is examining the suggestions received and is in the process of finalising the norms for such banks, they said.
The final norms will allow micro finance institutions, telecom players, non-banking finance companies (NBFCs) and public sector companies eligible to apply for bank licences once the RBI invites applications for the same.
The proposed small banks will provide a whole suite of basic banking products such as deposits and supply of credit, but in a limited area of operation.
On the other hand, payments banks will offer a limited range of products such as acceptance of demand deposits and remittances of funds. They will have a widespread network of access points particularly in remote areas, either through their own branch network or through business correspondents (BCs) or through networks provided by others.
"Both payments banks and small banks are 'niche' or 'differentiated' banks, with the common objective of furthering financial inclusion," the RBI had said while issuing the draft guidelines for licensing these banks.
Small banks can collect deposits and disburse small-ticket loans to farmers and small and medium businesses, unorganised sector through high technology-low cost operations, as par draft norms.
Payment banks will cater to marginalised sections of society, including migrant labourers, for collecting deposits and remitting funds. They would, however, not be allowed to indulge in lending operation.
Such banks can be set up with a minimum capital of Rs 100 crore as against Rs 500 crore required for normal commercial banks, as per the draft norms.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 12:34 (IST)

Facebook activity can accurately reveal personality traits of strangers#facebook #research #social networking
Washington: People can accurately detect the personality traits of strangers through Facebook activity, according to a new study.
However, changes to the social media site in the past three years could be making it harder to do so, scientists said.
Researchers at The University of Kansas sampled 100 Facebook users, paralleling the demographics of the social networking site, and asked them to fill out a personality survey.
However, changes to the social media site in the past three years could be making it harder to do so, scientists sa ( Facebook , via Shutterstock)
A group of coders looked at each person's Facebook activity, 53 cues in all, to see whether certain personality types were more likely to do specific activities.
The researchers then had 35 strangers spend 10 to 15 minutes on each of the Facebook users' profile pages to see if they could correctly gauge a person's personality.
The study looked at which cues correlated to personality types and whether the 35 strangers were able to correctly detect personality traits based on those cues.
The research found that extroversion was the easiest personality trait for strangers to interpret followed by agreeableness and openness.
There was just one cue that pointed to conscientiousness and none that helped detect neuroticism.
While strangers were able to correctly match certain Facebook activities with personality traits, the researchers believe new algorithms enacted by Facebook could make it harder to detect personality traits.
Since the data was collected in 2011, Facebook has changed how and when users see other people's activity, researchers said.
At the time data was collected, users saw every action - from likes to changes in personal history - their friends took.
Now, those actions can be viewed in a small box in the upper right-hand corner of the page, making the actions less apparent.
Today, the posts on Facebook's most prominent feature, the newsfeed, are based on an algorithm that takes into account how recent the post is, how many people like it or have commented on it and if the user has frequently interacted with the person making the post.
That's an important shift for judging personalities because, according to the study, an agreeable person tends to post less often, an open person is less likely to respond to other people's posts but make more political status updates, and a conscientious person agrees more often with what other people post.
So, if Facebook changes how often users see their friends' posts, users could be forming the wrong impressions of their friends, researchers said.
"If Facebook suddenly starts highlighting people you may not have regularly interacted with and promotes a lot of posts from them, you may no longer think that person is agreeable," said KU doctoral candidate Natalie Pennington.
"It may not be that they post that much, but that your feed has gotten smaller and shows a smaller subset of friends," she said.
The study will be published in the journal New Media & Society.

HDFC Bank goes green  sends debit card PIN by SMSIANS |  New Delhi Sep 14, 2014
Last Updated at 04:46 PM IST
HDFC Bank goes green, sends debit card PIN by SMS
In a novel green initiative, HDFC Bank has launched a system of sending the personal identification number (PIN) for debit card holders through SMS instead of the usual despatch by post.
In a novel green initiative, HDFC Bank has launched a system of sending the personal identification number (PIN) for debit card holders through SMS instead of the usual despatch by post.
"With the launch of the Green PIN we offer our customers the flexibility to generate a new pin number at a time and location most convenient to them, while simultaneously giving them the opportunity to take a step to save our planet's vital natural resources," said Parag Rao, senior vice president and head of Cards Payment Products HDFC Bank.
The Green PIN is the One Time Password (OTP) sent to the customer's mobile number with which the customer can set the debit card PIN at the bank's ATM.
Apart from the convenience and time saved on both interfaces of the transaction, the system is also environment friendly, Rao pointed out. Customers will get the OTP within 48 hours of application.
The facility is available in all states except Jammu and Kashmir owing to restrictions in the state on bulk SMS delivery, Rao said, adding that the green PIN is one of many "go green" initiatives of HDFC Bank.
HDFC Bank has nearly 1.75 crore debit card holders, while around 1.65 million cards on an average are issued annually by it.
 Advertisements

Don t celebrate my birthday  instead help in Jammu and Kashmir relief work: PM Narendra ModiDon't celebrate my birthday, instead help in Jammu and Kashmir relief work: PM Narendra Modi
PTI | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 14 2014, 20:02  IST
Sep 14 2014, 20:02  IST
 

US citizen given hard labour in N KoreaSeptember 14, 2014 4:40 pm
North Korea sentences US citizen to hard labour
By Simon Mundy in Seoul
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f64851a2-3c1e-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Growing foreign fund influence a risk for emerging markets: BISSep 14, 2014, 09.30 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Growing foreign fund influence a risk for EMs: BIS
n its quarterly review, the Bank for International Settlements said the selloff that rocked emerging economies last year was a reminder of how "the activity of large asset managers can significantly affect small and illiquid asset markets".
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Growing foreign fund influence a risk for EMs: BIS
n its quarterly review, the Bank for International Settlements said the selloff that rocked emerging economies last year was a reminder of how "the activity of large asset managers can significantly affect small and illiquid asset markets".
Post your opinion here
 
The global fund management industry is a potential source of risk for emerging markets because of its vast size and herd-like investor behaviour that can exacerbate asset price fluctuations, a BIS report said on Sunday.
In its quarterly review, the Bank for International Settlements said the selloff that rocked emerging economies last year was a reminder of how "the activity of large asset managers can significantly affect small and illiquid asset markets".
The presence and influence of asset managers in emerging market economies (EME) has grown significantly in recent years, BIS said, citing data showing emerging bond funds alone had quadrupled assets under management (AUM) between 2007-2017.
Also Read:  Fed policy, WPI inflation to guide mkt this week, say experts
The total AUM of emerging market funds tracked by the Boston-based EPFR Global consultancy had risen to USD 1.4 trillion from USD 900 million before the Lehman crisis, it added.
While these amounts are dwarfed by the AUM of funds dedicated to the United States or Europe, they are large relative to emerging stock and bond markets.
"The large size and concentration of AUM of asset managers in relatively small and illiquid EME asset markets are a potentially important source of concern. Any decision by asset managers with large AUM to change portfolio allocation can have a major impact on EME asset markets that are relatively small," BIS said in its report.
While acknowledging the benefits of foreign investment for developing countries, BIS noted that successive crises over the years had highlighted how investors may destabilise EME asset markets – "accentuating both booms and busts".
The problem was exacerbated by fund managers' use of common or similar benchmarks, BIS said, referring to stock and bond indexes against which investors measure their performance.
In emerging bond markets for instance, JPMorgan indexes tend to be most widely used, while equity index provider MSCI says USD 1.4 trillion is benchmarked to its main emerging equity index.
The BIS report noted the growing popularity of "passive" investing via so-called ETFs that mirror the benchmark index. But even in the case of actively managed funds, the use of common benchmarks or a high degree of correlation between benchmarks may lead fund managers to adopt similar asset allocation strategies, it warned.
"These funds are likely to move in the same direction and react in similar ways when they face EME-related shocks," the report added, citing the example of 2013 when the prospect of tighter U.S. monetary policy saw tens of billions of dollars flee emerging market funds.
BIS cautioned earlier this year that as regulators clamped down on risk-taking by banks, the role of asset managers in funding lower-rated companies and sovereigns had grown, a potential danger for the global financial system.
This carries risks for emerging markets too.
The latest BIS quarterly report highlighted rising debt issuance by private sector emerging market borrowers. These have raised debt worth almost USD 375 billion in 2009–12, it said, more than double what was sold in the four years before the crisis. What's more, much of this is in foreign currency debt.
It added: "There is reason to believe that many EME corporates are unhedged against this exposure. Together with their increase in leverage, this raises the vulnerability of EME corporates to the combined effects of a domestic slowdown, currency depreciation and a global rise in interest rates."
RELATED NEWS

Hidden Chinese dragon wants to be Simba of the global gold marketHidden Chinese dragon wants to be Simba of the global gold market
MR Subramani
Huge demad: Gold and silver volumes on the Shanghai bourse have increased sharply compared with other global exchanges.
Will launch an international board on the Shanghai Gold Exchange on Sept 29
Pune, September 14:  
China may be the hidden dragon in the global gold market, but it is making strategic moves in its endeavour to become a roaring lion.
A move towards this will be the launch of the international board on the Shanghai Gold Exchange on September 29 in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone. The international board, which will allow domestic and foreign players to participate, is an effort to earn global recognition for its gold market and will be followed a couple of measures that is aimed at dictating or becoming a price-setter in the global bullion market.
“The impact of China in the global arena is set to increase,” says Jeremy East, Managing Director, Standard Chartered Bank.
After the launch of the Shanghai international gold platform, China will be trying to set a benchmark price for gold on a par with London and New York next year. “That will make it a major force in Asia,” says an industry player not willing to identify.
From thereon, there will be manoeuvres, including accumulating gold within the country, to become a force to reckon with in the global arena.
Statistics and signals from China in the global market are clear indicators of its moves.
Since 2011, China has imported 3,500 tonnes of gold. “In 2013, some 1,400 tonnes of gold were imported, while domestic production was a record 438 tonnes. In fact, it has absorbed nearly 2,000 tonnes of gold last year,” says East.
Data from Thomson Reuters GFMS show that physical demand, excluding banking activity, was 1,283 tonnes last year, up 28.2 per cent over 2012.
Gold and silver volumes on the Shanghai bourse have increased sharply compared with other global exchanges. Gold volume was up 24 per cent last year against a 28 per cent drop in New York. Silver volume increased 60 per cent against a 23 per cent drop in the US bourse.
Investments abroad
Chinese investments in mining projects abroad were over $20 billion last year, says Jorge Ramiro Monroy, Managing Director of Emerging Markets Capital. “It invested $7 billion in a Peru gold mine,” he says.
China’s strategy, in gold and other minerals and metals, is to avoid disruption of supply and ensure a hedge against price spike, says Monroy.
China’s gold-friendly strategy, as StanChart Bank’s East says, is not just aimed at becoming a force to reckon with in the global market but also have under control currency movements.
The Chinese yuan dropped to 6.26 against the dollar a few months ago and has recovered to 6.16 currently. Last year, during the same time, it ruled at 6.06.
“In a few years’ time, China plans to remove control on its currency movements. At that time, the gold holdings will come into play,” says East.
“The Chinese economy has grown 24 per cent in the last three years compared with the US’ 7 per cent. Therefore, it has the money to achieve its objective,” he says.
“Chinese investments are by the Government or its agencies, unlike India where the private sector is the one that takes such initiatives,” says Munroy.
East and Monroy are surprised over India’s negative thinking against gold and investments in mining.
“China and India are a study in contrast. While one is encouraging gold, the other is discouraging,” says East, pointing out to the fact that both these nations account for 60 per cent of global gold imports.
India was a force in the gold market until September last year. “India’s measures to increase Customs duty and curb imports through the 80:20 rule, which mandates importers to re-export 20 per cent of the gold brought into the country in value-added form, did drag the market by around $350 an ounce. Since then, India’s hold in the market has loosened,” says East.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

India becomes the fastest growing travel market for US‘India becomes the fastest growing travel market for US’
Navadha Pandey
US expects 9.62 lakh Indian arrivals in 2014
New Delhi, September 14:  
India is now the fastest growing travel market for the US, with the number of outbound travellers increasing by 18.6 per cent in 2013 annually. The forecast for 2014 is 9.62 lakh, and it is expected to touch 13.20 lakh by 2018.
“We expect the growth in Indian arrivals to be around 54 per cent by 2018,” Jay Gray, Vice-President, Global Partnership Development, Brand USA, told BusinessLine.
In 2013, Indian arrivals in the US were 8.59 lakh, an increase of 18.6 per cent compared to 7.24 lakh in 2012, according to the US Department of Commerce.
Stating that Indians are staying more and spending more in the US, Sunil Puri, Executive Director-India, Brand USA, said the average Indian stay in the US has risen from 18 days in 2012 to 20 days in 2013. In 2013, Indians also ranked 10{+t}{+h} globally in terms of money spent in the US, with a total spend of $5.6 billion, an increase of 14 per cent over previous year.
“We are working towards making travel to the US more hassle-free. For instance, six months ago US customs has built a facility in Abu Dhabi wherein you can clear customs, immigration in Abu Dhabi itself,” Gray said.
On the lack of advertising compared to Australia and Malaysia which are aggressively advertising on television, Gray said, “Brand USA is just three years old. We are working on our back-end and creating awareness among the tour operators. The trade needs to be aware of what US has to offer. You will see advertising campaign soon.”
The mission also launched ‘USA Discovery Programme’ on Saturday, an online learning tool to train Indian agents to sell the destination, apart from unveiling a culinary guide to promote gastro-tourism.
Brand USA is a public-private partnership to promote the country as a travel destination. The US delegation this year has 41 participants representing 30 US companies including destinations, attractions and tour operators.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

BJP welcomes Modi s decision not to celebrate birthday#bjp #narendra modi #tracking the modi government #birthday #jammu and kashmir floods
New Delhi: BJP on Sunday welcomed Prime Minister Narendra Modi's decision of not celebrating his birthday, and joined him in appealing to the countrymen to help the flood affected people of Jammu and Kashmir.
The party also hailed the initiatives taken by the central government in leading the flood relief operations in the state where lakhs of affected people have been evacuated and taken to safety after the floods.
Modi on Sunday appealed to his friends and well-wishers not to celebrate his birthday and instead dedicate time and resources towards relief work in this hour of need for flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir. BJP secretary Shrikant Sharma said the BJP-led NDA government has taken a number of initiatives for flood relief in the valley and added that the party will follow the directions of its president Amit Shah in helping the affected.
BJP also hailed the initiatives taken by the central government in leading the flood relief operations in the state where lakhs of affected people have been evacuated and taken to safety after the floods.
He said that the party president has asked all MPs, MLAs and public representatives in the state to collect relief material and contribute in the rescue and relief operations. Sharma said that the country should unite in helping in the rescue and relief operations.

West Bengal: Congress leader to move SC over TMC protest outside CBI office#saradha scam #congress #tmc #abdul mannan #cbi #sc
Kolkata: A senior West Bengal Congress leader Abdul Mannan on Sunday said that Trinamool Congress's recent protest demonstrations outside the CBI office here is tantamount to contempt of court and he will move the Supreme Court over the issue.
"The CBI is conducting a probe into the multi-crore Saradha chit fund scam as per the Supreme Court's order and the recent protest demonstrations by TMC led by the state law minister Chandrima Bhattacharya against the CBI is tantamount to contempt of court.
"I am planning to move the apex court over the issue next week. I am consulting my lawyer in this regard," Mannan, who participated in a mass convention of the state Congress over the issue, said.
"I am planning to move the apex court over the issue next week. I am consulting my lawyer in this regard," the Congress leader said.
Later he said, "It is personal initiative to move the court and the Congress has not directed me on this." Hundreds of women TMC workers led by Bhattacharya had staged a sit-in outside the CBI office here on September 11 and 12, protesting against alleged "politicised nature of investigation" into the Saradha scam by the CBI.
CPI(M) leader Sujan Chakraborty had mocked the demonstration outside the CBI office and said the TMC should have demonstrated outside the state secretariat instead. Trinamool Congress has dismissed allegations by opposition parties that many of its leaders were involved in Saradha Ponzi scam and claimed it was a ploy to keep the main culprits behind the curtains.
"Opposition parties are trying to forge together and are making wild allegations to keep the main culprits behind curtains," Trinamool Congress secretary general Partha Chatterjee had told reporters on September 11.
"It was Mamata Banerjee who got the main accused arrested and her government has been trying to return money to the investors," Chatterjee had said.

J&K floods: Collapse of a protection dam in Srinagar s Rajbagh area aggravates situationWatch: Actresses back Deepika Padukone after row over objectionable caption by a national daily on her picture
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Indias richest eye slice of Alibabas mega $21.1-billion initial public offeringComments
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba.com, which is looking to raise a mammoth $21.1 billion (Rs 126.6 lakh crore) by listing on the United States stock market, is generating huge interest among investors worldwide, including among high net worth individuals in India.
According to investment banking and brokerage house executives, apart from high net worth individuals (HNIs), fund managers have also sounded out brokers to place orders with their foreign financial partners when the initial public offering (IPO) opens.
Alibaba and its selling shareholders, which include chairman Jack Ma, vice-chairman Joe Tsai, and US Internet giant Yahoo Inc, plan to sell 320.1 million American depository shares in the $60-$66 per share price range, and is set to eclipse Visa Inc’s $19.7-billion IPO in 2008, the biggest US initial share sale till date.
Alibaba runs an e-commerce business, including a business-to-business portal by the same name. The shares will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange, under the symbol BABA.
According to Reserve Bank of India guidelines, resident Indians can remit up to $125,000 (Rs 75 lakh) per year abroad for investments in, among other things, stocks. 
Indians can invest in the Alibaba IPO via an overseas trading account and some brokerages also offer the facility to invest in various stocks traded on US stock
exchanges. Also, there are several mutual funds in India, which have dedicated funds investing in US-listed corporations.
While large clients, particularly in the US and Europe, usually get priority from US underwriters, Indian HNIs are making an effort to at least get some shares in the highly anticipated IPO.

Queen urges Scots to take care over voteCall to devolve powers to English cities
Buckingham Palace refused to elaborate, insisting the Queen was constitutionally impartial and above politics, but the No campaign privately welcomed the comment. Usually the Queen does not speak to well-wishers when going to and leaving the Sunday service.
David Beckham, former England football captain, lent his voice to the Better Together campaign, publishing an open letter in which he urged Scots to maintain the union that is “the envy of the entire world”. He used the 2012 Olympics, for which he was part of the team that secured London’s bid, as an example of Britain’s success.
“We worked together to bring the greatest sporting event of them all to our nation and I was thrilled to watch us competing together against the world,” he said, adding that he experienced equal joy seeing Scottish athletes win as he did the English ones.
David Cameron will emphasise the final, “once-and-for-all” nature of the vote in a speech in Scotland on Monday warning that a Yes vote would be permanent. “We must be very clear that there’s no going back from this,” he will say.
Alex Salmond likewise vowed that Scotland will not get a second chance to vote for independence for another generation. There would not be another such vote for at least another 18 years, he said, even if his Yes campaign for independence loses by a whisker in Thursday’s contest.
“This is a once in a generation opportunity, perhaps even a once in a lifetime opportunity for Scotland,” he said.
The comments may help to allay concerns that in the event of a No vote Mr Salmond would seek another mandate.
More video
A poll of Scottish companies for the Financial Times has found an overwhelmingly negative sentiment towards the prospect of independence, with 85 per cent of respondents saying they might move their corporate domicile to England.
Opinion polls over the weekend suggested the decision is still on a knife-edge with just four days to go before polling day.
Almost half of Scottish voters do not believe the promise from Westminster that Holyrood will win fresh new powers in the event of a No vote, according to a survey by Opinium .
Asked what their main concern would be if Scotland remained in the UK, 47 per cent said it was the Westminster parties not giving the Scottish Parliament more powers.
In depth

J&K floods: As flood waters recede  civic problems come to the fore#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #floods #army #indian air force #ndrf #rescue operation #civic problems #omar abdullah
Srinagar: The joint effort by the Army, Indian Air Force and National Defence Response Force have rescued 1,84,000 people in the flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir. But with the receding flood waters, civic problems have now come to the fore.
Stagnant water in the state may lead to an outbreak of water-borne diseases. The filth that has accumulated across the Valley, including carcasses of animals, along with lack of clean drinking water posed a serious challenge to health authorities which have issued advisories, rushed doctors, paramedics and medicines and were carrying out mass immunisation against measles. The Centre has also been sounded to dispatch more assistance.
Over 1 lakh people are still marooned in the worst floods witnessed by the state in six decades that has claimed over 200 lives.
One of the youngest victims of the floods was a new born baby, who died due to lack of medicines. Thousands of people across the state were in need of urgent medical attention.
Meanwhile, Srinagar continues to battle fuel shortages, defunct ATM machines and scanty medical supplies. The Srinagar Police have now restored its communications system in the flood-affected areas.
The Army and Border Roads Organisation said it could take at least four days to re-open the Jammu Srinagar Highway.
There has been a lot of anger against the administration as many believed that the Omar Abdullah government has failed to provide relief. The Chief Minister meanwhile, has urged people not to fall prey to rumour mongering.
Abdullah said, "Please don't go by the rumours. The death toll from drowning is less than 30. This is not the time to spread rumours and fear."
While the rescue efforts continue, the state's economy has been hit hard by the devastating floods. According to initial estimates of industry body Assocham, the floods have caused an immediate loss of Rs 5400-Rs 5700 crore to the state's economy.
The initial estimated loss to hotel, trade, agriculture, road and bridges itself is of Rs 2,630 crore. High-cost infrastructure like railways, power and communication have suffered a loss of about Rs 2700- Rs 3000 Crore.

IDFC raises Rs 1 000 crore from QIPYou are here: Home > Collections > Idfc
IDFC raises Rs 1,000 crore from QIP
PTI Sep 12, 2014, 09.33PM IST
Tags:
(Infrastructure financing…)
NEW DELHI: Infrastructure financing firm IDFC has raised Rs 1,000 crore from the qualified institutions placement ( QIP ).
The company has approved issuance of 7.3 crore shares at a price of Rs 137 per equity share aggregating to Rs 1,000.10 crore to qualified institutional buyers (QIBs).
Earlier on July 29, the shareholders of IDFC had allowed issuance of shares for up to Rs 2,000 crore to QIBs.
IDFC in April this year was granted an in-principle licence by the RBI to set up a commercial bank.
Shares of IDFC closed at Rs 149.05, down 0.67 per cent over previous close on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Money from cow slaughter racket funding terror: ManekaComments
Union minister Maneka Gandhi on Sunday expressed concern about India being the world's largest beef exporter and claimed that the money from illegal animal slaughter was used for perpetrating acts of terrorism.
Quoting a report submitted to Uttar Pradesh Police four years ago, Gandhi, who is also a noted animal rights activist and environmentalist, claimed that the money earned through illegal animal slaughtering was going into terrorism.
Video: Animal slaughter racket funding terror in India: Maneka Gandhi
"It is going into terrorism, it is going into bomb making. It is going into killing us. Why we are allowing this? It is a trade of Indians. Do not blame a particular community for this," she claimed.
"We are the largest beef exporters in the world and also killing them for leather production. We are actually killing more animals than China, it is appalling!" the minister for women and child development said during a valedictory lecture at the India for Animals conference in Jaipur.
Gandhi said while members of one community sell its livestock, another slaughters it in their slaughter houses and asked people not to link animal slaughter to a particular religion or community.
India is illegally exporting beef to Bangladesh and that country claims of exporting about 160,000 tonnes of beef. "But as a matter of fact they (Bangladesh) do not own a single cow," she said.
The minister called on NGOs, volunteers and civil society to join the 'save animals movement' and urged them to set up informer systems to sound an alarm to prevent such trade.
"Deer's meat is available at many places in Rajasthan, even in Dhani (hutments)...I get such information while sitting in Delhi. Every animal organ is illegally sold. Over 25,000 websites are full of illegal sale of animal organs," she said.
On a report published during the previous UPA government's regime stating that 80 per cent of milk in the country was "adulterated," Gandhi lamented, "we are drinking poison".
She asked NGOs and volunteers working for protection of animals to study the forest and wildlife acts properly and try to inform the municipal authorities about any animal cruelty.
Dissection of animals in school and college education has also stopped, she noted, adding Medical Council of India is also considering this ban.
Cosmetic research and animal experimentation needs to be contained in the growing Indian culture, the Union minister said.

Overseas Investors Pour in Rs 17 000 Crore in September so farYou are here: Home Market
Overseas Investors Pour in Rs 17,000 Crore in September so far
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 14, 2014 21:27 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Most in Nearly 5 Weeks on Fed, China Woes
New Delhi: Continuing to bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have pumped in a whopping Rs 17,000 crore in the Indian capital market since the beginning of this month.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs 6,665 crore ($1.1 billion) from September 1 to 12, while they infused a net amount of Rs 10,432 crore ($1.72 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs 17,098 crore ($2.8 billion), as per the latest official data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (foreign institutional investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country's securities market. That includes a net investment of Rs 85,000 crore in equities and Rs 1.12 lakh crore into the debt market.
FIIs, the main driver of the equity market, have helped push up the benchmark BSE Sensex up 1.58 per cent so far this month and the index is now moving above 27,000.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $204 billion, or Rs 9.88 lakh crore, in nearly 22 years.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and about $44 billion in debt markets.
From June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) to create a new investor category called FPI (foreign portfolio investor).
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 21:01 (IST)

LIC Investment in Equity Market to Cross Rs. 55 000 Crore in FY15You are here: Home Corporates
LIC Investment in Equity Market to Cross Rs 55,000 Crore in FY15
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 14, 2014 17:43 (IST)
Fair Trade Regulator Clears Zuari's Open Offer for Mangalore Chemicals Shareholders
New Delhi: Life Insurance Corporation, India's largest insurer, has lined up over Rs 55,000 crore for investment in the equity market in the current fiscal year (2014-15), a part of which will be used for picking up stakes in PSUs during the disinvestment process.
"We will invest a total of Rs 55,000 crore or even more in the equity market in the current fiscal," LIC chairman S K Roy told PTI.
Asked how much LIC has earmarked for the upcoming disinvestment, he said that Rs 55,000 crore "covers all" types of investment.
LIC had picked up stocks worth Rs 51,000 crore last fiscal year and investments were made across sectors.
The public sector insurer has been a key investor in the disinvestment programme of the government.
The government recently gave go ahead to disinvestment of its part stakes in ONGC, Coal India Ltd (CIL) and NHPC, which together may earn Rs 43,000 crore to the exchequer. It is also planning to sell 5 per cent stake in SAIL and 10 per cent each in RINL and HAL in FY15.
Mr Roy also informed LIC investment in the bond market may touch Rs 2.5 lakh crore in the fiscal ending March 2015. In FY15, the life insurer has raised its stakes in many public sector banks including United Bank of India, Central Bank of India and Bank of Maharashtra by picking up preferential shares.
Some more banks would make preferential allotment to LIC during course of the year.
During the first quarter ended June, LIC earned a total premium of Rs 14,016 crore, lower than Rs 14,295 crore in the corresponding period a year ago.
With a 75 per cent market share, LIC collected Rs 41,441 crore from individual premiums and Rs 48,682 crore in group premiums, aggregating to a total of Rs 90,124 crore.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 17:36 (IST)

SC to decide if Ranjit Sinha tried to influence cases being probed by CBI#ranjit sinha #2g scam #prashant bhushan #central bureau of investigation #cbi #supreme court
New Delhi: The Supreme Court will on Monday decide whether Central Bureau of Investigation director Ranjit Sinha tried to influence some of the cases being investigated by the agency and interfering with the 2G case. In an affidavit submitted to the Supreme Court, Sinha has said that he rejects the affidavit filed by the NGO Centre for Public Interest Litigation which has levelled allegations against him.
He accused the NGO of giving false evidence and making false allegations on oath. He also said that the Supreme Court should direct the registration of a case against CPIL for giving false evidence.
Sinha is accused of meeting case suspects in the high-profile 2G case by senior lawyer Prashant Bhushan, who represents the NGO. Sinha in his affidavit to the court said that communication between the CBI Director and Director of Prosecution is privileged and cannot be used without the consent of the CBI Director or Director of Prosecution.
In a sealed envelope, Sinha had filed an affidavit in the SC in response to the allegations made by Bhushan of interfering in the 2G scam probe. Bhushan had filed a petition in the SC seeking its direction to Sinha to rescue himself from investigation and prosecution in 2G case, alleging that he is trying to protect some influential accused in the scam.
Bhushan had also submitted the original entry/guest diary of the CBI director's residence saying it will be destroyed and hence he is depositing it with the court. To this, Sinha had asked the SC to disclose the source from which he got all the documents.

Sensex sheds 145 points in early tradeSensex plummets 244 points on disappointing IIP data, weak global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The Sensex and the Nifty plunged nearly one per cent at the closing session on Monday on heavy selling by funds and retail investors due to weak industrial production data and weak global cues.
Brokers said selling pressure emerged as the country’s industrial production growth slowed to a four-month low of 0.5 per cent in July but easing retail inflation to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July, and dip in WPI inflation to a five-year low of 5.74 per cent in August restricted the fall.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex plunged 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty fell 63.5 points to end at 8,042.
Among BSE sectoral indices, metal index fell the most by 1.69 per cent, oil & gas and IT 0.96 per cent each. On the other hand, healthcare index was up 0.41 per cent, followed by realty 0.18 per cent and infrastructure index 0.18 per cent.
Cipla, Hero MotoCorp, Dr Reddy's, HDFC Bank and Infosys were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were Hindalco, Tata Steel, SSLT, ONGC and Coal India.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head-Research Eastern Financiers, earlier in the day said in a report: "The markets are expected to start the week on a subdued note on the back of weak IIP data declared during the week-end. Although Consumer Price Index (CPI) was at a comfortable zone, markets would be keenly watching the Wholesale Price Inflation (WPI) data for August scheduled to be released on Monday. Further, stock-specific action could be seen after second instalment of advance tax payments by corporates start trickling in.''
European shares fell after disappointing macroeconomic data from China raised concerns about the pace of economic growth in the world's second-biggest economy.
Week-end data showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled, increasing fears that the world's second-largest economy may be at the risk of a sharp slowdown unless Beijing takes fresh stimulus measures.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slipped less than 0.1 per cent to 344.04 at 10.13 a.m. in London, paring losses of as much as 0.4 per cent.
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index retreated 0.6 per cent today for an eighth day of declines, its longest streak since January 2010. Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures fell 0.2 per cent.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Advance tax numbers  Fed review to dictate Sensex movementAdvance tax numbers, Fed review to dictate Sensex movement
Mahesh Nayak        Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 11:52 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
{mosimage}The US Federal Reserve policy review on interest rates on September 16 and 17 will dictate the course of stock market movement in India this week. All eyes will be on the Fed statement and its future course of action. On July 30, the Fed went according to its plan by cutting its monthly bond purchases by $10 billion to $25 billion.
The market has already discounted the $10 billion cut in bond purchases, but is more concerned about when the Fed is expected to increase interest rates in the US.
The US economy, since the Lehman Brothers crisis, has been standing on its feet due to the support of huge liquidity that has been pumped into the banking system by the Fed. Now is the real test for the US economy and it has to be seen whether, with the tapering, can the US continue to grow. The economic indicators are still giving mixed signals. The markets, however, have discounted that the increase in US interest rates could be around July 2015.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will closely watch the guidance given by the Fed when it announces its monetary policy on September 30. RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has already shown his concerns on the damage it could cause on the rise in interest rates in the US. Any increase in rates will see a huge outflow of money from emerging markets and that could have a major impact on currency and markets.
Meanwhile, advance tax payment by India Inc on Monday, September 15, will provide a trigger for the equity market, which is now in a consolidating phase after a sharp rally in the past few weeks. The advance tax numbers will also hint on the Q2 (July-September 2014) corporate earnings. Advance taxes are collected in four installments -15 per cent by June 15; 40 per cent by September 15; 75 per cent by December 15 and 100 per cent by March 15.
On Monday, the government will also announce the Wholesale Price Index inflation numbers for August 2014. In July, the WPI was at 5.19 per cent.

Diplomatic push grows against Islamic StategroupPrint
Iraq President Fouad Massoum, right, followed by Iraq Foreign Minister Ibrahim Al-Jaafari, left, arrive with Iraqi officials at Orly airport south of Paris, France, Sunday, Sept. 14, 2014 ahead of a conference with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, French President Francois Hollande and diplomats from around the world. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Paris | Posted: September 15, 2014 9:31 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 4:22 pm
The leaders of France and Iraq Monday urged swift action against Islamic State militants, with President Francois Hollande warning there was “no time to lose” as he opened an international conference to shore up an anti-jihadist coalition.
“The fight of the Iraqis against terrorism is our fight as well,” Hollande told representatives from around 30 countries and organisations, urging “clear, loyal and strong” global support for Iraq.
Iraqi President Fuad Masum also stressed the urgency of firm action, as the beheading of a third Western hostage in the run-up to the conference stepped up the pressure on the international community to destroy the Islamic State (IS) extremist group.
“They need to act quickly because if there is a delay, if this campaign and this support for Iraq is delayed, maybe Daesh will occupy other territories and their threat will be even bigger,” said Masum, using an alternative name for IS.
“We are still asking for regular aerial operations against terrorist sites. We have to pursue them wherever they are. We need to dry up their sources of finance,” added the Iraqi leader.
As if to underscore the urgency of the campaign, France announced just hours ahead of the conference that it was joining Britain in carrying out reconnaissance flights in support of the US air campaign against the jihadists.
“This very morning, the first reconnaissance flights will be carried out in agreement with the Iraqi and Emiratiauthorities,” Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told French troops, including pilots, at the Al-Dhafra base in the United Arab Emirates.
Shortly afterwards, two French Rafale fighter jets took off from the base, an AFP correspondent reported.
During the conference, US Secretary of State John Kerry will seek to fine-tune the strategy of the US-led coalition against IS, following a marathon tour through the Middle East to drum up support.
He told CBS’s Face the Nation that “all bases were covered” in the coalition with some allies offering air strikes and others boots on the ground.
He stressed however that “we are not looking for that at this moment anyway.”
“Every single aspect of the president’s strategy, and what is needed to be done in order to accomplish our goal, has been offered by one country or multiple countries, and all bases are covered,” Kerry said.

Sensex under pressure  slips below 27 000; RIL  L&T top losersSensex slips below 27,000, down over 200 points; RIL among top Sensex loser
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 15 Sep, 2014, 09.39AM IST
Sensex slips below 27,000; RIL, L&T top losers
Sensex slips below 27,000; RIL, L&T top losers
50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8100, weighed down by losses in banks, capital goods, IT, metal and oil & gas stocks. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 237 points in trade on Monday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. The fall in the index was led by losses in RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank, SBI and ITC.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8100, weighed down by losses in banks, capital goods , IT, metal and oil & gas stocks.
At 09:30 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,864, down 196 points or 0.73 per cent. It touched a high of 26,998.07 and a low of 26,824.27 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,033 down 72 points or 0.89 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,077.30 and a low of 8032.95.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 0.49 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged lower by 0.13 per cent.
Cipla (up 2 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.84 per cent) and Sun Pharma (up 0.52 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
GAIL (down 1.6 per cent), Tata Steel (down 1.7 per cent), Hindalco (down 2 per cent), BHEL (down 1.5 per cent) and HDFC (down 1.4 per cent) were the major index losers.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

BJP recasts terms with alliesNEW DELHI, September 15, 2014
Updated: September 15, 2014 01:37 IST
BJP recasts terms with allies
Varghese K. George
— Photo: Special Arrangement BJP president Amit Shah with Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray in Mumbai recently. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOPICS
election
Toughness with Sena indicative of shift
The Bharatiya Janata Party’s tough handling of its oldest ally, the Shiv Sena in Maharashtra, is indicative of the party’s confidence and a new approach towards its partners, said party functionaries who did not want to be identified.
The BJP is apparently in no mood to concede the Shiv Sena’s demand that its leader Uddhav Thackeray be announced as the Chief Minister candidate in the State. “There will be no Chief Minister candidate in Maharashtra and Haryana,” said a party leader.
The BJP’s eagerness to woo allies ahead of the Lok Sabha elections has now been replaced with resoluteness in dealing with them as developments in election-bound States indicate. The party has cold-shouldered Kuldip Bishnoi’s Haryana Janhit Congress (HJC), deciding to contest alone.

Meenmutty falls in Kerala out of tourism mapUpdated: September 15, 2014 09:49 IST
Meenmutty falls in Kerala out of tourism map
E. M. Manoj
The Hindu Meenmutthy waterfalls in Kerala
The water falls from a height of 984 ft. and is the second largest in the State.
The Meenmutty waterfalls, the second largest in the State, is vanishing from the tourism map.
The falls is nestled in the greenery of the Mepadi forest range, under the South Wayanad forest division, at Chitragiri on the Kerala-Tamil Nadu border. It was a major attraction, especially for adventure-seekers, till two years ago.
Three years ago, the Forest Department had set up a permanent ticket counter and constituted a forest protection committee to manage the day-to-day affairs of the destination.
The Additional District Magistrate (ADM) directed the department to close the destination in 2012 owing to protests by a section of the residents.
The water falls in three levels, from a height of 984 ft. The view is breathtaking and the flow attains fierce strength during monsoon. There is a good flow for nearly eight months, people of the area say.
Adventure-seekers used to do a two-km trek through the forest. The entry point was on the Kozhikode-Ooty interstate highway.
Earlier, the falls was visible in toto from the Neelimala viewpoint, near Chitragiri. This spot was closed by the department due to security reasons.
The department had asked the district administration to take steps to allow visitors to the site. No steps have been taken yet, Forest sources say.
The Neelimala viewpoint is a ‘prohibited area’ and the government is yet to take any action to promote it as a tourism destination, they say.

Sensex falls over 100 pts on weak global cues; SBI & RIL dipSep 15, 2014, 10.08 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex slips over 200 pts; Cipla gains 3%, HDFC weak
GAIL, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, SBI, Reliance fall around 1 percent. Cipla, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Wipro and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex slips over 200 pts; Cipla gains 3%, HDFC weak
GAIL, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, SBI, Reliance fall around 1 percent. Cipla, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Wipro and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
Live Market Commentary
9:50 am Market check: Global cues continue to drag Indian benchmark indices. The Sensex is down 238.76 points at 26822.28 and the Nifty slips 71.55 points at 8033.95. About 956 shares have advanced, 1094 shares declined, and 65 shares are unchanged.
Hindalco, Tata Steel, GAIL, M&M and HDFC are major laggards whlile healthcare stocks are holding up with Cipla, Dr Reddy's Labs and Sun Pharma as major gainers in the Sensex.
9:40 am FII view: Mahesh Nandurkar, CLSA says India is the best performing emerging market this year and the coming festive season should be a barometer of its economic recovery.
“Note that autos, cement and power are already showing signs of improvement. We like domestic cyclical recovery plays such as banks, autos and cement. Among exporters, we prefer IT,” he adds.
Prabhat Awasthi, Nomura says a stronger dollar, driven by expectations of divergent monetary policies of the Fed and other major developed world central banks is positive for Indian equities on an overall basis.
Historically, broad dollar strength typically begins 6-9 months ahead of a rate tightening cycle, a phase we believe India is now entering, he adds.
9:30 am Buzzing: Shares of Fortis Healthcare are locked at 10 percent upper circuit, hitting Rs 134 per share intraday (three-year high). Investors are euphoric as its Singapore subsidiary sold its entire stake in RadLink-Asia SGD 137 million to Medi-Rad Associates (Medi-Rad).
Brokerages are bullish on it post the divestment. Macquarie maintains an outperform rating on the stock with target of Rs 140, stating that divestment in remaining international business would make it almost debt-free. After exiting from RadLink, net debt of Fortis is likely to fall to Rs 400 crore, significantly down from a peak of Rs 7000 crore at the start of FY13.
With a buy rating and a target of Rs 170 per share, Citi says that the move reiterates Fortis' focus on its Indian operations as International assets now contribute less than 2 percent to revenues and all its profits come from the Indian business.
 Don't miss: Brent crude near 2-yr low: Top oil stocks to buy and sell now 
The market has started to slide in opening itself on weak global cues. The Sensex is down 127.53 points at 26933.51, and the Nifty slips 35.15 points at 8070.35. About 458 shares have advanced, 369 shares declined, and 38 shares are unchanged.
GAIL, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, SBI, Reliance fall around 1 percent. Cipla, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Wipro and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers in the Sensex.
The Indian rupee slipped in early trade. It has opened lower by 27 paise at 60.92 per dollar against 60.65 Friday.In the currency markets, the dollar is flat against the yen, near a six-year peak. The euro is also steady at 1.29 to the dollar.
Agam Gupta of Standard Chartered said, "The FOMC meet this week could take a hawkish tone and will continue to play on the market sentiment. The rupee is likely to trade in the range of 60.75-61.15/dollar for the day."
In what came as a double whammy for the economy, retail inflation slowed only marginally coming in at 7.8 percent for August due to a spike in food prices. Growth too is crawling with the industrial production in July growing by a mere 0.5 percent.
Asian markets are in the red over weak Chinese data- August industrial output rose 6.9 percent on year, its slowest pace since 2008, while fixed-asset investment and retail sales both missed forecasts. However, overall trading volumes are light with Japan being closed for a holiday.Over the weekend, china released a raft of data that raised concerns about a weakening economy.
In other asset classes, the big news continues to be the slide of Brent Crude prices.Brent has now slipped below the USD 97 dollars per barrel mark pressured by a strong dollar, weak demand and ample supplies. The oil is its weakest in two years.
However, no relief seems to be in place for gold either in the commodity space. It has dropped to fresh eight-month lows on fears that the Fed may signal an early interest rate hike at this week's policy meeting, while the strength in the dollar and weak physical demand also weighed on bullion.
RELATED NEWS

Goenka Diamond s board meeting on Sept 16  2014Sep 15, 2014, 09.20 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Goenka Diamond's board meeting on Sept 16, 2014
Goenka Diamond & Jewels Ltd has informed BSE regarding the corrigendum to the intimation of the Board meeting to be held on September 16 2014, dated September 09, 2014. This corrigendum is to include the agenda for appointment of Independent Director(s) as Additional Director(s).
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Goenka Diamond's board meeting on Sept 16, 2014
Goenka Diamond & Jewels Ltd has informed BSE regarding the corrigendum to the intimation of the Board meeting to be held on September 16 2014, dated September 09, 2014. This corrigendum is to include the agenda for appointment of Independent Director(s) as Additional Director(s).
Post your opinion here
 
Goenka Diamond & Jewels Ltd has informed BSE regarding the corrigendum to the intimation of the Board meeting to be held on September 16 2014, dated September 09, 2014. This corrigendum is to include the agenda for appointment of Independent Director(s) as Additional Director(s).Source : BSE

Nifty below 8 050 mark; Metal stocks dragSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 10:25 AM IST
Sensex below 27,000; Hindalco, GAIL top losers
The Sensex is lower by 203 points at 26,858 mark and the Nifty has slipped by 57 points at 8,049 mark.
Markets continue to trade weak in the morning trades weighed down by Index heavy weights HDFC, ITC, RIL and Infosys contributing nearly 100 points to the decline on the 30-share index.
 
By 10.25 AM, the Sensex is lower by 203 points at 26,858 mark and the Nifty has slipped by 57 points at 8,049 mark.
 
Among the broader markets, BSE Mid-cap index is trading lower is down 0.3% while BSE SMallcap index is trading flat with a negative bias.
 
The market breadth in BSE is slightly positive with 1,199 shares declining and 1,159 shares advancing.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee depreciated by 32 paise to 60.97 against the US dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange due to increased demand for the US currency from importers amid a weak opening in the domestic equity market.
 
Buzzing Stocks:
 
Cipla has rallied 3% to Rs 631, also its record high on National Stock Exchange (NSE) in otherwise weak market aunched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair. Also, Surajit Pal analyst at Prabhudas Lilladher recommended a ‘buy’ rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 643.
 
Shares of Bajaj Electricals were up over 4% at Rs 290 after the company said it has bagged two orders worth Rs 518.46 crore.
 
Fortis Healthcare has surged 10% to Rs 134 after the company said decided to divest entire stake in healthcare service provider RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for SGD 137 million (over Rs 655 crore).
 
Yes Bank has dipped nearly 3% at Rs 616 in early morning deals on NSE after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said the foreign investors will need the central bank's approval to buy additional equity in the private sector lender.
______________________________________________________________
(updated at 9.38 AM)
Markets have opened lower amid weak global cues and weak industrial growth in July. Further, investors have turned cautious ahead of the Inflation data based on wholesale price index (WPI) for August which is expected to be released later during the day.
 
By 9.38 AM, the Sensex is lower by 232 points at 26,829 mark and the Nifty has slipped by 70 points at 8,036 mark.
 
Among the broader markets, BSE Mid-cap index is trading in line with the large counterparts and is down 0.5% BSE SMallcap index is trading flat with a negative bias.
 
The market breadth in BSE is slightly positive with 543 shares declining and 573 shares advancing.
Investors will look to Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting for fresh guidance on US interest rates. A policy meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) will be held on 16 and 17 September 2014.
 
Domestic data showing sharp drop in growth industrial production in July 2014 compared with previous month have weighed on the investor sentiment. However, inflation based on the combined consumer price indices (CPI) for urban and rural India moderated in August 2014.
 
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours on Friday, 12 September 2014, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 182.80 crore on that day.
 
Global Market:
 
US markets ended lower on Friday weighed down by profit taking in shares of energy companies tracking weakness in crude oil prices. Meanwhile, the US Federal Reserve will hold its two-day policy meet starting Tuesday. Further, encouraging US retail sales and consumer sentiment data on Friday raised concerns that the Federal Bank could raise interest rates sooner than expected.
 
The Dow Jone ended down 61 points at 16,987.51, the S&P 500 slipped 12 points at 1,985.54 and tech-laden Nasdaq closed 24 points lower at 4,567.60.
 
Asian markets are trading lower because of weak data from China and tracking losses on Wall Street on Friday. China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years. In August Industrial output rose 6.9 per cent as compared to the corresponding period last year, the lowest since 2008. Meanwhile, markets in Japan are closed on Monday on account of public holiday.
 
China's Shanghai Composite is down 0.3%, Singapore's Straits Times is down 0.3% and Hang Seng is sharply lower by 0.8%.
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, barring Healthcare index, all lother indices are trading in the negative territory. BSE Metal index is the biggest loser down nearly 1% followed by IT, Auto, FMCG, Power, Realty and Oil & Gas indices down between 0.5-1%. Bankex is down 0.7%.
 
Metal stocks are losing sheen in the early trades on the back of weak Chinese economic data.  China is the world's largest consumer of steel, copper and aluminum. Tata Steel, Hindalco, Sesa Sterlite and Coal India have lost between 0.5-2%.
 
Index heavyweights ITC, Infosys and RIL are contributing the most to the decline on the 30-share Index.
 
Engineering Conglomerate L&T and BHEL have slipped by 1% each.
 
In the Oil and Gas space, GAIL is down nearly 2% and is the biggest loser of this hour. ONGC has declined by 1%.
 
In the Auto space, M&M, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki and Tata Motors have dipped between 0.8-1.5%.
 
SBI, Bharti Airtel and Tata Power are some of the notable names in red among others.
 
On the flip side, fresh buying is evident in the healthcare space. Cipla, DR Reddy’s lab and Sun Pharma have gained between 0.5-2.5%.
 

Difference between B2B and B2C to die soon  says Brijesh AgrawalTaslima Khan      Follow @KhanTaslima    Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 11:03 IST
Brijesh Agrawal, co-founder and director, IndiaMART InterMESH,
Brijesh Agrawal, co-founder and director, IndiaMART InterMESH, spoke to Business Today's Taslima Khan on the launch of Tolexo, a marketplace that enable SMEs to sell besides listing their products.
Q. When was Tolexo launched?
A. The beta version was launched about a month ago, and we have been serving more than 150 plus customers. We have about 50,000 products available on the platform. We plan to take it to a million products in a year's time. We will leverage the IndiaMART platform, which has 1.5 million SMEs listed and we will be onboarding them.
Q. What has been the response so far?
A. The first few days have been exciting. We have already processed about 150 orders in the past three weeks, purely through sending out mailers to our existing customer base. We are going fairly aggressive with our customer acquisition and merchant acquisition platform. In the next three months, we should be probably doing about $100 a day.
Q. How did the idea for such a platform come about?
A. All the while IndiaMART has been focussed on what do we do to make these small and medium-sized businesses grow. The IndiaMART platform was essentially to help them reach out to potential buyers and get connected with them. That is what we started off with. We believe that we can make them grow further if we help them get connected with buyers and also help them place an order and buy the product. Most of these businesses stop growing because they don't have enough pipeline of orders. Most of these small businesses would be typically between Rs 4 crore and Rs 10 crore in size. They stop growing beyond that level because they cannot invest into people or brands. Quality is not the problem. Products from a large number of SMEs are great. Such a platform will help build their brand when users buy their products and post reviews.
Q. How will the platform work?
A. It will be exactly as Snapdea l. Sellers can list their products on Tolexo. Users can compare prices and reviews, and buy online. There won't be a listing fee. We will only get a cut on the actual sales made. We will take care of the complete user experience after the sales until the product is delivered. For deliveries we have partnered with FedEx, BlueDart, Delhivery and others. Sellers can choose to keep their goods in our warehouse or get the product get picked up from his premises.
Q. Globally which is the model you are trying to emulate?
A. We are following AmazonSupply, which is chasing a huge market in the US.
Q. This will be for both businesses and consumers?
A. This whole ecommerce movement, which started as a consumer movement, will be adopted by businesses big time. The distinction between B2B and B2C is going to die very soon. For buying consumables and supplies, which are very standardised products, businesses will like to buy online. The market for consumables and supplies or standardised products, which include hand tools, drill machines, screw drivers, office supplies, etc. is more than $100 billion in India itself, which is all offline. Tolexo will have millions of standard consumables and supplies. These are products wherein specifications are standardised and they don't change across brands. We don't have an organized form of retailing to get such products. They are only available in small hardware shops. For now we are staying away from core raw materials like cement.
Q. How will that help small companies in marketing or branding?
A. There may be a thousand makers of spectacle frames, for instance, in India and bigger brands obviously score in terms of brands preference. But preference is primarily on the basis of trust. If the trust factor can be built with these smaller companies, over time they will become brands themselves.
Q. Has IndiaMArt raised funding?
A. We bootstrapped for the first 12 years from 1996 to 2008. In 2008, we raised $10 million from Intel Capital. That is the only capital we raised and it is still in the bank. We have been profitable ever since. But capital comes in handy when we want to do an acquisition or we want to do a large marketing exercise. We took it at that time sensing potential threats from competition. However, we were able to beat them. Essentially it was Alibaba that was entering India at that point of time. We wanted to be sufficiently capitalized, so that we do not lose out on that fight.

BAZAAR CORPORATE RADARRoberts continues to be overweight on India and is quite confident that the market hasn't finished its bull run and there is a lot of potential to take it to a much higher level....
Source : CNBC-TV18
Share this video with Friends
Most Watched Videos

BSE Sensex snaps 3-day losing trend  reclaims 27 000-markPrint
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 12, 2014 4:14 pm | Updated: September 12, 2014 4:37 pm
Snapping a three-day losing trend, Sensex today rose 65 points to reclaim 27,000-mark and Nifty gained 20 points to end above 8,100-level led by jump in Cipla, ITC, HDFC shares ahead of industrial output and retail inflation data releases.
The BSE 30-share barometer resumed higher and moved side-ways in a range of over 100 points before ending at 27,061.04 — a rise of 65.17 points, or 0.24 per cent. It had lost almost 324 points in previous three sessions on caution due to worries over early Fed rate hikes, among others.
On a weekly basis, Sensex logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up 34.30 points.
The 50-issue NSE Nifty reclaimed 8,100 level by recovering 19.80 points, or 0.24 per cent, to end at 8,105.50. It had shed over 88 points in previous three days.
On a weekly basis, Nifty also logged its fifth straight rise as it inched up nearly 19 points.
Government is scheduled to release Industrial Production (IIP) data for July and inflation based on consumer price index (CPI) for August 2014 after market hours later today.
The rebound in benchmark indices was led by Cipla, Bharti Airtel, M&M, HDFC, HDFC Bank, HUL, ITC, SBI, Sesa Sterlite and TCS. Overall, 16 counters gained in the 30-scrip index.
Laggards included Hindalco, Sun Pharma, RIL, NTPC, L&T, Infosys, ICICI Bank, CIL, Dr Reddy, BHEL and Tata Power.
Smallcap and midcaps continued their upward journey. The BSE Midcap index gained 0.20 per cent and Smallcap index rose 0.50 per cent on sustained retail investor interest.
Meanwhile, Snowman Logistics made a stellar debut on the NSE with shares surging nearly 70 per cent. Sector-wise, the BSE Healthare Index gained the most by rising 0.74 per cent, followed by Consumer Durables index (0.72 per cent), Auto index (0.64 per cent), FMCG index (0.54 per cent) and Banking index (0.29 per cent).
Globally, Asian indices ended mixed. Europe barometers opened up ahead of a meeting of euro-area finance ministers.
Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 433.55 crore yesterday, as per provisional data.

Industrial output growth slows to 0.5% in JulyIndustrial output growth slows down to 0.5 per cent for July
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 19:08 IST
Manufacturing - which constitutes over 75 per cent of the index, contracted 1 per cent in July(Photo: Reuters)
Industrial production growth fell to a four-month low of 0.5 per cent in July, led by a decline in manufacturing output and lower offtake of consumer durables, dashing hopes of recovery .
The factory output, as measured by the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), had grown by 2.6 per cent in July, 2013.
Additionally, according to data released by the Central Statistics Office (CSO), IIP for June has been revised upwards to 3.9 per cent from the provisional estimates of 3.4 per cent released in August.
During the April-July period of the 2014-15 fiscal, IIP has recorded 3.3 per cent growth, as against contraction of 0.1 per cent in the same period of 2013-14.
According to the IIP data, manufacturing - which constitutes over 75 per cent of the index, contracted 1 per cent in July, compared to 3 per cent growth in output a year ago. For April-July, the sector has grown at 2.3 per cent, compared to 0.1 per cent contraction in the year-ago period.
The consumer goods output contracted by 7.4 per cent in July compared, to 0.7 per cent contraction logged a year ago.
For April-July, the segment shows a contraction of 4.5 per cent, compared to a decline of 1.8 per cent in the same period of 2013-14.
The consumer durables segment declined by 20.9 per cent in July, as against a dip of 9.6 per cent a year ago. For April-July, it declined 12.5 per cent as against a dip of 11.9 per cent in the four month period of last fiscal.
Consumer non-durable goods output grew at 2.9 per cent in July, compared to 7.4 per cent in same month last year. During April-July, the segment has grown at 1.3 per cent compared to 7.2 per cent in same period last fiscal.
Overall, 12 of the 22 industry groups in manufacturing showed positive growth in July.
According to the data released by CSO, production of capital goods, a barometer of demand, contracted by 3.8 per cent in July, in sharp contrast to a growth of 15.9 per cent in same month of last year.
For the April-July period, the capital goods output has grown by 8.5 per cent, compared to 1.4 per cent in the first four months period of 2013-14.
The mining sector grew by 2.1 per cent in July as against a dip of 3 per a year ago. For April-July, the segment grew by 2.8 per cent, compared to decline in production by 4.3 per cent in the year-ago period.
Power generation increased by 11.7 per cent in July as compared to 5.2 per cent growth a year ago. In April-July, power output grew by 11.4 per cent compared to a growth of 3.9 per cent in the same period a year-ago.
Output of intermediate goods expanded 2.6 per cent in July, compared to 3.2 per cent a year ago. For April-July the output has grown by 2.8 per cent, compared to 2.1 per cent growth in the first four months of last fiscal.
Output of basic goods grew 7.6 per cent in July, against a growth of 1 per cent a year ago. For April-July, the segment has grown by 8.1 per cent compared to 0.1 per cent in the same period of 2013-14.

SC rejects request to protect 46 coal blocks from cancellationSC rejects request to protect 46 coal blocks from cancellation
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 13, 2014
First Published: 01:15 IST(13/9/2014) | Last Updated: 02:59 IST(13/9/2014)
Comments
The Supreme Court on Friday turned down Sponge Iron Manufacturers Association’s (SIMA) request to consider its proposal to safeguard investments in case the court cancelled allocations of 218 coal blocks, declared illegal by it on August 25.
A bench headed by Chief Justice RM Lodha declined to accept the written proposal brought by SIMA in which its members agreed to pay a sum or Rs. 295 per metric tonne as suggested by the Centre, for exemption of 46 blocks that were mining or about to start operations, to save the allocation of all the mines.
Senior counsel Abhishek Manu Singhvi mentioned the matter before the bench, but failed to convince it to take the proposal on board. Appearing for a captive user, senior advocate Dushyant Dave also urged the court to consider the proposal.
SC had on September 9 reserved its verdict on the future of the 218 blocks, after all the stake holders put forth their arguments. Contending the natural consequence of the judgment was cancellation of all the blocks, SIMA sought protection for the 46 blocks. Attorney General Mukul Rohatgi had said in court previously that if the blocks were cancelled, they would be auctioned.
Coal Producers’ Association, SIMA and power-producing companies opposed the Centre’s contention, demanding constitution of a committee that could hear each allottee before suggesting a future course of action. They even contested the Centre’s advice to penalise the 46 at the cost of Rs. 295 per tonne, saying they had done no wrong.

Govt to roll out 2 lakh-cr infra projects this year  says GadkariComments
The government on Friday said it would implement infrastructure projects worth Rs. 2 lakh crore this year to underline the priority of the sector in the overall economy. This comes on the back of fast-tracking a tranche of highway projects worth Rs. 1.5 lakh crore that were stuck on account of various regulatory hurdles.
"We are fast-tracking the decision-making process and weeding out corruption and red-tapism from government functioning besides introducing innovation," said Nitin Gadkari, minister for road transport and highways.
"We have cleared bottlenecks. It is easy to construct express highways but difficult to get environment clearance. We have cleared projects worth Rs. 1.5 lakh crore. This year we will launch projects worth Rs. 2 lakh crore."
Bulks of the funds would be used for either building new highways or widening existing ones in order to keep pace with the needs of a growing economy. Gadkari said his he was also looking to build 200,000 km of roads under the public-private-partnership mode that includes widening of existing 100,000 km of highways.
Exhorting the domestic industry to invest more and generate employment, he asked car makers to be prepared for change in the form of a new Motor Vehicles legislation that would replace the decadent existing act.
The new legislation would be put on the ministry's website on Saturday and is expected to be passed in Parliament in the winter session.

PSU banks likely to review all debt restructuring casesPSU banks likely to review all debt restructuring cases
Mahua Venkatesh , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 13, 2014
First Published: 01:17 IST(13/9/2014) | Last Updated: 01:26 IST(13/9/2014)
Comments
Public sector banks are likely to examine all cases of corporate debt restructuring (CDR) in the wake of rising non-performing asset (NPA) levels at different state-run lenders and to ensure that such cases of recast were done for genuine reasons.
Alarmed by the rise in discrepancies and frauds, the government has also directed banks to closely monitor these accounts, fearing that a chunk of it could turn unproductive with the slowdown in the economy.
Under CDR, bankers extend the loan repayment period, cut lending rates, offer a repayment holiday and sometimes forego a part of the money owed to them.
Banks restructured over Rs. 75,000 crore loans under the CDR scheme in 2013-14, nearly double the level in the previous fiscal. However, lenders still fear that a large chunk of this amount could turn unproductive for them.
"The exercise may be undertaken to ensure that restructuring of debt in companies were done for genuine reasons and that there have been no favours given," a senior government official said.
Banks have also decided to ask promoters of companies seeking corporate debt restructuring for a list of personal assets, which will be charged to the lending banks to ensure that banks have sufficient collateral to cover their loans in case of defaults.
"It needs to be seen that only genuine cases were taken up for the CDR exercise and no wilful defaulter has got away in the process," the official said.
The government has also asked banks to be cautious while undertaking CDR exercise.
ABG Shipyard had in March worked out a Rs. 10,000-crore debt recast deal. The company will receive Rs. 650 crore infusion from lenders by this month-end, making it the second biggest loan recast in recent times after the Rs. 13,500-crore revamp of construction major Gammon India in July 2013.

J&K floods: How sluicegate of troubles opened in valleyMohammad Abdullah
(Heedless development and…)
As efforts are on to grapple with the fury of the flood, the question uppermost on everyone's mind is why Kashmir failed to manage slightly more than 100,000 cusecs of water.
Minor floods have been as routine an occurrence in Kashmir as the change of seasons. Jhelum river exhibits its ferocious face almost every year when it drains massive loads of water from the hills in south Kashmir. Engineers at the state's Irrigation and Flood Control (IFC) department say Kashmir has a flood cycle of 55 years and "great floods" have been recorded in 1893, 1903, 1957 and 1992, with each inflicting massive losses.
However, this flood has caused more devastation than any other in the past and ruined Kashmir, mostly Srinagar city, the heart of the valley. Engineers and planners say successive governments in the state failed miserably on five major counts.
Choked Channels
When Srinagar is wrongly referred to as Venice of the East, the fundamental parameter for the comparison is the arterial network of the Jhelum in Srinagar city, a crisscross of channels between various lakes and marshes. Over time, some of the major channels got choked and their water retention capacity greatly reduced.
Among them is the nullah mar, which is now a shopping line from Khanyar to Chattabal. One of the biggest water channels linking the main river, Dal lake, a couple of small lagoons and smaller channels, this was the biggest exit route for the excess discharge of Jhelum. It was filled up during the reign of Sheikh Mohammad Abdullah after his return to power in 1975 and was converted into a road, now the main venue of frequent clashes between the cops and restive youth. Engineers say this was the worst policy failure in the water management in the city that paved way for bigger blunders in the subsequent years.
Flood Basins Busted
Srinagar survived floods easily with excess discharge occupying the vast basins it once had around its serpentine track in the city. But this time when the water reached these basins, they had all long turned into posh habitations in the city - Rajbagh, Jawahar Nagar, Mehjoor Nagar, Gulbarga Colony, Nowgam, Tengpora, Pir Bagh and Bemina. Mostly marshes, these worstaffected localities have so high water table that in summer it requires barely 1.5 metres to bore a well.
Of late, the state government has invested heavily in creating infrastructure in these basins. In Bemina, which is still under neck-deep water, for instance, the government has about a dozen institutions and housing facilities for its workers. "Policy-makers had ignored floods so callously that in the master plan the flood basins are not marked," said a senior officer in the state government.
Odd Infrastructure
Among the factors that contributed to the destruction were the two pieces of communication infrastructure built quite recently: the railway track and the upcoming alternative highway passing through the middle of apple orchards and the saffron fields. The railway track that connects Qazigund and Baramulla through Anantnag, Pulwama, Srinagar and Budgam slices the valley into two parts - the upper Kashmir and the lower Kashmir.
  While the railway engineers kept small ducts for petty steams to stay connected under the track, there is no adequate connectivity for water between the two sides. Although the water levels are receding in most of central Kashmir, there are belts on the upper side of the railway divide where water levels remain unchanged due to lack of connectivity. The same is true of Srinagar bypass, built on a marsh, where water levels remained two-storey high between Nowgam and Lasjan on Friday.
Delayed Dredging
After the "great" flood of 1903, the British insisted on a substantial flood management plan for Kashmir. This led to creation of a 41.70 km long flood spill channel that would take off with 17,500 cusecs of discharge from river upstream of the city and rejoin the river after bypassing Srinagar.
Another measure to be approved was dredging out major part of the silt, reducing the velocity of Jhelum after it leaves Wullar lake in Baramulla. Successive governments have, however, ignored this important aspect of preparedness for floods.
Caught on the Wrong Foot
Kashmir failed to prove equal to the magnitude of the calamity also because of a serious dearth of basic infrastructure. There are just about 3,000 shikaras, 1,000 odd houseboats and not more than 10 motorised boats in Srinagar. Despite being flood prone, Jammu & Kashmir is among the few states that lack a flood warning system. Srinagar might outnumber all other states in bulletproof vests, but there may not be even 100 life-saving jackets.
All these issues added up to create a situation that, according to Chief Minister Omar Abdullah's own admissions, led to a lack of government in the state for 36 hours. Even on Friday, the government remained invisible barring two choppers that the state owns. The police control room, police headquarters, Kashmir headquarters and district police lines - the key institutions that handle crises - were still submerged.
J&K's inability to create a robust disaster management force, despite availability of adequate funds, remains among its key failures especially after the October 2005 earthquake that flattened the areas straddling the Line of Control.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Jammu-Srinagar national highway remains closed for 10th dayBorder Roads Organisation
(Traffic was suspended on…)
JAMMU: The Jammu-Srinagar National Highway remained closed for the tenth consecutive day today due to landslides and sinking of road at various places, with hundreds of vehicles stranded on the route.
The traffic was suspended on the 300-km long crucial road link due to landslides, washing of road patches and flooding at various places on September 4.
Hundreds of passenger and commercial vehicles were stranded on the highway at various place in Banihal, Ramban, Batote, Kud, Patnitop, Chenani, Udhampur and Jammu due to closure of the road, police officials said.
The Border Roads Organisation (BRO) has intensified operations to clear the Highway as soon as possible, they said, adding BRO pressed into service its men and machines and launched a massive clearance and repair operation to reopen the Highway for traffic.
Authorities were focusing on reopening of the Highway so that more rescue material could reach Kashmir by road.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold price falls on subdued demand  global cuesGold price falls for third day on subdued demand, global cues
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 13, 2014  | 17:28 IST
Falling for the third day in a row, gold prices shed another Rs 45 to Rs 27,370 per 10 gram in the national capital on Saturday on easing demand from jewellers and retailers amid a weakening global trend.
Silver followed suit and declined by Rs 50 to Rs 41,250 per kg on lack of buying support from industrial units and coin makers.
Bullion merchants said slackened demand from jewellers and retailers in view of ongoing "Sharads", considered to be inauspicious 15-day period by some for new purchases, weighed on gold and silver prices.
They said a weakening global trend, where gold fell to 8- month low, also dampened the sentiment.
Gold in New York, which normally set price trend on the domestic front, shed 0.6 per cent to $1,231.50 an ounce, after touching $1,228.10, the lowest since January 10.
Silver dropped to $18.45, the lowest since June 2013.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell by Rs 45 each to Rs 27,370 and Rs 27,170 per 10 gram, respectively. It had lost Rs 385 in last two days.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 24,400 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
In line with a general weak trend, silver ready traded lower by Rs 50 to Rs 41,250 per kg, while weekly-based delivery recovered by Rs 100 to Rs 41,300 per kg on speculators buying. The white metal had lost Rs 870 in the previous two sessions.
Silver coins, however, continued to be asked at the previous level of Rs 71,000 for buying and Rs 72,000 for selling of 100 pieces.

Indias Arctic observatory to aid climate change studiesUpdated: September 13, 2014 16:16 IST
India’s Arctic observatory to aid climate change studies
T. Nandakumar
The Hindu IndARC being deployed in Kongsfjorden from the Norwegian research vessel RV Lance. Photo: Special Arrangement
TOPICS
environmental issues
Will help understand influences on monsoon system
Deep in the frigid waters of the Arctic Ocean, an Indian observatory is quietly churning out data that is expected to help scientists understand the Arctic climate process and its influence on the Indian monsoon system.
The deployment of IndARC, the country’s first underwater moored observatory in the Kongsfjorden fjord, half way between Norway and the North Pole, represents a major milestone in India’s scientific endeavours in the Arctic region, says Shailesh Nayak, Secretary, Ministry of Earth Sciences.
Designed and developed by scientists from the Earth System Science Organisation (ESSO), National Centre for Antarctic and Ocean Research (NCAOR), National Institute of Ocean Technology (NIOT) and Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS), IndARC was deployed from RV Lance, a research vessel belonging to the Norwegian Polar Institute on July 23.
The observatory is anchored at a depth of 192 m and has an array of 10 state-of-the-art oceanographic sensors strategically positioned at various depths in the water. Speaking to The Hindu during a recent visit to the city, Dr. Nayak said the sensors were programmed to collect real- time data on seawater temperature, salinity, ocean currents and other vital parameters of the fjord.
The Kongsfjorden is considered a natural laboratory for studying the Arctic climate variability. Scientists predict that melting of the Arctic glaciers will trigger changes in weather patterns and ocean currents that could affect other parts of the world.
“The interaction between the Arctic ice shelf and the deep sea and its influence on climate shift requires detailed studies over an annual seasonal cycle”, explained Dr. Nayak. “One of the major constraints in such a study has been the difficulty in reaching the location to collect data during the harsh Arctic winter. The IndARC observatory is an attempt to overcome this lacuna.”
He added that data collected by IndARC would be used for climate modelling studies to understand the influence of the Arctic processes on the Indian monsoon system.

Sigaram Thodu: Flab first  thrills laterthriller films
A good thriller towards the end, after much wasted time
If there’s a reason to watch Sigaram Thodu, it isn’t the technique. The visuals are often gimmicky. The number on a milestone becomes animated and begins to count down to zero. The hands of a clock move at hyper-speed to indicate the passage of night. At one point, the camera doubles as the face of a goon at whom the protagonist, Murali (Vikram Prabhu), aims a punch — as the fist retracts, the centre of the screen is left with a bloody splotch.
And the background score is scarily overdone. Murali’s father, Chellappa (Sathyaraj), is a cop who’s lost a leg in the line of duty. Early on, we see him sit down and strap on an artificial limb. But he’s taken this blow on the chin and moved on. He’s a trooper — still the first one to show up at work. But the music wants us to see what a tragedy all of this is. It makes the kind of fuss the man himself isn’t making.
Chellappa’s ambition is to see Murali become a cop. Murali, though, wants a safe job, in a bank. He isn’t selfish or unpatriotic — merely practical. He’s seen what being a cop has done to his father, and he wants none of it. The sly joke of the film is that the world of finance is equally dangerous. The opening credits appear against a montage of debit cards and CCTVs, and we soon witness a robbery at an ATM. Gradually, we learn how vulnerable our money is, how these crooks forge cards with our names and pin numbers, how they track the infusions of cash into ATMs, how they can wipe us out — it’s terrifying. You may never want to step into an ATM again.
SIGARAM THODU

Part of NRI community unhappy with MSG showIndian American Community Foundation
(A section of NRIs would have…)
Indian Americans these days are abuzz speculating about what language Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi will speak when he addresses a mammoth gathering of 21,000 members of the community at the indoor arena of Madison Square Garden (MSG) in midtown Manhattan.
The venue, famous as the home of the New York Rangers of the US National Hockey League, has been reportedly booked for $700,000 for the event on September 28 being organized under the umbrella of a recently formed not-for-profit organization called the Indian American Community Foundation (IACF).
The body will bring together over 500 diverse desi organizations and has energized the Indian-American community like never before — never in the history of Indian prime ministerial visits has such a huge event been organized by the 4.2-million-strong community.
But then Modi is the flavour of the season wherever Indians or people of Indian origin are present, and even more so in the US which has an organization called the Overseas Friends of BJP (OFBJP). "There is tremendous enthusiasm among the community to see our popular leader in person and hear from him his plans and vision for India," says Chandrakant Patel, chairman of the IACF and president of the OFBJP.
The organizers expect the stadium to be filled to its capacity. The event is scheduled to start at 11 am with a cultural programme and a short film called India Marching Forward followed by the PM's arrival at noon. The event will be hosted by the first Indian-origin Miss America, Nina Davuluri. Modi is expected to share the stage with a few US lawmakers.
While the excitement among the Indian-American community is palpable, there are growing rumblings of discontent. "The MSG show seems to have been organized more on the lines of a Bollywood extravaganza rather than a significant address by the PM of the world's largest democracy," says Mukesh J Mowji, principal of Silver Creek Hospitality, a hotel development and management company in Silicon Valley and an investor in several IT start-ups.
The Unhappy Lot
Mowji and a section of investors like him would have liked Modi to visit Silicon Valley and participate in "more important and serious" engagements. "This is the technology hub of the US and has an influential Indian American community," he adds. Mowji will not attend the MSG carnival because he has more important business engagements.
Mowji's absence will be ironic; as a former chairman of the Asian American Hotel Owners Association (AAHOA), he had played a key role in inviting Modi to the US in 2005 for the organization's annual convention, following which his visa was revoked.
Like Mowji there are others who are also unhappy over the way in which the MSG show has been handled. "IACF is a hurriedly put together organization and although there's a full board and executives, it is being run single-handedly by Bharat Barai [a Chicago doctor who is known to be very close to Modi]," Chicago businessman Shalabh Shalli Kumar, founder of the National Indian American Public Policy Institute, a think tank, told ET Magazine on phone.
Kumar is also unhappy over the lack of transparency in the fund-raising for the event. "Initially, there were no ticket sales for this reception, now there is a ticket price of $1,000 per person for reserved seats, of which there are around 1,900. The process is not transparent," adds Kumar. Over $1 million is being reportedly spent on the MSG bash.
  Modi Fever
Of course, the groundswell of enthusiasm easily overruns the disgruntlement. "We have over 1,000 members of our organization from not just the eastern states but some from further away such as Florida and Chicago coming to NYC only to hear him speak," says Ashook Ramsaran, president of the Global Organization of People of Indian Origin (GOPIO).
Ajeet Singhvi, former president and currently a member of the board of trustees of American Association of Physicians of Indian Origin, too believes that the event will be a show of strength of the Indian American community. "We hope to hear the Indian PM speak about India's national healthcare policy and ways in which we can collaborate and help," Singhvi told ET Magazine from Los Angeles.
Aside from the MSG shindig, the consulate general of India in New York will host Modi for a private dinner at The Pierre, a Taj hotel in Manhattan, at which 300 select guests have a chance of getting up close with the prime minister. "It will be an opportunity to interact with the PM and discuss issues that are important not just for the community in the US but also for India," said Sanjay Puri, chairman of the US India Political Action Committee.
As usual, Modi's schedule will be a packed one — packed enough perhaps to make it difficult for the prime minister to sneak out for a quick thali at Vatan, NYC's favourite Gujarati restaurant.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  US discuss WTO  visa  IPR related issuesCaroline Atkinson
(During the the meeting between…)
NEW DELHI: Ahead of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the US, a senior American official today met Commerce and Industry Nirmala Sitharaman and discussed various issues including India's stand in the WTO on the food security issue.
During the the meeting between Deputy National Security Advisor for International Economic Affairs Caroline Atkinson and Sitharaman, India reiterated its position on the public stock holding for food security purposes at the World Trade organisation (WTO), sources said.
Besides, both the sides also deliberated on matters including intellectual property rights, Totalisation Agreement and visa restrictions, they added.
India had decided not to ratify WTO's Trade Facilitation Agreement (TFA), which is dear to the developed world, without any concrete movement in finding a permanent solution.
The US had expressed concerns over India's tough stand in the WTO.
India has asked WTO to amend the norms for calculating agriculture subsidies so that the country could continue to procure foodgrains from farmers at minimum support price and sell them to poor at cheaper rates without violating the norms.
The current WTO norms limit the value of food subsidies at 10 per cent of the total value of food grain production. However, the quantum of subsidy is computed after taking into consideration prices that prevailed two decades ago.
Modi is scheduled to visit the US on September 25. Modi, who will be on a six-day visit, is scheduled to attend the United Nations General Assembly in New York and address an audience on September 28.
India wants early conclusion of the Totalisation Agreement with America. Under this pact an expatriate in either country need not contribute to social security schemes of the host country. The country has also raised concerns over the visa restrictions and US Immigration Bill.
The United States Border Security, Economic Opportunity and Immigration Modernisation Bill, 2013 seeks to deny access to visas or place additional visa related restrictions including higher fees.
India had already conveyed that these steps are not only discriminatory but also creates an unequal playing field for Indian IT companies.
The Bill has not yet been enacted. The bilateral trade between the countries stood at USD 61.5 billion in 2013--14.
FEATURED ARTICLES

IT sector pins hope on Modi s US visit to solve visa issuesYou are here: Home > Collections
IT sector pins hope on PM Narendra Modi's US visit to solve visa & immigration issues
ET Bureau Sep 10, 2014, 11.21AM IST
Tags:
H-1B visa programme
(The IT sector expects Modi’s…)
NEW DELHI: The Indian information technology sector expects Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States later this month to provide a platform for positive discussions on a host of issues, including the long pending immigration and visa issues. In April last year, a top US Senator accused big Indian IT companies — TCS, Infosys and Wipro — of abusing the H-1B visa system.
"During (US Secretary of State) John Kerry's visit, we had brought the visa issue to the attention of the government and it was taken up quite strongly...Mr Kerry also acknowledged that they recognise the concerns that India has," said software industry body National Association of Software and Services Companies (Nasscom) president R Chandrashekhar.
For the Indian IT industry, the US accounts for 61% of total exports, and the US Immigration Bill in its current form puts restrictions on IT companies on hiring employees on H-1B visas, which are temporary work visas for non-immigrant workers in specialty occupations. This has led to a higher number of H-1B visa rejections for employees of Indian IT majors such as Infosys, TCS and Wipro.
Foreign-born workers under the H-1B visa programme can typically be employed for three years by a sponsor company and apply to stay longer, but the use of programme came under the scanner when the US Senate debated comprehensive immigration reform.
Technology gurus, including Microsoft founder Bill Gates, asked Congress for more H-1B visas, or even an unlimited number of them, rather than the quotas in place today. It is widely believed that the PM will be accompanied by representatives from some of the technology majors when he travels the US at the end of this month. Nasscom and industry players have been lobbying with the US government to work around the issue.
The response from the new Indian government, however, has been encouraging. On Monday, external affairs minister Sushma Swaraj said the visa issue for IT companies "tops our agenda" when the PM meets US President. Sanjoy Sen, senior director, Deloitte, said some of the government's recent announcements, such as the proposed national intellectual property rights (IPR) policy and increased collaboration between academic institutions and research bodies to bridge the skill gap between IT workers in both countries, have set the stage for positive talks between the two nations.
"Large Indian IT companies have made significant progress in setting up their US subsidiaries. I don't think any of them staff their US projects with only Indians any more... The US will only increase visas where there is a knowledge gap or where there is a resource gap," Sen added. He further said Modi's initiatives like the Digital India programme present an opportunity for both Indian and American technology companies to work together.
FEATURED ARTICLES

PM Modi s style similar to Nehru & Indira GandhiComparisons with Nehru & Indira Gandhi inevitable; but PM Modi is his own person
Sep 14, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
(Connecting with children…)
By: Neerja Chowdhury
Ever since he spoke to lakhs of children on Teacher's Day, many are suddenly seeing reflections of Jawaharlal Nehru in Narendra Modi.
One of the reasons being that like Nehru, Modi was able to connect with the children all over the country. After his initial remarks, he suddenly came to life interacting with them, shedding fatigue, smiling, laughing — a visage not seen often — talking like a friend, philosopher and guide about a whole host of issues, including his pranks, bringing to fore a "cool" side (in the words of a child) of Modi.
And telling a Manipuri child who asked him how he could become prime minister — that he should prepare for 2024, for there was no chance till then, as Modi saw no threat to himself!
Nehru's connect with children earned him the title of Chacha Nehru. Soon after he became prime minister, he opened the doors of Teen Murti House, his residence, to children, giving explicit instructions that they be allowed to use the spaces there to play. Even APJ Abdul Kalam used to encourage visits by children to Rashtrapati Bhavan during his presidency.
Catch 'em Young
When Nehru talked to youngsters, he would invariably use the occasion to educate.
So also seems to be the case with Modi, and some have questioned whether being a teacher is a role a prime minister should play when he has his plate more than full. Others saw it as a far-reaching political move by the new PM. The senior amongst the children he addressed, and this is now going to be a yearly event, would become voters in 3-4 years time and are an important catchment area, particularly for a prime minister who has already declared that he is looking at a 10-year term, at least!
I still remember, as a child, when Nehru had come to our school in Delhi to speak on our Founder's Day, and he had chosen to speak on the country's foreign policy.
Most children are unlikely to forget an interaction with the prime minister, though the children in the south had problems understanding Modi's conversation conducted in Hindi, and it might have been better had parts of it been translated into English, particularly when Modi would like to avoid a north-south divide, and his protege, now BJP president Amit Shah is understood to be learning Tamil and Bengali!
Whether it was through the red and green turban he sported at Red Fort on Independence Day or his confident step on Japan's soil, Modi has given early signs of exuding a consciousness that he leads over a billion people today. Nehru, it is well known and documented, strode the Indian — and world — stage like a colossus for several decades.
  Foreign Affairs
The other similarity between the two that has invited comment is about both taking charge of foreign policy. Nehru was his own foreign minister for all the 17 years that he was PM. It is early days for Modi, but many have been surprised at the ease with which he has taken to foreign policy issues, and the direction he is giving them, from the day he took over.
This was reflected in his decision to invite Saarc leaders, including the Pakistan PM to his swearing in, and this entailed a risk. Had Nawaz Sharif turned down his invite, it would have been seen as a snub by the hardliners in his own ranks — and therefore a less-than-confident start to his premiership.
Nehru's world view had been fashioned right through the days of the national movement, which was also a period between the two world wars, and he had acquired an international perspective through his travels to countries of Europe, the then Soviet Union, China and the US in the '30s and '40s. From the beginning he saw Indian independence in the larger context of an "Asian resurgence", and he more than others in the Congress, came to fashion the policy non-alignment as the best way to go forward for a poor, yet large, country like India to acquire its rightful place globally , rather than to align with either of the two blocs.
Modi on the other hand has come to South Block from a regional capital with experience of running only one state of India. People expected him to take time to transit from a chief minister to a PM, particularly on foreign affairs. But Modi has taken to foreign policy, like duck to water.
Foreign policy is a continuum and does not change with a change of government. Just as Nehru left his stamp on it, there are early indications of a nuanced shift being made by Modi. Unlike the UPA's America-centric focus, he has given primacy to the neighbourhood — his early visits to Bhutan and Nepal and his invite to Saarc leaders bear this out — then to Asia, Japan first and then to China, with which the relationship is more complex; and then to the West and America where he will meet Barack Obama.

Hamid Ansari lauds Narendra Modi s policy of engaging the worldHamid Ansari lauds Narendra Modi's policy of engaging the world
IANS Sep 13, 2014, 05.43PM IST
Tags:
China
(Vice President Hamid Ansari Saturday…)
KOLKATA: Observing that nations cannot live in isolation and interaction and cooperation are a dire necessity, Vice President Hamid Ansari Saturday lauded the Narendra Modi-led Bharatiya Janata Party government's foreign policy.
"Nations cannot live in isolation and interaction and cooperation is a dire necessity. The new government has taken wise steps and is continuing the process of engaging with the world," Ansari said during an event here on emerging trends and challenges in India.
Talking about terrorism and its impact on India, Ansari said the main motive of terrorism was to create panic and "so long as the people don't panic, I do not think that terror will have its effect".
Earlier in the day addressing an international seminar on "Europe and Emerging Asia" organised by the University of Calcutta, Ansari harped on Asia's growing political influence in global affairs.
Observing that Europe's problems of economic slowdown and financial paralysis give rise to the view that the continent's future is dim, Ansari asserted that Asia's political influence in regional and global affairs would increase and it would regain the dominant economic position it held before the industrial revolution.
"Some believe that the 21st could be the Asian Century. The relationship between the two continents will have to be one of an equal partnership for global peace, security and prosperity. Asia needs technology and specialised skills, Europe needs markets, workforce and investments," said Ansari.
"Europe is already deepening its strategic partnerships with China , India and Japan and seeking to develop new partnership and free trade agreements with South Korea and with other south-east Asian countries besides intensifying its cooperation with regional groupings in Asia. In these, development cooperation is high on the European agenda," added Ansari.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Narendra Modis rise spawns a huge publishing opportunityYou are here: Home > Collections > Books
PM Narendra Modi’s rise from Vadnagar to 7, Race Course Road, spawns a huge publishing opportunity
Vasudha Venugopal, ET Bureau Sep 13, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Tags:
Accidental Prime Minister
(Bookshop at BJP office in…)
NEW DELHI: Three weeks ago in Mumbai, Human Resource Development Minister Smriti Irani released a picture book on Prime Minister Narendra Modi containing what were said to be rare pictures of the man, chronicling his journey from Vadnagar, a small village in Gujarat, to 7 Race Course in New Delhi.
Around the same time in New Delhi, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley released a coffee table book on the prime minister titled, Being Modi. "Did you know that Modi was hiding in a basement of a house during the Emergency, suffering from jaundice? Or that his family still remembers the excellent sabudana khichdi he makes," co-author Nikita Parmar says.
The 25-year-old Delhi High Court lawyer travelled extensively throughout Gujarat last year to get to grips with Modi's personal story. "I have interviews of his old friends, close family members. People are bored of reading about his political life now, that is why I chose to find out more about his family and personal habits," she adds.
Modi's rise has spawned a huge publishing industry, with more than 80 books being released on him in different languages in the past few months alone. Most of them are in Hindi and Gujarati, and are usually released by a dignitary.
These are written by former journalists, lawyers, RSS workers and one by his bodyguard. Priced between Rs 45 and Rs 500, there are books of all kinds on the PM — comics, picture books and political biographies among others.
These include Durdrashta Narendra Modi, Ghar Ghar Modi, Bhavishya Ki Asha--Narendra Modi, Narendra Modi Ka Rajnitik Safar, Narendra Modi --Sangarsh Se Shikar Tak, Swarnim Gujarat Na Modi, Mahanayak Narendra Modi and Prernamurthy Narendra Modi. The titles in English are varied: Narendra Modi, Yes he Can, Modi -- Man of Developing India, Modi Demystified, Modi: Change We Can Believe In, This is Narendra Modi, Modimantra among others. Modi's biographies have also been translated into Chinese and French, and those written by the PM himself - Samajik Samarasta, Sakshibhaan, Aapatkal Mein Gujarat - are prominently displayed in bookstores.
Navbharat Sahitya Mandir, one of the largest Gujarati publishing houses in the country, has issued a series of books on Modi. It's now looking at "unheard stories of the PM" to tell people, said proprietor Ronak Shah .
Shah refers to Gujarati writer and translator Aditya Vasu, who has authored books such as Narendra Modi ki Jeevan Katha and Namovaani. Vasu, 78, used to be a trader of antique items in Gujarat until about 10 years ago, then started writing about Modi after the 2002 religious riots. His books have gone into a fourth reprint after a spurt in interest in them, Shah said.
"I thought he was being wronged," said Vasu. "That is why I chose to write about what Modi did during the Godhra accident and how much he supported the special investigation team that looked into the matter," said the writer, who is also busy with Gujarati translations of the Chicken Soup series.
The election results have given a fresh lease of life to Common Man Narendra Modi, said author Kishore Makwana , who first met Modi in 1983 at an RSS shakha near Ahmedabad. An RSS member and author, Makwana said he chose to write on Modi because he had seen the man from close quarters and wanted the world to know the simple, unknown aspects of the man. "Not many people know his love for Bengali music. He is so fluent in Marathi that he translates his Gujarati books into the language himself."
Makwana said what interested publishers was an old interview of Modi where he talks about his interests, especially his love for photography. "After he came back from a Kailash Mansorovar Yatra in 1989, there was an exhibition of his photos in Ahmedabad." Former bodyguard Prabir Mahanti's Modi aur Mein looks at his working style and his attitude towards others. Mahanti was an assistant commandant in the National Security Guard and part of Modi's security detail in 2006 and 2007.
Not all the books are doing too well though. The bookshop at the BJP office on Ashoka Road in Delhi has 180 books on Modi in different languages but the biggest seller is LK Advani's My Country, My Life.
"The Accidental Prime Minister (on Manmohan Singh by Sanjaya Baru) has done better than all these new Modi releases put together," said Anup Kumar of Faqir Chand and Sons , a Delhi-based bookseller and distributor. "We had to send back many of the copies as there was no demand." According to him, only three books on Modi - Narendra Modi: The Man, The Times by Nilanjan Mukhopadhyay, The Namo Story, A Political Life by Kingshuk Nag and Narendra Modi: A Political Biography by Andy Marino - have sold well.
RTI activist Vivek Garg , who has written two books on Modi, said copies of his works were even shipped to Islamabad as there was demand for them. "The books may not be selling like hot cakes but they are still moving. Given that Modiji is dynamic figure who will remain a topic of interest for many years now, we need books that explain how he will change India."
FEATURED ARTICLES

Effects of sharp swings in rainfall may become strongerFloods in Uttarakhand
(The effects of sharp swings…)
What caused the Jammu and Kashmir ( J&K) floods over the past two weeks? Even as monsoon over the whole of India was still in deficit to the extent of 11% from what is considered 'normal' by meteorologists as of September 10, the rainfall in J&K was 16% above the normal since the beginning of the monsoon season.
Comparisons are already being made with the heavy flooding in Uttarakhand in June last year, which also resulted in major loss of life, as well as episodes of flash flooding in Leh in 2010.
And even as flooding occurs in J&K, just a little further south, in Punjab, Haryana and western Uttar Pradesh, rainfall is as little as half of what would be considered normal in a number of districts. Recent research on different aspects of the monsoon has raised the prospect that the rainfall patterns could be increasingly uncertain in coming years.
Western Disturbance
Meteorologists feel that broadly similar processes lie behind the extreme weather in J&K and the devastating floods in Uttarakhand last year. In both cases, the monsoon rainfall system moving from east to west essentially interacted with a quite different rainfall system, unrelated to the monsoon, which meteorologists call a 'western disturbance'.
Such disturbances are usually prevalent over north India during the winter and the pre-monsoon season and originate in the Mediterranean or the Atlantic Ocean. In the case of the Uttarakhand disaster, a western disturbance bearing rain and moving from west to east essentially locked or collided over the Uttarakhand region with a monsoon rainfall system moving in the opposite direction. The combined effect of the two was to produce a massive burst of rain within a very short time. A similar event happened a few days ago and this time the point of 'collision' was over J&K.
"Neither system was enough to produce such large amounts of rainfall on its own," says GP Sharma, a meteorologist with Skymet, a private sector weather forecasting service. "But when the two interacted, each essentially accentuated the effect of the other."
The rainfall over the course of the current season has been highly variable. It started off on a weak note with June recording an all-India deficit of 43%. During July, the rainfall picked up, only to weaken again during the second week of August. It then picked up again.
While this zigzag pattern in the monsoon alternating between 'dry' and 'wet' spells has been widely pointed to, recent research by scientists Deepti Singh and others at Stanford, and published in the journal Nature Climate Change in April this year, has confirmed, and added to, what meteorologists knew earlier:
that while, on the one hand, average rainfall during the July-August season over the 'core monsoon' region (essentially a belt stretching across central India from west to east) has decreased since the '50s, rainfall on a daily scale has become much more volatile than earlier. The number of dry and wet spells, when the monsoon is below and above average, has essentially increased in the past few decades.
Further, the wet spells are getting wetter, and dry spells, such as the ones we have seen this season, have been getting longer. "During this season we have also seen big breaks in the rainfall pattern," says Sulochana Gadgil, a meteorologist with the Indian Institute of Science. "The cloud banks which typically move beyond the core monsoon zone during the monsoon season have not moved too much beyond peninsular India."
Making it Worse
But even as the monsoon has become more uncertain, the effects of sharp swings in the rainfall patterns on human habitation and the environment could well become stronger in the future.
In both J&K and Uttarakhand, deforestation and the destruction of natural tree cover could well have played their part in worsening the situation. Forests and natural grasslands act as a kind of sponge absorbing rain and then release it slowly over time. Remove forest cover and the rain simply runs off the surface of the land without being absorbed by it.
Further, since the soil has not absorbed the moisture it actually becomes dryer during the non-monsoon months. "What we are seeing is consistent with the expectation that the effects of rainfall and flooding have been worsened by environmental destruction," says TR Shankar Raman, an ecologist with the Nature Conservation Foundation, Mysore.
So even as rainfall patterns have become more uncertain, environmental destruction has made the effect of those patterns on the landscape and human settlements more destructive as well.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Scottish independence could mean messy divorcePrint
"No Thanks" badges, wrist bands and stickers are offered to supporters as Member of Parliament and Shadow Secretary of State for International Development, Jim Murphy, speaks in support of the Union on the final day of his 100 Streets in 100 Days Better Together tour, in Sauchiehall Street, Glasgow, Scotland. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | London | Posted: September 14, 2014 2:39 pm
How do you divorce after a 300-year union? It’s complicated, and there is a deadline.
If Scots vote yes to separation on Thursday, a clock starts ticking down to March 24, 2016 — the independence day declared by the Scottish government.
The British and Scottish administrations have agreed that they will recognize the outcome of the referendum and appoint negotiators to work out the details of separation “in the best interests of the people of Scotland and of the rest of the United Kingdom.”
But there is disagreement on many issues, and only 18 months to redraft laws, establish international agreements and work out relationships with international organizations.
Robert Hazell, head of the Constitution Unit at University College London, says that is an “impossible timetable,” and estimates it could take up to three years to hammer out the details.
Some of the key issues:
DIVIDING THE ASSETS
The Yes and No campaigns have very different assessments of Scotland’s financial picture, including its share of Britain’s national debt and North Sea oil reserves.
The pro-independence Scottish government says Scotland would be entitled to 90 percent of Britain’s oil wealth — based on divvying up the two countries’ waters — but only liable for about 8 percent of its 1.3 trillion pound ($2.1 trillion) national debt, based on its share of the U.K. population.
The British government disputes this, pointing out that Scotland has higher per capita public-sector spending than England and so is more indebted.
Scottish independence leader Alex Salmond has signaled he could play hardball.
COUNTRY CLUBS
Salmond says that Scotland wants to remain in the United Nations, the European Union and NATO, and he anticipates little difficulty in keeping those seats.
Opponents say re-admission cannot be guaranteed. NATO, in particular, may be perturbed by Salmond’s promise to remove nuclear weapons from Scottish territory.
That’s not so much a problem for Scotland — nuclear weapons are not a membership requirement — as for Britain, whose entire nuclear arsenal is based aboard submarines at the Faslane naval base in western Scotland.
Adm. Mark Stanhope, a former head of the Royal Navy, has said that moving the weapons “would add a dangerous period of destabilization in our nuclear defense posture at a time when the international picture is clearly deteriorating.”
The Royal United Services Institute, a military think-tank, estimates that moving the weapons could cost several billion pounds (dollars) and take until 2028. In continued…

How corn plants defend against pathogen attackUpdated: September 14, 2014 17:36 IST
How corn plants defend against pathogen attack
IANS
The Hindu In this July 14, 2014 photo, a Bhutanese farmer dries his harvested corns in his house in Bhutan. Photo: Ritu Raj Konwar
TOPICS
Researchers from the North Carolina State University have identified crucial genes and cellular processes that appear to control the so-called hyper-sensitive defence response (HR) in corn.
The findings could help researchers build better defence responses in corn and other plants.
“It is similar to a human having an auto-immune response that never stops,” said Peter Balint-Kurti, a professor from the department of plant pathology and crop science at the North Carolina State University.
When corn plants come under attack from a pathogen, they sometimes respond by killing their own cells near the site of the attack, committing “cell suicide” to thwart further damage from the attacker.
It has so far been difficult to understand how the plant regulates this defence mechanism because the response is so quick and localised.
During the study, researchers examined over 3,300 maize plants that contained a similar mutation.
They found that 44 candidate genes appear to be involved in defence response and a few other responses linked to resisting attack.
“This mutation causes a corn plant to inappropriately trigger this hyper-sensitive defence response, causing spots on the corn plant as well as stunted growth,” added Balint-Kurti.
The researchers examined the entire corn gene blueprint to find the genes most closely associated with HR.
“Hopefully this work provides an opening to really characterise this important defence response and learn more about it in other plants,” Balint-Kurti concluded.
The study appeared in the journal PLoS Genetics.

NASA s Curiosity rover reaches its primary destinationNASA's Curiosity rover reaches its primary destination
PTI
Tweet
Washington, Sep 14:  
After more than two years of touching down on Mars, NASA’s Curiosity rover has finally reached the foothills of Mount Sharp, the primary destination it was designed to explore.
Mount Sharp is a Mount-Rainier-size mountain at the centre of the vast Gale Crater and the rover mission’s long-term prime destination.
“Curiosity now will begin a new chapter from an already outstanding introduction to the world,” said Jim Green, Director of NASA’s Planetary Science Division at NASA Headquarters in Washington.
“After a historic and innovative landing along with its successful science discoveries, the scientific sequel is upon us,” said Green.
Curiosity’s trek up the mountain will begin with an examination of the mountain’s lower slopes.
The rover is starting this process at an entry point near an outcrop called Pahrump Hills, rather than continuing on to the previously-planned, further entry point known as Murray Buttes.
“It has been a long but historic journey to this Martian mountain,” said Curiosity Project Scientist John Grotzinger of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena.
Curiosity currently is positioned at the base of the mountain along a pale, distinctive geological feature called the Murray formation.
Compared to the neighbouring crater-floor terrain, the rock of the Murray formation is softer and does not preserve impact scars, as well. As viewed from orbit, it is not as well-layered as other units at the base of Mount Sharp.
Curiosity reached its current location after its route was modified earlier this year in response to excessive wheel wear.
In late 2013, the team realised a region of the Martian terrain littered with sharp, embedded rocks was poking holes in four of the rover’s six wheels.
This damage accelerated the rate of wear and tear beyond that for which the rover team had planned.
In response, the team altered the rover’s route to a milder terrain, bringing the rover farther south, towards the base of Mount Sharp.
After landing inside Gale Crater in August 2012, Curiosity fulfilled in its first year of operations its major science goal of determining whether Mars ever offered environmental conditions favourable for microbial life.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Food Security Act beneficiaries yet to be identifiedNew Delhi, September 15, 2014
Updated: September 15, 2014 08:00 IST
Food Security Act beneficiaries yet to be identified
Anumeha Yadav
food security
Delay by States in specifying fresh criteria and completing verification
More than a year after the National Food Security Act (NFSA) was passed, beneficiaries are yet to be identified as States have delayed specifying fresh criteria and completing verification. Even the Socio-Economic Caste Census (SECC), which was proposed in 2011 as a comprehensive survey to identify socio-economic characteristics of the poor and to be used to identify NFSA beneficiaries, is more than two years behind its scheduled May 2012 completion.
The agencies involved in the SECC — the Ministry of Rural Development (MoRD), the Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL), the nodal agency to provide enumeration devices and data entry operators, and state officials — blame one another for the delays.
The claims and objections process, which follows the draft lists, is under way in 272 districts of the total 640 districts, while over Rs. 3,237 crore of the allocated Rs. 3,543 crore has been spent already.
With the SECC far from complete, a few States have proposed their own criteria, which may be less robust and transparent than the SECC.
Data glitches stall roll out of Food Security Act
Technological and procedural delays in identifying the intended beneficiaries of the National Food Security Act (NFSA) has seen the agencies involved — the Ministry of Rural Development (MoRD), the Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL), the nodal agency to provide enumeration devices and data entry operators, and state officials -- indulge in a blame game.
For the Socio-Economic Caste Census survey, proposed as the basis of the identification process, enumerators used scanned images of handwritten data from the National Population Register (NPR) to verify household members’ basic details. They were accompanied by data entry operators (DEOs) who entered the responses into a tablet computer.
“Initially, the plan was to collect data and digitise it later. A year on, it was decided that scans of handwritten documents would create confusion when displayed as these may not be legible. We decided to digitise the NPR data before displaying the drafts lists in villages, which took time,” explained a Ministry official.
Congress-ruled States such as Delhi, Rajasthan, and Himachal were quick to do roll-outs before elections, some using data from 2002 and 1998 rather than that of the SECC. Most States are yet to finalise their own criteria based on Central guidelines.
In Jharkhand, officials blame difficulties in digitisation and merging of NPR data with the SECC. “Three vendors were employed by ECIL here. The DEOs provided by the vendors were so poorly trained, we had to do re-evaluation in three districts,” said a State official. The State is struggling to complete the SECC even as it is yet to finalise its own criteria.
In Odisha, the local vendors hired by the ECIL withheld the SECC database files for several months last year as the DEOs’ salaries had not been paid on time by Central agencies. The State has announced its own criteria for the NFSA.
“The SECC is the most reliable source to identify Food Act beneficiaries and is more transparent. In Jharkhand, Assembly elections are coming up so they may push the SECC to next year. States like Tamil Nadu, which have universal coverage, are dragging their feet as they wish to keep the coverage universal,” said economist Jean Drèze.

Officials give bad reviews to Vinod Rai s book |  UPA govt blocked reforms to empower CAGRai’s book, ‘The Diary of the Nation’s Conscience Keeper — Not Just An Accountant’, has received widespread and generally favourable publicity.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: A number of officers of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) have taken to social media to criticise actions of their former boss, Vinod Rai , whose book on his tenure as the top auditor has generated a political firestorm because of its claim that former PM Manmohan Singh could have prevented the telecom scam .
These officials, including some at senior levels of the Indian Audit & Accounts Service, appear to be upset with a former IAS officer, who is not qualified as an auditor, running away with all the glory. Others point to what they claim are acts of impropriety disclosed by Rai in his book.
These include informing Singh and the then finance minister, Pranab Mukherjee, of the broad contours of the coal report.
Rai's book, 'The Diary of the Nation's Conscience Keeper — Not Just An Accountant', has received widespread and generally favourable publicity, partly because its thesis feeds into a widely believed narrative that the UPA government's tenure was marked by large-scale corruption.
A serving principal accountant general on his open Facebook page has posted a stinging critique of the book, slamming Rai for not seeking permission from the hands-on auditors before going public: "CAG's reports are the product of as many as ten levels in the audit department. Also, the CAG only countersigns a report. The first signatory being the field office from where the report originated. Have any of these officers publicly corroborated the statements of the author of this book on TV and off it?"
The post goes on to question the "common meeting ground of both reports on spectrum and coal on behalf of telecom and commodity importers..." He hints at a sinister motive behind the 2G and coal block reports, writing that, "the common bottom line of the two reports only speaks in support of such planned hijacking action."
Among the comments on this post, a higher-ranked official at the Controller General of Accounts has attacked Rai's disregard for conservatism when it comes to public disclosure about his term in office. "For an IAS officer to become CAG is just another post retirement sinecure, ho hum," writes the officer.
While some officials have silently "liked" the post, another retired official has questioned Rai's right to write the book: "Somebody takes material produced by the labour of a large number of people in the department and fashions it in such a way that it will earn him lakhs of rupees. What right does he have to do this? And we in the department still insist on supporting him. God help us! If he had the courage of his conviction, he should have put all these facts in the public domain when they were happening and faced the consequences. I would then have saluted him."
Page 1 of 2

Meter down: Taxi cos escalate price war; cus...Taxi companies like Olacabs, Uber cut fares in Delhi, others may follow
By Aditi Shrivastava , ET Bureau | 15 Sep, 2014, 07.00AM IST
Cab hailing app Uber gathers pace in India
Cab hailing app Uber gathers pace in India
According to industry estimates, taxi companies are struggling to keep pace with rising demand & on average cannot accommodate a fifth of bookings.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
BANGALORE: The fight to win over the Indian taxi passenger has intensified with aggregator Olacabs and cab hailing app Uber slashing prices by a fourth in Delhi—a development that is likely to force rivals to follow suit.
While Ola has cut rates in its lowerend car business—Ola mini—to Rs 10 /km, Uber has cut prices for its premium segment Uber BLACK. Separately, the San Francisco-based taxi hailing app also announced that it will be launching its affordable ride service UberX in three more Indian cities: Mumbai, Chennai and Pune. "We are pushing our efficiency system to the maximum," said Shailesh Sawlani , general manager of Uber in Mumbai. "We see this as a daily commute option for our riders and plan to maintain these prices if customers ride with us as much as we anticipate."
UberX Mumbai fares are Rs 15/km with a minimum base fare of Rs 50 and total minimum fare of Rs 125. The latest moves come after Uber cut its prices in Bangalore by 25% last month. Ola also reduced fares to Rs10/km for its Ola Mini service in the Garden City . "We have been able to optimise our inventory," said Pranay Jivrajka, vice president of operations at Olacabs.
According to industry estimates, taxi companies are struggling to keep pace with the rising demand and on average cannot accommodate a fifth of the bookings. To address this problem Ola said it will increase the number of cabs available on its mobile app by about 35% to 3,200 in Delhi alone. Ola's total fleet size is about 15,000.
"These price cuts are just a starting point to acquire customers and establishing the brand image till the time you hit a critical mass," said Arvind Singhal , chairman of Technopak. "At Rs 10/km Ola is making losses on each Ola Mini ride," said a source directly familiar with the matter. Same is the case with Uber, according to another source. Uber's price drop in Bangalore is, however, for a limited duration.
The company has not specified the timeframe. Other competitors like TaxiFor-Sure are focussing on discount codes to expand the customer base instead of cutting prices. "We keep doing event-related promotions and offer discount vouchers from time to time," said Aprameya Radhakrishna, founder and chief executive of TaxiForSure .
"Till the time, taxi aggregators will not face pressure to turn profitable, the freebies will continue," said Jaspal Singh, cofounder of Valoriser Consultants, which provides market research services for transportation companies. "These companies are looking to build valuation by expanding geographic reach, recruiting more number of drivers and attracting bookings to increase revenue."
However other aggregators like Meru Cabs and Savaari cabs feel that price cuts is not sustainable long-term. "Meru does not believe in price wars," said Siddhartha Pahwa, CEO of MERU Cabs. "Consumers will not take a cab because it's cheap but for its reliability, safety and professional service."

Twelve stocks in focus in Monday morning tradeTwelve stocks in focus in Monday morning trade
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 15 Sep, 2014, 07.44AM IST
0
Share More
Stocks in news: RIL, Yes Bank, IDFC, UB Holdings
Stocks in news: RIL, Yes Bank, IDFC, UB Holdings
Indian markets are expected to trade in a range. Here is a list of twelve stocks which are likely to be in focus today.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Indian markets are expected to trade in a range on Monday, tracking muted trend seen in other Asian markets and SGX Nifty.
Technically, Nifty has continued to show pattern of range bound movement. Improving performance of smallcap and midcap stocks as well as stable market breadth indicates that
Nifty may test higher levels of 8140-8150 in coming days, LKP said in a report.
"However, 8200 is likely to act as resistance zone where as 8000 continues to remain strong support for the index," added the report.
Here is a list of twelve stocks which are likely to be in focus today:
Tata Motors Ltd: Tata Motors signed Bonus and Permanency Agreement with Telco Workers Union here.
Tata Steel Ltd: Tata Steel is setting up a 55,000 tonne per annum (TPA) ferro chrome plant at Gopalpur in Ganjam district of Odisha and its first unit is expected to start operations by March 2015.
Hero MotoCorp Ltd: Hero MotoCorp is upbeat as the festival season begins, as the world's number one two-wheeler maker by volume expects the typically strong period to be even better this year, as consumer sentiment improves with a turnaround in the economy.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Ahead of the launch of its mobile phone services, Reliance Industries has increased its stake in Reliance Jio to almost 99 per cent.
ICICI Bank Ltd: The private sector bank has raised $ 500 million (about Rs 3,000 crore) from overseas markets by selling its bonds to fund foreign expansion plans.
LIC Housing Finance Ltd: The housing finance company has set a target of generating total business of Rs 33,000 crore in the current financial year, up by 22 per cent over the same period last year, a top official said today.
JSW Steel Ltd: Sajjan Jindal-owned JSW Steel is in the final stages of negotiations to buy 'part' of bankrupt Italian steelmaker Lucchini. Lucchini is also reported to have received a binding offer from JSW Steel for its core assets in Piombino and is considering the offer.
Pfizer & Ranbay Ltd: Pfizer Inc and Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd on Friday won dismissal of an antitrust lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to delay sales of generic versions of the cholesterol drug Lipitor, the best-selling drug in history.
Fortis Healthcare Ltd: Fortis Healthcare Ltd has sold its Singapore-based diagnostics business RadLink-Asia Pte Ltd for Singapore $137 million, or Rs.660 crore at current exchange rates. This follows its decision to focus on India, leading to a string of stake sales in overseas investments, said media reports.
IDFC Ltd: Domestic institutional investors on Thursday lapped up infrastructure financier IDFC Ltd's Rs 1,000-crore qualified institutional placement (QIP).
Zydus Cadila Ltd: Homegrown drug major Zydus Cadila has set a target of clocking a consolidated turnover of over Rs 10,000 crore by FY'16.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Biz honchos running their global ops from In...More and more desi honchos running their global operations from India
By Ratna Bhushan & Anumeha Chaturvedi, ET Bureau | 15 Sep, 2014, 04.00AM IST
India is geographically convenient, ranks high on the hospitality index, has emerged as a travel hub and technological infrastructure is on par with most developed markets.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Late last year, soon after Atul Singh was elevated as Coca-Cola's group president for Asia, he remarked at a celebratory party to friends and family: "This is not my farewell from India. China is barely five hours away." Singh's new role meant he was overseeing 21 markets, including China.
But Singh didn't have to go through the tedious process of relocating bag and baggage to another country. Meanwhile, ad man Prasoon Joshi's decision to continue operating out of Mumbai isn't just because of his "love for the country".
"Diversity in management is becoming very important for global firms," said Joshi, who was named chairman of ad agency network McCann Worldgroup's Asia-Pacific region, which includes Greater China and Australia, late last week. "I have learnt and continue to learn so much from the cultural nuances of small-town India - I would want my clients and team to continue to benefit from that," he said.
Singh and Joshi are not alone. The growing league of highfliers choosing to stay put in India after landing plum global roles include Reckitt Benckiser's Chander M Sethi, Abheek Singhi of Boston Consulting Group, Group M's Vikram Sakhuja, Whirlpool's Arvind Uppal, Adobe's Naresh Gupta and Dheeraj Sinha of Grey.
Their reasons range from personal ones to India being a key emerging growth hub and geographical convenience. For Singhi, senior partner and director, Boston Consulting Group, and leader of its consumer and retail practice in Asia Pacific, it was a mix of professional and personal reasons that kept him back.
Singhi was elevated to the new role one and a half years ago. His travel schedule is packed with monthly trips to Hong Kong, Bangkok, Seoul and Japan. "You need to get used to doing calls across different time zones - installing video equipment and soundproofing a room in the house would help," he said with a smile.
Four-hour sleep cycles, going to meetings straight from the airport and queuing up for a new passport when the pages run out because of all the visa stamps are a small price to pay for him.
The other compelling reason is the importance India commands on the global business map. "With India and China emerging as nodal points of the world economy and almost half the world's population centred in Asia, India offers a great vantage point as an operational hub for global CEOs," said Coca-Cola vice president for human resources, Sameer Wadhawan.
Page 1 of 2

View: Here is what PM Modi should do during his trip to AmericaModi has to use data and facts to communicate to Obama and the US Congress how Indian cos are working hard to create job opportunities for US.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
By NR Narayana Murthy
I believe our Prime Minister's visit to the US will be one of his most important foreign trips, if not the most important foreign trip he will make during his tenure as PM. There are several reasons for it.
First, he will have to show that he does not carry any biases from prior transactions. He has already shown that he is a graceful leader even though the US was very discourteous to him when he was the chief minister of Gujarat.
Second, at this stage in India's economic development, we have to build close relations with the US, the No. 1 country in higher education and innovation. The only way we can secure our future is through our focus on becoming increasingly better in higher education, research and innovation. That cannot happen unless we work closely with the US. We have to enhance interactions between students, researchers and academicians of both countries.
Getting Along with No. 1
Third, the US is the only superpower in the world today, with almost nine times our GDP and with a per-capita 33 times ours. The US is also the best example of the power of entrepreneurship enhancing prosperity of its people.
Finally, it is our second-largest trading partner and the largest customer base for our software industry, contributing $40-45 billion to our software exports every year. This figure has to be seen in the context of the recent euphoria in India when Japanese corporations agreed to invest over $35 billion in India over five years.
The software industry has created over 3.2 million jobs, with 2-3 times that number of jobs created in the secondary and tertiary sectors. This industry has raised the image of India much more than all other Indian industries put together. Therefore, any Indian government — whether left, right or centrist — has to carefully nurture this relationship, and make it stronger.
I am sure our PM knows better than most of us how worked up the US Congress is about Indian companies using H1B and L1 visas to bring in Indian labour to service their US clients. This has been a hot issue that has troubled the legislators in the US for some years now. The immigration bill over which there has been much haggling between the Republicans and the Democrats has some onerous clauses for Indian software companies.
Despite all of this, a large number of well-known US corporations depend on our software industry to help them in building their information systems. Therefore, this is an opportune time for our PM to impress upon President Barack Obama the importance of our software industry in making the US corporations even more efficient to benefit their customers not just in their own markets but also in third-country markets. He has to use data and facts to communicate to the president and the pivotal members of the US Congress how Indian companies are working hard to create job opportunities for US citizens and permanent residents.
He has to show data on the nonavailability of talent in the US. He has to show how our software industry is good for the US economy. He has to develop deep friendship with several key members on both sides of the aisle in the Congress. He has the charisma to do it. It is good to invite several important members of the US Congress as state guests to visit India and roll out the red carpet.
Page 1 of 2

ET Wealth | Why you shouldn t invest like yo...Why you shouldn't invest like your parents in today's financial world
By Babar Zaidi , ET Bureau | 15 Sep, 2014, 10.32AM IST
No doubt your parents want to help, but they might not have all the answers you need. For one, they may not be aware of the market situation.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
They took utmost care of you, protected you against harm and did everything they could to fulfill your needs. So there is no question that your parents have your best interests in mind when they give you guidance. Even so, your parents might be misleading you by giving you financial advice that's way past its expiry date.
No doubt your parents want to help, but they might not have all the answers you need. For one, they may not be aware of the market situation or have adequate knowledge of financial instruments available. The mutual fund space itself is so vast that even experts struggle to identify the right funds. The insurance sector is also teeming with products. It could also be that your parents' advice is prejudiced by personal experience. Instead of blindly going by what they say, one needs to make more informed choices.
Gen Y investors are at greatest risk. The Hyderabad-based financial planning portal ArthaYantra.com estimates that nearly 2 out of every 3 professionals aged 21-27 years base their financial decisions on their parents' advice (see graphic). These figures are based on information given by registered users of the financial planning portal.
Traditional life insurance policies are an all-time favourite investment choice. It's common for people to buy an endowment or money-back policy for their child as a gift. They pay the premium for the initial years. After the child starts earning, the onus of paying the premium shifts to him. "Parents might think they are giving their child a great gift. What they don't realise is that they are saddling him with a suboptimal investment for the next 15-20 years," says Nitin Vyakaranam, founder and CEO of ArthaYantra.com
Shackled by the premium
Meet Naveen Parashar, a PSU manager based in Delhi (see picture) who pays almost Rs 1 lakh a year for seven life insurance policies that give him a combined life cover of Rs 14 lakh. Two of these policies were bought for him by his father. He repeated the mistake by buying two policies for his children. But such traditional insurance plans fall between two stools, offering neither good returns nor adequate life cover. Parashar realised this a few years ago and bought a pure protection term plan of Rs 50 lakh for himself. But he still feels shackled by the premium that flows into the other seven policies.
To be fair, one can't blame the older generation for forcing poor investment choices on their progeny. They have lived in an era which was very different from the present. Back in the 1970s and 80s, the stock market was an opaque establishment, mutual funds were unknown, insurance companies were trusted entities and real estate prices were at rock bottom levels. Life insurance policies, bank deposits and small savings schemes were the best way to save money. So, parents can't be faulted for advising their children to invest in instruments that helped them create wealth in the past.
When Rajeev Kishore Dubey started his career as a management trainee in 1977, his father advised him to start a recurring deposit of Rs 100 a month. The chairman and managing director of Canara Bank recalls how difficult it was to spare Rs 100 out of his monthly stipend of Rs 700. "I told him it was impossible. After paying the rent and basic living expenses, I was left with barely nothing," he says. Yet, his father persisted and finally prevailed upon him to open a recurring deposit. Years later, when the deposit matured, Dubey realised the wisdom of his father's advice.
Now, 37 years later, Dubey is proffering the same advice to his children. "But instead of putting money in recurring deposits and bank fixed deposits, they want to invest in SIPs of mutual funds," he says derisively. "They don't realise how risky it can be."
Page 1 of 2

LIC investment in equity mkt to cross Rs 55 000crSep 15, 2014, 06.00 PM IST  | Source: PTI
LIC investment in equity mkt to cross Rs 55,000 cr
LIC investment in the bond market may touch Rs 2.5 lakh crore in the fiscal ending March 2015.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
LIC investment in equity mkt to cross Rs 55,000 cr
LIC investment in the bond market may touch Rs 2.5 lakh crore in the fiscal ending March 2015.
Post your opinion here
 
Country's largest insurer LIC has lined up over Rs 55,000 crore for investment in the equity market in the current fiscal, a part of which will be used for picking up stakes in PSUs during the Disinvestment process.
"We will invest a total of Rs 55,000 crore or even more in the equity market in the current fiscal," LIC Chairman SK Roy told PTI.
Asked how much LIC has been earmarked for the upcoming disinvestment, Roy said that Rs 55,000 crore "covers all" type of investments. LIC had picked up stocks worth Rs 51,000 crore last fiscal and investments were made across sectors. The public sector insurer has been a key investor in the disinvestment programme of the government.
The government recently gave go ahead to disinvestment of its part stakes in ONGC , CIL  and NHPC , which together may earn Rs 43,000 crore to the exchequer. It is also planning to sell 5% stake in SAIL and 10% each in RINL and HAL in the current fiscal.
Roy also informed LIC investment in the bond market may touch Rs 2.5 lakh crore in the fiscal ending March 2015. In the current fiscal, the life insurer has raised its stakes in many public sector banks including United Bank of India , Central Bank of India  and Bank of Maharashtra  by picking up preferential shares. Some more banks would make preferential allotment to LIC during course of the year.
During the first quarter ended June, 2014-15 fiscal, LIC earned a total premium of Rs 14,016 crore, lower than Rs 14,295 crore in the year-ago period. LIC with 75% market share collected Rs 41,441 crore from individual premiums and Rs 48,682 crore in group premiums, aggregating to a total of Rs 90,124 crore.
RELATED NEWS

China on track to develop Indian railways as Xi Jinping heads to South AsiaChina on track to develop Indian railways as Xi Jinping heads to South Asia
Reuters | New Delhi/Beijing | Updated:  Sep 15 2014, 11:52  IST
Sep 15 2014, 11:52  IST
 

Targeting Rs 1 500 cr revenue in FY15: Bajaj ElectricalsNot participating in any low-margin orders at this point
Shekhar Bajaj
Chairman & MD
Bajaj Electricals
Bajaj Electricals has secured fresh orders worth Rs 518 crore in the Engineering and Projects (E&P) division.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Shekhar Bajaj, CMD of Bajaj Electricals , said the company has received eight orders for rural electrification in the Madhya Pradesh region. The company’s order book stands at Rs 3,178 crore as on September 13, which is at the highest-ever level.
Bajaj said that orders have been coming too fast for the company, hence the management has consciously decided on slowing down on the order intake as it wants to focus more on the execution aspect.
Bajaj Electricals is targetting Rs 1,500 crore of revenues in FY15 and may earn Rs 500 crore (revenue) from the E&P project in H1FY15. Bajaj said the company is not participating in any low-margin orders currently.
Below is the transcript of Shekhar Bajaj’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Sonia: Bajaj Electricals is in focus after the company secured fresh orders worth Rs 518 crore in the engineering’s and project (E&P) division. Can you take us through this order that you have won, what kind of margins will you be enjoying in this order and what will the total order book look like now?
A: This is an order for Rs 518 crore, it is all power distribution. This is basically rural electrification project, the entire Rs 518 crore order is from Madhya Pradesh and it is spread over Jabalpur district. Total eight orders are there, only one order is from Morena which is in Bhopal district. All eight orders are rural electrification projects. With this our order book is coming to Rs 3178 crore as on September 13.
Latha: Are you noticing a turnaround at all in the order generation space?
A: Actually we are now putting a stop, the orders are coming in too fast for our liking. We want to do a good execution so therefore our order book has now crossed Rs 3000 which is the highest ever and we have to make sure that we do a good execution. Therefore now we are slowing down in taking new orders because these are all old orders which we had participated in, most of them have been converted into orders which we have got. Last month we got an order for Rs 602 crore and another Rs 518 crore has come. 
For us getting orders is an easier position, to execute them properly, profitably is more important and therefore to that extent the more the orders, the more is the pressure to do our job. 
Latha: What is the guidance that you all had guided FY15 growth at 25 percent, would you do even better?
A: This whole cycle is about 24 months is the order book, any thing from 15 to 24 months. So with the result that for the current year I think Rs 15 crore guidance is the 25 percent growth from Rs 1150 crore to Rs 1470 crore. I would say we will go to Rs 1500 crore which is our 26-27 percent growth is what I would still like to do a good execution and therefore next year we start with a good order book and therefore to that extent next year also we can be assured of a good turnover.
Sonia: In the quarter gone by your E&P EBIT losses had actually reduced substantially from Rs 26 crore to Rs 6 crore loss. Can you give us an indication of when you will be able to break into the black?
A: The second quarter also may be slightly weak. We have done Rs 218 crore last quarter, we should do about Rs 280-300 crore in this current quarter so we will do about Rs 500 crore in the first half and we are looking at another Rs 1000 crore in next half. So therefore with the same overheads if we do double the sales, just imagine the major contribution in profitability is going to come in Q3 and Q4. 
Sonia: What kind of margins will you enjoy on this particular order win?
A: I cannot tell you a number because as soon as I tell you the number the competitor will know what margins we work at. So this is not something we discuss but we are here to make profit and therefore if it doesn’t meet our minimum criteria we are not going to participate that is all I can say. All these orders that have been taken, we take out minimum criteria. 
Latha: Are cost pressures abated and will you see growth in CFL, you saw their contraction?
A: CFL we continue to have weak performance, even in the second quarter it is not improving. But Luminous is doing okay so therefore overall lighting segment should be compared to last year which I mentioned earlier also, should be equal to last year or a little better but the consumer durable is really picking up well in terms of margins and top line. So that will be substantially better than last year for the year.
Bajaj Electric stock price
On September 15, 2014, Bajaj Electricals closed at Rs 281.45, up Rs 4.15, or 1.50 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 384.80 and the 52-week low was Rs 156.00.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 70.58 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 3.99.
RELATED NEWS

Stock market falls to 2-week low on China output dataMarket Update: Sensex, Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 17:32 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex on Monday fell 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and Nifty slid 63.50 points to 8,042 on losses in bluechips tracking tepid China data and US rate hike fears, even as August domestic inflation eased to nearly 5-year low.
The rupee depreciated against US dollar to 61.05, further dampening market sentiments, said equity brokers.
Selling in metal, IT, oil & gas, capital goods, banking, consumer durables, auto, PSU and FMCG stocks, dragged the down the Sensex which dipped below the 27,000-mark. There was, however, buying in healthcare stocks such Cipla and Dr Reddy.
The 30-share BSE Sensex on Monday opened in negative terrain and quickly dipped below 27,000-mark reacting to Friday's data that showed IIP growth slowed to four-month low in July.
Around noon, data showed wholesale inflation fell sharply to 3.74 per cent in August to a nearly five-year low. However, investors appeared to ignore the WPI inflation figures.
The index finally settled down by 244.48 points, or 0.90 per cent, at 26,816.56, its weakest closing since August 28.
The 244.48-point loss is Sensex's worst drop since August 8.
Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services, said: "Markets were nervous on the back of tepid IIP data. Sensex and Nifty constituents continued to correct after a fast & furious rally. Frontline stocks are also in a pause mode in anticipation of clearer hints from the US Federal Reserve later this week."
Overall, 25 Sensex stocks declined while five led by Cipla, Dr Reddy's, HDFC Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Infosys rose.
The 50-issue NSE Nifty slipped below the 8,100-level by falling 63.50 points, or 0.78 per cent, to 8,042.00. The 63.50-point fall was its sharpest daily loss since August 8.
Asian markets retreated Monday after data at the weekend showed Chinese industrial output expanded in August at its slowest rate since the global financial crisis.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 182.80 crore on last Friday as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Sectorwise, the BSE Metal index suffered the most by losing 1.69 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas index (down 0.96 per cent), IT index (down 0.96 per cent), Capital Goods index (0.89 per cent) and FMCG index (0.76 per cent).
On the other hand, BSE Healthcare, Realty, Midcap and Smallcap indices ended higher.

Sensex down 200 pts  slips below 27 000; RIL  L&T top losersSensex slips below 27,000, down over 200 points; RIL among top Sensex loser
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 15 Sep, 2014, 09.39AM IST
Sensex slips below 27,000; RIL, L&T top losers
Sensex slips below 27,000; RIL, L&T top losers
50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8100, weighed down by losses in banks, capital goods, IT, metal and oil & gas stocks. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 237 points in trade on Monday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. The fall in the index was led by losses in RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank, SBI and ITC.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8100, weighed down by losses in banks, capital goods , IT, metal and oil & gas stocks.
At 09:30 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,864, down 196 points or 0.73 per cent. It touched a high of 26,998.07 and a low of 26,824.27 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,033 down 72 points or 0.89 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,077.30 and a low of 8032.95.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 0.49 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged lower by 0.13 per cent.
Cipla (up 2 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.84 per cent) and Sun Pharma (up 0.52 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
GAIL (down 1.6 per cent), Tata Steel (down 1.7 per cent), Hindalco (down 2 per cent), BHEL (down 1.5 per cent) and HDFC (down 1.4 per cent) were the major index losers.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Typhoon kills three  displaces nearly 8 000 in PhilippinesUpdated: September 15, 2014 10:20 IST
Typhoon kills three, displaces nearly 8,000 in Philippines
DPA
Tweet
AP Fishermen try to tow clusters of bamboo poles used as fished pens which were washed in shallow waters off Manila along with a cargo ship in background on Monday, in Manila, Philippines. Typhoon Kalmaegi, with sustained winds of 130 kilometers per hour (81 miles per hour) and gusts of 160 kph (99 mph), blew into the boundary of Cagayan and Isabela provinces in northern Philippines.
TOPICS
natural disasters
Typhoon Kalmaegi killed three people and displaced nearly 8,000 people as it battered the northern Philippines on the weekend, the national disaster relief agency said on Monday.
More than a dozen ferry trips and nearly 50 domestic flights were cancelled as the storm hit on Sunday, cutting off electricity in eight northern provinces.
Kalmaegi was packing maximum winds of 120 kilometres per hour and gusts of up to 150 kph, the weather bureau said.
Schools were closed in Manila and northern provinces.
A ferry sank on Saturday evening in rough seas off the eastern province of Leyte, killing three people, the national disaster relief agency said.
Rescuers saved 113 people from the boat that was en route to the southern city of Surigao.
In Manila, 15 crew members were rescued from a docked vessel that capsized after being battered by strong winds and big waves on Sunday evening, the Office of Civil Defense.
Kalmaegi left some roads and bridges impassable in the northern Philippines, as floodwaters reached as high as 20 metres in the affected areas, officials said.
The weather bureau said the typhoon, which blew out of the Philippines on Monday, would bring more trailing rains to the northern provinces, while the seas would continue to be rough.

ILFS Transportation s Spain subsidiary bags contract worth Rs 363crSep 15, 2014, 10.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IL&FS Transportation's Spain subsidiary bags contract worth Rs 363cr
IL&FS Transportation Networks Ltd has informed BSE that Elsamex SA, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company in Spain has been awarded a contract by the Ethiopian Roads Authority for Construction of Ambo-Wolliso Road Upgrading Project for a total length of 62.7 Km to be executed in a period of 36 months.

Only Buyers in Rishabhdev Tech on BSEThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Only Buyers in Bhageria Dyeche on BSEThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Sensex slumps over 200 points; Hindalco  GAIL top losersSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 10:25 AM IST
Sensex below 27,000; Hindalco, GAIL top losers
The Sensex is lower by 203 points at 26,858 mark and the Nifty has slipped by 57 points at 8,049 mark.
Markets continue to trade weak in the morning trades weighed down by Index heavy weights HDFC, ITC, RIL and Infosys contributing nearly 100 points to the decline on the 30-share index.
 
By 10.25 AM, the Sensex is lower by 203 points at 26,858 mark and the Nifty has slipped by 57 points at 8,049 mark.
 
Among the broader markets, BSE Mid-cap index is trading lower is down 0.3% while BSE SMallcap index is trading flat with a negative bias.
 
The market breadth in BSE is slightly positive with 1,199 shares declining and 1,159 shares advancing.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee depreciated by 32 paise to 60.97 against the US dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange due to increased demand for the US currency from importers amid a weak opening in the domestic equity market.
 
Buzzing Stocks:
 
Cipla has rallied 3% to Rs 631, also its record high on National Stock Exchange (NSE) in otherwise weak market aunched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair. Also, Surajit Pal analyst at Prabhudas Lilladher recommended a ‘buy’ rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 643.
 
Shares of Bajaj Electricals were up over 4% at Rs 290 after the company said it has bagged two orders worth Rs 518.46 crore.
 
Fortis Healthcare has surged 10% to Rs 134 after the company said decided to divest entire stake in healthcare service provider RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for SGD 137 million (over Rs 655 crore).
 
Yes Bank has dipped nearly 3% at Rs 616 in early morning deals on NSE after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said the foreign investors will need the central bank's approval to buy additional equity in the private sector lender.
______________________________________________________________
(updated at 9.38 AM)
Markets have opened lower amid weak global cues and weak industrial growth in July. Further, investors have turned cautious ahead of the Inflation data based on wholesale price index (WPI) for August which is expected to be released later during the day.
 
By 9.38 AM, the Sensex is lower by 232 points at 26,829 mark and the Nifty has slipped by 70 points at 8,036 mark.
 
Among the broader markets, BSE Mid-cap index is trading in line with the large counterparts and is down 0.5% BSE SMallcap index is trading flat with a negative bias.
 
The market breadth in BSE is slightly positive with 543 shares declining and 573 shares advancing.
Investors will look to Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting for fresh guidance on US interest rates. A policy meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) will be held on 16 and 17 September 2014.
 
Domestic data showing sharp drop in growth industrial production in July 2014 compared with previous month have weighed on the investor sentiment. However, inflation based on the combined consumer price indices (CPI) for urban and rural India moderated in August 2014.
 
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours on Friday, 12 September 2014, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 182.80 crore on that day.
 
Global Market:
 
US markets ended lower on Friday weighed down by profit taking in shares of energy companies tracking weakness in crude oil prices. Meanwhile, the US Federal Reserve will hold its two-day policy meet starting Tuesday. Further, encouraging US retail sales and consumer sentiment data on Friday raised concerns that the Federal Bank could raise interest rates sooner than expected.
 
The Dow Jone ended down 61 points at 16,987.51, the S&P 500 slipped 12 points at 1,985.54 and tech-laden Nasdaq closed 24 points lower at 4,567.60.
 
Asian markets are trading lower because of weak data from China and tracking losses on Wall Street on Friday. China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years. In August Industrial output rose 6.9 per cent as compared to the corresponding period last year, the lowest since 2008. Meanwhile, markets in Japan are closed on Monday on account of public holiday.
 
China's Shanghai Composite is down 0.3%, Singapore's Straits Times is down 0.3% and Hang Seng is sharply lower by 0.8%.
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, barring Healthcare index, all lother indices are trading in the negative territory. BSE Metal index is the biggest loser down nearly 1% followed by IT, Auto, FMCG, Power, Realty and Oil & Gas indices down between 0.5-1%. Bankex is down 0.7%.
 
Metal stocks are losing sheen in the early trades on the back of weak Chinese economic data.  China is the world's largest consumer of steel, copper and aluminum. Tata Steel, Hindalco, Sesa Sterlite and Coal India have lost between 0.5-2%.
 
Index heavyweights ITC, Infosys and RIL are contributing the most to the decline on the 30-share Index.
 
Engineering Conglomerate L&T and BHEL have slipped by 1% each.
 
In the Oil and Gas space, GAIL is down nearly 2% and is the biggest loser of this hour. ONGC has declined by 1%.
 
In the Auto space, M&M, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki and Tata Motors have dipped between 0.8-1.5%.
 
SBI, Bharti Airtel and Tata Power are some of the notable names in red among others.
 
On the flip side, fresh buying is evident in the healthcare space. Cipla, DR Reddy’s lab and Sun Pharma have gained between 0.5-2.5%.
 

Restaurants in MumbaiSubscribe to our burrptastic newsletter
You are now subscribed to our newsletter - thank you!
FOLLOW US ON

Sensex reclaims 27000 amid consolidation; Cipla top gainerSep 12, 2014, 06.26 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex reclaims 27000 amid consolidation; Cipla top gainer
The consolidation may continue in near term but sharp upside won’t be possible at least till the government dilutes stake in big names ONGC and Coal India, say experts, adding the 8150 will act as a resistance and 7800 as a strong support.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex reclaims 27000 amid consolidation; Cipla top gainer
The consolidation may continue in near term but sharp upside won’t be possible at least till the government dilutes stake in big names ONGC and Coal India, say experts, adding the 8150 will act as a resistance and 7800 as a strong support.
Post your opinion here
16:50
Moneycontrol Bureau
Benchmark indices managed to clock marginal gains amid consolidation on Friday as investors remained cautious ahead July industrial output and August CPI data due later in the day. (IIP came in at 0.5 percent versus 3.9 percent M-o-M and CPI at 7.8 percent versus 7.96 percent)
The 30-share BSE Sensex reclaimed 27000 level, up 65.17 points to close at 27061.04 and the 50-share NSE Nifty too climbed above 8100-mark, rising 19.80 points to 8105.50. The broader markets continued to hold positive momentum with the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained 0.2 percent 0.5 percent, respectively.
The consolidation may continue in near term but sharp upside won’t be possible at least till the government dilutes stake in big names ONGC and Coal India, say experts, adding the 8150 will act as a resistance and 7800 as a strong support.
“Largecaps have so far had a good run but with these sorts of largecap paper supplies coming through, even though this rally at the moment looks unstoppable that (paper supplies) might be a trigger that forces market to stall here if not move lower,” said Gaurav Mehta, VP - Institutional Equities, Ambit Capital. He feels from a very near-term point of view, this market is getting a bit too complacent.
As far as medium to long term perspective is concerned, the market is in a structural uptrend. For the last 12-15 months, he has been very positive on Indian equities and he continues to remain so for the next 12 months as well.
His year-end (FY15) target stands at 30,000 on the Sensex.
For the week, the Sensex and Nifty closed flat but the broader markets beat benchmarks with the CNX Midcap and BSE Smallcap indices surging 3 percent and 5 percent, respectively. Investors will closely watch the outcome of FOMC’s two-day meet scheduled to begin on September 16.
Drug maker Cipla was the biggest gainer in last couple of hours of trade, up 6.4 percent followed by ITC, HDFC, Bharti Airtel, State Bank of India, Maruti Suzuki, Sesa Sterlite and Hero Motocorp with 1-2 percent.
However, drug maker Sun Pharma continued to fall for the second straight day, down 2 percent in addition to 5 percent loss in previous session on surprise audit of Halol facility in Gujarat by USFDA team. Its subsidiary Taro Pharmaceutical has recalled an anti-clotting drug, Warfarin generic from the US markets due to USFDA concerns on quality.
Among others, shares of Larsen and Toubro, Hindalco Industries, NTPC and Tata Power fell 1-2 percent.
In the midcap space, Exide Industries, Indraprastha Gas, Bhushan Steel, Aurobindo Pharma, Eicher Motors, M&M Financial, Britannia, Union Bank, Amara Raja Batteries, Chennai Petroleum, Gujarat Pipavav, GSFC and Carborundum Universal gained 2-9 percent.
Oracle Financial surged over 6.5 percent as it declared second interim dividend of Rs 485 per share.
About 1725 shares advanced while 1338 shares declined on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
14:00
Nifty ends above 8100, Sensex gains 65 pts; Cipla up 6%
The market ended a volatile session on a higher note. The Nifty managed to end above 8100, up 19.80 points at 8105.50 while the Sensex was up 65.17 points at 27061.04. Cipla, Bharti Airtel, Maruti, Sesa Sterlite and Hero Motocorp were top gainers in the Sensex.

Retail inflation eases to 7.8 per cent in AugustCPI-based inflation eases to 7.8 per cent in August
Rajesh Kumar Singh     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 20:32 IST
Consumer food price inflation edged up to 9.42 per cent in August (Photo: Reuters)
Easing prices of vegetables, cereals and petroleum products brought down Consumer Price Index (CPI) based inflation marginally to 7.8 per cent in August, government data showed on Friday.
Retail inflation stood at 7.96 per cent in July. In August 2013, retail inflation was at 9.52 per cent.
However, food inflation during the month under review rose to 9.42 per cent over 9.36 per cent in July, an official release said today.
The rate of price rise in vegetables stood at 15.15 per cent in August as against 16.88 per cent in the previous month.
Rate of price increase in cereals and its products turned lower at 7.39 per cent and that for fuel and light it came down at 4.15 per cent.
However, prices of fruits during the month went up with 24.27 per cent rate of inflation.
Inflation in milk and milk products increased to 11.70 per cent during the month under review. Also, pulses and its products were costlier at 6.88 per cent.
Amongst others, food and beverages witnessed no change in price rise at 9.16 per cent, while non-alcoholic beverages prices went down at 6.24 per cent in August.
Eggs, fish and meat were costlier at 7.71 per cent during the month.
Inflation in rural and urban areas in August was 8.35 per cent and 7.04 per cent, respectively. In July, it was 8.37 per cent and 7.42 per cent.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) will unveil its fourth bi-monthly monetary policy statement on September 30, 2014.
In its last policy statement in August, RBI had kept key interest rates unchanged--third time in row - in view of the inflationary expectations and uncertain monsoon conditions .

Why India mustn t worry about a free ScotlandThough it has not criticized the separation of Crimea from Ukraine, New Delhi is uncomfortable with the growing assertion of ethno-nationalism, writes Siddharth Varadarajan.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
This week's "Poke Me", invites your comments on 'Seven reasons why India mustn't worry about an independent Scotland'. The feature will be reproduced on the edit page of the Saturday edition of the newspaper with a pick of readers' best comments.
So be poked and fire in your comments to us right away. Comments reproduced in the paper will be the ones that support or oppose the views expressed here intelligently. Feel free to add reference links etc, in support of your comments.
By Siddharth Varadarajan
'God forbid!' was Sushma Swaraj's reaction when asked how India saw the possible independence of Scotland and the break-up of the United Kingdom . A second later, the External Affairs Minister dialed back on the shock and horror. "It is for Scotland to decide. I have nothing to say," she added.
Voters will decide on September 18 whether Scotland becomes independent or remains a part of the UK. Ms. Swaraj's eventual answer to the question was, of course, the right one for an Indian functionary to give. However, her instinctive response captured the sense of foreboding Indians feel every time there is talk of secession. India has still not reconciled itself to an independent Kosovo, and though it has not criticized the separation of Crimea from Ukraine and its eventual merger with Russia, New Delhi is uncomfortable with the growing assertion of ethno-nationalism.
While India's aversion to secessionism has much to commend itself, there are seven reasons why India, and the rest of the world, should stop worrying about Scottish independence.
First, unlike the ethnic nationalism that propelled the violent break-up of the former Yugoslavia, the movement for Scottish dependence embraces the modern view that everyone in Scotland is a Scot regardless of ethnicity, religion, language (or accent).
Second, the fact that the Scots enjoyed considerable cultural autonomy after the 1707 Act of Union but still favour political independence reminds us that nations are defined not just by identity -- ethnic or geographic -- but by the kind of society they create. Scottish independence was not a serious trend for centuries; but 35 years of Thatcherism, New Labour and now David Cameron's renewed anti-social offensive has undermined Scottish values and alarmed the Scots about the direction their economy and society is going in. Scotland is, in effect, seceding not from Britain but from the clutches of the City of London, which inter alia wants medicine privatised. If the Scots succeed in their quest for a more humane, inclusive economic model, this may encourage the rest of the UK and Europe to think afresh about how they are allowing their own lives to be controlled by banks and financiers.
Third, at a time when the UKIP's reactionary politics is making inroads in England and Wales, and the possibility of the UK voting to exit the European Union is a real danger, independence is the best way to preserve the relationship Scotland's 5 million citizens have with the EU. European officials have said the country will not get its own membership easily. But if Scotland votes yes, the EU must choose whether to be a Europe that respects the will of the people or a top-down project in which states, bureaucrats and bankers are the arbiters. UK politicians have used the EU card to scare Scottish voters and warned that countries like Spain, which have secessionist regions of their own, will veto Scotland's entry. But as the Spanish foreign minister has repeatedly said, how Madrid and the rest of the EU reacts to an independent Scotland depends entirely on how Westminster itself behaves. And Westminster must be driven by both law and realpolitik. Scotland's secession will not only be lawful but if it does break away, the rest of the UK would have an incentive to have excellent relations with it.
Fourth, the peaceful manner in which the process of separation has proceeded is a lesson to the world in how democratic countries tackle challenges like secessionism. If Scotland eventually chooses not to separate, this will be because of the arguments deployed by the unionists and their additional concessions towards full devolution, not because of tanks and guns. This in itself would be a positive lesson in a world where the use of force is seen as more important than dialogue as a means of dealing with secessionist threats.
Fifth, an independent Scotland committed to the abolition of nuclear weapons means Britain must shift its anachronistic Trident missiles and submarines from Faslane and Coulport in Scotland to England - a difficult and costly proposition. Else, it will have to bite the bullet and do what it should have done years ago -- give up its nuclear weapons. If the UK chooses the latter, the world will be a safer place.
Sixth, the separation of Scotland, especially if it eventually leads to a denuclearized UK, will provide a new impetus to the debate over the composition of the UN Security Council where Britain and France both have permanent seats. Proposals like a rotating permanent European seat may gain traction, thereby creating space for emerging world powers like India, Brazil and South Africa.
Seventh, the 'triple lock' proposed by Scottish independence advocates requires any use of force by Scotland to be consistent with the UN Charter, and to be approved by the Scottish government and Scottish parliament. This will help put an end to the abuse of executive power that saw Britain drag Scotland into its illegal invasion of Iraq in 2003.
Whether the 'Yes' side wins or not, the movement for Scottish self-determination has entered a decisive phase. All told, the discourse that the Scots nation-building project has produced is a welcome antidote to both the ethnic chauvinism of separatists and the neoliberal fundamentalism of those who see nations as markets and not people. And that's a good thing for the world.
(The writer is Senior Fellow Center for Public Affairs & Critical Theory, Shiv Nadar University, New Delhi)
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

If Scoltand goes  will Britain exit European Union tooIf Scoltand goes, will Britain exit European Union too?
New York Times Sep 12, 2014, 03.58PM IST
Tags:
(Tremors over a possible…)
By Jenny Anderson
LONDON: Tremors over a possible breakup of the United Kingdom have been felt here in recent days, as markets gyrate and banks make contingency plans.
Yet as Scotland nears its vote on whether to be an independent nation, bankers here worry that a split might unintentionally set in motion a push for what could be a much uglier divorce: an exit of Britain from the European Union.
"There's a sense of, 'If it could happen in Scotland, it could it happen in the UK,'" said Chris Cummings, chief executive of TheCityUK, a lobbying group for the financial sector.
If an independent Scotland would be complicated, a Britain alone in Europe would be a complete mess, financial executives say.
"Certainly the more important of the two is the potential of Britain leaving the EU," said Brian Hilliard, the chief British economist at Societe Generale in London.
Britain, for many businesses, particularly financial services, is a gateway into the rest of the 28-nation European Union, a market of 500 million people, more than the United States and Japan combined. For businesses like Citigroup or Goldman Sachs, having a London office means having a passport for nearly all of Europe. Without that unfettered access, the free flow of capital, talent, and goods and services would have to be renegotiated.
"It is hard to be the gateway to the EU if you are not in the EU," Cummings said.
A diminished gateway status would hurt the financial industry, which accounts for 7 percent of Britain's gross domestic product and nearly 4 percent of jobs. Finance attracts more foreign direct investment than any other sector, and Britain attracts more foreign direct investment than any other member of the EU, according to TheCityUK.
Bankers worry that without the promise of all of Europe behind it, London - rivaled only by New York as the world's leading financial center - would not attract the same interest, and neither would Britain.
"This is the worst possible time for Britain to consider leaving the EU or for Scotland to break with the UK," George Soros, the billionaire financier, wrote in The Financial Times on Thursday.
The calculus behind how Scottish independence could drive an exit by Britain from the European Union - known as Brexit - is political.
Prime Minister David Cameron, responding to calls from the right, including members of his own party, to get out of the EU has agreed to hold a referendum in 2017 on Britain's membership in the union.
Voters in Scotland have been more supportive of the EU than those in the rest of Britain, meaning an independent Scotland removes a significant block of pro-Europe votes in a referendum.
"The absence of the Scottish voters in the referendum in 2017 would clearly shift the balance against Europe," said Graham Bishop, a consultant on European integration based in London.
Complicating matters is the composition of the Labour Party. Forty-one of the 59 Scottish members of Parliament are Labour, and if they leave upon independence, the balance of power tilts toward the Conservative party.
There will be political cost to the Conservatives in the event of a "Yes" vote, however.
Cameron, who offered Scots a referendum on independence, would lose, at the very least, much of his authority as head of a party technically called the Conservative and Unionist Party. He could even lose his job and any successor might seek to placate fury in the party's ranks by ratcheting up the skepticism over the EU.
Nigel Farage, the head of the U.K. Independence Party, or UKIP, has made the strongest case for leaving the union. He contends that Britain has sacrificed its independence to European bureaucrats - or Eurocrats - who have let in a flood of immigrants and stolen the reins of power.
Beyond UKIP, there is a sense that Britain has lost its sway.
"It's the loss of sovereignty, which is embedded deep in the British psyche," Bishop said. "It is the loss of empire and influence that is still nagging."
Britons also see a Continent that is plagued by deflation and stagnation while their economy has staged a fiery comeback from the financial crisis.
Still, for those in business and finance, the effects of a British exit from the EU would overshadow those of losing Scotland.
"Brexit, in my view, would be a far bigger issue for the EU and for this country than the already large issue of Scottish independence," said Ewen Cameron Watt, chief investment strategist at the BlackRock Investment Institute.
So much of Britain's legislative and regulatory systems are now bound by EU law, he noted. "You have to unpick that and you have to unpick financial service issues like regulation, which are already quite challenging."
"Business planning will be very complicated," he added.
Business leaders and bankers, of course, do not like uncertainty and tend to complain when events threaten profits.

Fraternal Investment sells 3 lakh shares of C Mahendra ExpoSep 13, 2014, 11.53 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Fraternal Investment sells 3 lakh shares of C Mahendra Expo
Fraternal Investment (P) Ltd sold 300,000 shares of C Mahendra Exports at Rs 30.90 on the NSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fraternal Investment sells 3 lakh shares of C Mahendra Expo
Fraternal Investment (P) Ltd sold 300,000 shares of C Mahendra Exports at Rs 30.90 on the NSE.
Post your opinion here
 
On September 12, 2014 Fraternal Investment (P) Ltd sold 300,000 shares of C Mahendra Exports  at Rs 30.90 on the NSE.
On September 12, 2014 C Mahendra Exports closed at Rs 30.80, up Rs 1.45, or 4.94 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 259.00 and 52-week low Rs 27.90 on 30 December, 2013 and 12 September, 2014, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Weak industry stubborn inflation hinder India s recoverySep 14, 2014, 09.38 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Weak industry & stubborn inflation hinder India's recovery
The numbers come after the economy posted its fastest growth in 2-1/2 years in the quarter to June, helped by a revival in industry. Prime Minister Narendra Modi seized on that figure to highlight the "huge positive sentiment" behind India's recovery.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Weak industry & stubborn inflation hinder India's recovery
The numbers come after the economy posted its fastest growth in 2-1/2 years in the quarter to June, helped by a revival in industry. Prime Minister Narendra Modi seized on that figure to highlight the "huge positive sentiment" behind India's recovery.
Post your opinion here
 
India's industrial output growth hit a four-month low in July while inflation remained high, underscoring the struggle of Asia's third-largest economy to make a sustained recovery from its longest stretch of sub-par growth in decades.
Output from mines, utilities and factories grew by a much slower-than-expected 0.5 percent year-on-year, government data showed on Friday, down from June's revised 3.9 percent rise.
Output growth hit a 19-month high of 5.0 percent in May.
Retail inflation, which the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) tracks for setting lending rates, edged down marginally to 7.8 percent in August from 7.96 percent a month earlier, helped by slower annual rises in prices of fuel and clothes.
The numbers come after the economy posted its fastest growth in 2-1/2 years in the quarter to June, helped by a revival in industry. Prime Minister Narendra Modi seized on that figure to highlight the "huge positive sentiment" behind India's recovery.
However, high inflation would make it tougher for Modi to encourage Indian consumers, who power nearly 60 percent of the economy, to loosen their purse strings. It would also make the RBI wary of lowering interest rates later this month.
The RBI, which wants to reduce retail inflation to 6 percent by 2016, left interest rates steady last month, citing inflationary risks from a late monsoon.
While better rainfall in recent weeks, falling global crude prices, moderating vegetable prices and a favourable statistical base will likely help lower inflation, rates are widely expected to remain on hold when the RBI reviews them on Sept. 30.
"The outlook on inflation seems less discomforting than it was a month back," says Upasna Bhardwaj, an economist at ING Vysya Bank, in Mumbai.
"We continue to expect that RBI will keep its policy rate unchanged through fiscal year 2014/15 (March 2015) with a probable action mid-next year."
The prospects of a revival in demand-driven price pressures following a pick-up in economic activity and sooner-than-expected interest rate increases in the U.S. are also expected to weigh on the central bank's rate decision.
Any decision by the U.S. Federal Reserve to raise rates, which have been held near zero since December 2008, will have implications for India, as it could lead to capital outflows, weakening the rupee and inflating costs of imported commodities.
Modi won India's strongest electoral mandate in 30 years in May, vowing to lift sliding economic growth, cool inflation and create enough jobs for its young workforce.
BULLISH INVESTORS, GLUM CONSUMERS
The optimism fanned by Modi's rise to power has already brought inflows of nearly $14 billion of foreign funds into Indian equities this year as investors bet that his drive to cut red tape will revive stalled projects and underpin the economic recovery.
The 50-share Nifty has gained over 30 percent in US dollar terms this year to become the best-performing equity index in Asia. Goldman Sachs upgraded its target for the index this week, citing optimism over future earnings of Indian firms.
To sustain this euphoria, economists say, Modi must overhaul India's strained public finances, stringent land acquisition laws, chaotic tax regime and rigid labour rules.
During his first 100 days in office, the new prime minister showed little appetite for such structural changes, and there is concern that sharply higher growth in the last quarter could reduce their urgency.
That could be damaging for an economy that is still hobbled by slack consumption and weak business investment. Persistently high inflation and years of stagnant growth have forced consumers to cut discretionary spending.
Consumer goods output, a proxy for consumer demand, has grown in just two of the last 19 months. It fell an annual 7.4 percent in July.
Firms are shying away from fresh investments. Capital goods production fell 3.8 percent from a year earlier.
"The pro-business government has facilitated the investment climate and boosted confidence, but more needs to be done to get back to a period of high growth and low inflation," said Rohini Malkani, an analyst at Citi.
RELATED NEWS

Barack Obama condemns "barbaric murder" of British aid worker by ISTop 3 picks: Mindtree, IFB Industries, Cadila Healthcare
Mindtree: Revenue has grown at an impressive CAGR of 26% during FY11-14, while PAT has grown at a CA...

Jumping a red light may soon cost you Rs 5 000Jumping a red light may soon cost you Rs 5,000; cellphone use Rs 4,000
By Dipak K Dash, TNN | 14 Sep, 2014, 10.39AM IST
0
Share More
The draft Road Transport and Safety Bill, which seeks to tame traffic violators and habitual offenders, has proposed manifold jump in fines and jail term. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: If you jump a traffic light, drive on the wrong side of the road, refuse to snap on the seat belt or obstruct emergency vehicles, you may soon have to cough up a fine of Rs 5,000. And if you repeat these offences, the penalty could climb to Rs 10,000 and even Rs 15,000, your licence could be suspended and you may be packed off to a refresher driving course.
As was first reported in TOI, the draft Road Transport and Safety Bill , which seeks to tame traffic violators and habitual offenders, has proposed manifold jump in fines and jail term.
If a child is killed by a speeding vehicle, the driver will have to pay a fine of Rs 3 lakh and face seven years' imprisonment. Those caught driving "dangerously" with children on board would lose their licence, be slapped with a fine of Rs 15,000 and even face imprisonment. Being caught without a helmet may leave your purse lighter by Rs 2,500 and using a mobile phone while driving, anything from Rs 4,000 to Rs 10,000 depending on the frequency of violations.
The draft Bill, which was posted online on Saturday for public comments, also proposes high penalty of Rs 5 lakh on automobile companies who release faulty vehicles into the market. Auto dealers who deliver a vehicle without a registration number may end up paying a fine of Rs 1 lakh. To check drunken driving, the draft Bill proposes fines between Rs 15,000 and Rs 50,000 depending on the percentage of alcohol detected in the blood. These offences would also invite imprisonment for six months to two years. In the case of school bus drivers, the fine would be as high as Rs 50,000 with a jail term up to three years.
"These provisions have been made considering the three main reasons behind road crashes and fatalities - speeding, drunken driving and refusal to wear seat belts and helmets," said a road transport ministry official.
In a first, the road transport ministry has also proposed setting up of one central agency — on the lines of National Highway Traffic Safety Authority ( NHTSA ) in the US - which will be responsible for a whole range of traffic issues such as setting norms for the issue of driving licences and vehicle registration, vehicle safety, robust data collection and multi-disciplinary crash investigation.
"All these years road safety was an orphan issue because no single agency owned responsibility. Countries that have brought down road deaths significantly have created a nodal agency. Once this body comes into place there will be unified coordinated effort involving the states and the Centre," a road ministry official said.The Bill has proposed the setting up of Highway Traffic Regulation and Protection Force by state governments to enforce traffic regulations and ensure smooth traffic flow. The members of the force will have the authority to impound violating vehicles and arrest drivers found flouting traffic norms. This is important because about 63% of the 1.38 lakh deaths every year on India's roads happen on national and state highways.
The draft Bill has also come out with a detailed pro forma to record details at crash sites to ensure a thorough investigation. Usually, the police blame drivers for accidents on the basis of eyewitness accounts and don't bother with a detailed investigation into other factors.
There is also a proposal to set up a Motor Accident Fund to provide compulsory insurance cover to all road users. This would be used to help grievously injured persons and to compensate one or more legal representatives of a victim who dies in a road accident caused by someone else.

India s trendiest start-ups operating out of cafesAnjali Batra, 24 (right), Shuchir Suri, 26 (standing), co-founders, Food Talk India, and Akhil Chandra, 30 (centre), founder, Studiomosaicapps.com
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
At 28, Ritu Ghuwalewala learnt to fire an employee. Highly qualified, he was a crucial and only local member of her team in Mumbai back in 2012. For Ritu, an Indore girl, this was a tough, growing-up moment. "If it had been an office where ours was the only company, I do not know how I would have done it," says Ritu, whose brother and cofounder of their start-up, Aditya, worked out of the United States.
Luckily she was not operating out of her own office. She had peers around her. At Bombay Connect, a coworking hub in Mumbai's upscale neighbourhood of Bandra, Ritu had a large group of entrepreneurs to advise her on how to let go of an employee who wasn't shaping up.
The Ghuwalewalas had started big-data analysis firm MavenMagnet in 2009. Aditya had written the software in the US and Ritu, who had worked with Johnson & Johnson earlier, started the research teams in India. Ritu chose to work out of Bombay Connect in 2012 and build her Mumbai team, which now has six members. She has another team working from hometown Indore.
Bombay Connect looks anything but a regular office space. Its colourful walls attracted Ritu when she paid her first visit. The seating though spacious is informal. She says the casual and happening atmosphere has helped her retain and hire good talent.
"We are hiring MBAs who have some expectations of their workplace . It is tough as a start-up to provide that," she explains. Her employees, however, stay interested, courtesy workshops and events organized by Bombay Connect and a melange of talented people who cowork there with other start-ups.
All-India Scenario
Bombay Connect is not a unique experience any more. In Mumbai itself, there are at least half a dozen other coworking hubs of different shades that start-ups and entrepreneurs now prefer to work out of, instead of renting out expensive real estate or working out of home or the garage. And it is a trend across the country. All the major metros, plus small states and cities like Goa, Pune, Ahmedabad and Ernakulum, now boast of such spaces. And each has its own flavour.
In Delhi's Hauz Khas village, overlooking the lake and the walk ways, is Social Offline. It is a cafe-cum-coworking hub that transforms into a bar after 6 pm. The entry is low-key and sudden with a tunnel-like passage and some colourful art work on the wall. But it gets better as you go in.
Huddled at a table on the first floor are Anjali Batra, 24, and Shuchir Suri, 26 — hard at work on their phones and notebooks. The ambience — soft lighting, couches, EDM music and a bar counter not too far away — would suggest that the duo were living it up away from the office.
They're living it up alright — but they're also hard at work. Batra and Suri are the founders of Food Talk India, and they work out of Social Offline at least twice a week. "I couldn't have asked for a more hip working place in such a great location," says Batra, who lives in Defence Colony in south Delhi. Suri commutes from Gurgaon where they also have a six-people office.
Page 1 of 4

Maximum interplay and employee interaction boosts productivityYou are here: Home > Collections > Bcg
'Maximum interplay and employee interaction boosts workplace productivity'
Dibeyendu Ganguly, ET Bureau Sep 12, 2014, 05.02AM IST
(In his recent book, Six Simple…)
The home television is Yves Morieux's favorite example of cooperation and how it differs from collaboration or coordination. Cooperation is when the wife reads a book when the husband wants to watch a major sports event or the husband decides to go for a walk when the wife's favorite soap is on. There is a trade-off, a compromise where each one agrees to a sacrifice.
Buying two televisions, on the other hand, is not cooperation, though this is what many loving couples do in order to avoid imposing trade-offs on each other. The organisational equivalent is pumping in more resources to solve a problem, like the bank that creates a 'middle office' to interface between its warring back-office and front office.
Instead of finding ways to get its people to cooperate, the organisation increases complexity. "Cooperation means using less resources but we avoid it because it is difficult and causes strained relationships. It is easier to buy a second TV," says Morieux .
As a senior consultant with The Boston Consulting Group (BCG), Morieux has worked with over 500 companies and he's found that lack of cooperation is usually the main source of unhappiness in organisations, leading to employee disengagement and loss of productivity.
In a recent TED talk in San Francisco, he declared that competitive advantage has nothing to do with the competition -- it is an internal battle against ourselves.
Revolutionary words, given that competitive strategy has always been BCG's mainstay but Morieux says, "The competitor is just a rhetoric, I have never met him. But the complexity and bureaucracy we have created in our organisations is a reality and we must battle it."
In his recent book, Six Simple Rules: How to manage complexity without getting complicated, co-authored with BCG colleague Peter Tollman, Morieux lays out some ground rules.
The rules he lists are by no means simple ("Simple actually means not impossible," he says in a telephonic interview from Washington) but for large organisations struggling with increasing complexity, they have the potential to be a lifesaver.
The first rule is to understand what people in the organisation do -- how they cooperate, find resources, solve problems -- which is not always easy for those at the top. Here, Morieux gives the example of a major hotel chain he worked with, which was then faced with low profitability due to low occupancy rates, poor per-room revenues and low customer satisfaction levels.
The problem, it turned out, stemmed from rooms that were held out of service for maintenance. Housekeeping saw maintenance issues but didn't call them in since employees here were incentivised to clean rooms fast and repairs only slowed things down.
Receptionists bore the brunt of customer's anger and were faced with two options: give rebates or transfer them to other rooms. They kept rooms in reserve just for this purpose, thereby reducing occupancy rates and profits.
On BCG's advice, the hotel chain solved the problem by giving receptionists power over housekeeping and maintenance so that they could cooperate to solve customer problems without giving rooms away.
In addition, it changed management career paths so they could learn what others did and how they all fit together. The hotel receptionist is a natural 'integrator', a special category of people that are the focus of Morieux's second rule: reinforce integrators.
"You can recognise a potential integrator from the fact that he or she is the one suffering most from lack of cooperation. The receptionist is this type. The second type is the one who is powerful and doesn't need to cooperate. In this case you have to find ways to make them cooperate," says Morieux.
The third of Morieux's six simple rules is to increase the total quantity of power within the organisation, which essentially means you need to be careful to make it a positive-sum game. "If you take a zero-sum, taking power away from one person and giving it to another, there will always be a negative impact. The idea is to create new goals and give people the power and responsibility over them," he says.
In the hotel chain example, the power given to the receptionists to oversee cooperation with maintenance and house-keeping was in line with the goal of reducing the number of rooms kept in reserve. It did not take away from anyone else's power.
In a world that is becoming more interdependent, corporates need to follow suit and ensure there is maximum interplay and interaction among employees. Increased reciprocity, the fourth rule, has to be direct and not enforced through intermediate 'middle offices' set up solely for increasing cooperation, like a second TV.

Perks of Google: Now work  eat  sleep at your officePerks of Google: Now work, eat, sleep at your office
By Business Insider | 12 Sep, 2014, 10.42AM IST
0
Share More
Media reports say that employees tend to live in the campus of Google for long as the perks are very attractive.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
Why bother paying rent when you can shower, eat, work-out, do laundry and sleep at your office? Google perks are so good, some employees say they've spent weeks living on campus to avoid paying rent, according to a Quora thread.
"Technically, you weren't supposed to live at the office, but people got around that by living in their cars in the parking lot of the office or the Shoreline parking lot," one Googler writes. "[One] guy lived in the camper for 2-3 years. Showered at the gym. Did his laundry on campus. Ate every meal on campus he could. After the 2-3 years, he had saved up enough money to buy a house."
Former Google designer Brandon Oxedine says he lived on Google's campus for three months in 2013. "I was in a unique situation working at Google where I had showers and food that were very convenient to me," he writes on Quora. "I lived in a Volvo station wagon...I set up a twin mattress from Ikea and put up black curtains (on the 90 per cent blacked out windows) and slept there mostly every night."
Ben Discoe, a Google [X] UI programmer, says he lived on Google's campus for 13 months. "I had a house payment and alimony to pay," Discoe writes. "No money left for South Bay rental prices. I got a 1990 GMC Vandura custom conversion van for $1,800 [`1.09 lakh] and that (roughly speaking) was my entire rent for the 13 months." He, like Oxedine, also put Ikea mattresses in his car and used curtains to block out the light.
Where is Google's security in all this? Discoe says a security guard came by once during his stay at the Googleplex, learned he was an employee, and never came back. It's not clear what the Googlers like Discoe did when they had to go to the bathroom at night.

Congress moves PM Narendra Modi for re-probe into Mumbai Centaur Hotels saleTop 3 picks: Mindtree, IFB Industries, Cadila Healthcare
Mindtree: Revenue has grown at an impressive CAGR of 26% during FY11-14, while PAT has grown at a CA...

Intelligent driving solutions feature in new Motor BillYou are here: Home > Collections > Imprisonment
Intelligent driving solutions feature in new Motor Bill
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 11.48AM IST
Tags:
Motor Accident Fund
(The Narendra Modi government…)
NEW DELHI: Intelligent speed adaptation, driver alert control and eye drowsiness detectors are some of the features proposed in new Motor Bill that seeks to prevent at least 2 lakh road accident deaths in next five years through hefty penalties and jail-terms.
The Narendra Modi government has unveiled an ambitious 'vision' for reducing road fatalities by 20 per cent annually as part of the draft Road Transport & Safety Bill 2014, concerned over an alarming 1.38 lakh road accident deaths, the highest in the globe.
Motor Vehicles regulation provides for "technologies such as intelligent speed adaptation, driver alert control, eye drowsiness detectors, distance closure rate detection and green box monitoring," as per the draft unveiled yesterday.
Driver drowsiness detection is a car safety device which prevents accidents when the driver is getting drowsy.
The Bill is aimed at bringing down fatalities in road accidents by two lakh in the first five years in a scenario where India reports around 5 lakh road accidents annually.
The Bill provides for simplified single-window automated driving licence systems including unified biometric systems to avoid licence duplication.
Among various measures to ensure road safety, the draft provides for wearing of belt by driver and passenger.
"A person is guilty of an offence if such person does not wear a seat belt, as a driver or passenger, when driving or riding in a motor vehicle on a road," it said.
Also, the draft makes it mandatory for bus and other passengers to wear seat belts.
In case of children below 8 years it says, "except as provided by regulations, a parent or guardian of the child, or in the absence of such parent or guardian, the driver of the motor vehicle must not without reasonable excuse allow a child below the age of eight years to occupy the front seat of a motor vehicle when the vehicle is in motion."
The Bill provides for up to Rs 5,000 penalty for violation of provisions related to wearing seat belts while in case of head gears it is Rs 2,500.
Seeking to come down heavily on traffic offenders, it proposes penalty of up to Rs 3 lakh along with a minimum 7-year imprisonment for death of a child in certain circumstances, besides huge fines for driving violations.
It also proposes a fine of Rs 5 lakh per vehicle as well as imprisonment for faulty manufacturing design, besides cancellation of licences for rash and negligent driving.
The Bill, unveiled by Road Transport and Highways Ministry for seeking suggestion from stakeholders, proposes penalty of up to Rs 1 lakh or imprisonment for six months which may extend to one year or both in case of using vehicle in unsafe conditions.
First offence for drunk driving will attract "Rs 25,000 fine, or imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 months, or with both, and a six-month license suspension."
"Second offence within three years will result in Rs 50,000 penalty or imprisonment for up to one year or both and a one year licence suspension.
"Any subsequent offence shall result in the cancellation of the licence, and impounding of the vehicle which may extend for 30 days," draft Road Transport & Safety Bill 2014 said.
If school bus drivers are caught driving drunk, Rs 50,000 fine will be imposed with imprisonment for three years while "immediate cancellation" of licence will take place in case of drivers in the age-group of 18 to 25 years involved in such incidences.
Causing death of a child in certain circumstances will result in "Rs 3 lakh fine, and imprisonment for a term not less than 7 years" while violating traffic signal three times will result in Rs 15,000 fine, licence cancellation for a month and a compulsory refresher training, it said.
It also provides for graded point system for imposing fines.
The ministry has sought comments from public and stakeholders on the Bill and will thereafter finalise it for presentation to Parliament and passage during the ensuing winter session.
Commenting on the Bill, Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari has said: "Providing safe, efficient, cost effective and faster transport across the country is our mission...Our new Bill gives emphasis on E-governance to bring in transparency in the transport sector. Our new 'golden hour' policy will provide immediate relief to accident victims and will help save lakhs of lives.
The Golden Hour policy provides for treatment to road accident victims within one hour.
Other features include unified vehicle registration system, single National Road Transport & Multinational Coordination Authority and Goods Transport and National Freight Policy .
It encompasses provisions for safety of vehicles, including implementation of safety equipment of motor vehicles.
The Bill has been drafted in sync with the best practises of six advanced nations - US, Canada, Singapore, Japan, Germany and the UK.
It aims to ensure electronic detection and centralised offences information to identify repeat-offenders.
The Bill proposes constitution of Highway Traffic Regulation and Protection Force constituted and maintained by the state governments, for the purpose of effective policing and enforcement of traffic regulations on highways.
The Bill proposes a Motor Accident Fund for the purpose of providing compulsory insurance cover to all road users in the territory of India.
Several provisions of the Motor Vehicles Act of 1988, especially those related to penalties for violations, have not been found to be effective in checking road accidents. The Act was last amended in 2001.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Steep penalties  7-year jail for child death in certain casesLicences
( Seeking to come down heavily…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to come down heavily on traffic offenders, government today proposed steep penalties of up to Rs 3 lakh along with a minimum 7-year imprisonment for death of a child in certain circumstances, besides huge fines for driving violations.
The new Road Safety and Transport Bill 2014 also proposes a fine of Rs 5 lakh per vehicle as well as imprisonment for faulty manufacturing design, besides cancellation of licences for rash and negligent driving.
The Bill, unveiled today by Road Transport and Highways Ministry for seeking suggestion from stakeholders, proposes penalty of up to Rs 1 lakh or imprisonment for six months which may extend to one year or both in case of using vehicle in unsafe conditions.
First offence for drunk driving will attract "Rs 25,000 fine, or imprisonment for a term not exceeding 3 months, or with both, and a six-month license suspension. Second offence within three years will result in Rs 50,000 penalty or imprisonment for up to one year or both and a one year license suspension.
Any subsequent offence shall result in the cancellation of the licence, and impounding of the vehicle which may extend for 30 days," it said.
If school bus drivers are caught driving drunk, Rs 50,000 fine will be imposed with imprisonment for three years while "immediate cancellation" of licence will take place in case of drivers in the age-group of 18 to 25 years involved in such incidences.
Causing death of a child in certain circumstances will result in "Rs 3 lakh fine, and imprisonment for a term not less than 7 years" while violating traffic signal three times will result in Rs 15,000 fine, licence cancellation for a month and a compulsory refresher training, the draft Bill said.
It also provides for graded point system for imposing fines.
The ministry has sought comments from public and stakeholders on the Bill and will thereafter finalise it for presentation to Parliament during the ensuing winter session
FEATURED ARTICLES

Brand USA eyes over 1 million Indian visitors to US in 2015You are here: Home > Collections
Brand USA eyes over 1 million Indian visitors to US in 2015
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 11.41AM IST
Tags:
Brand USA
(REPRESENTATIVE IMAGE:…)
NEW DELHI: Aiming to attract over a million visitors from India, the US is undertaking various promotional initiatives to position itself as a premier travel destination.
Brand USA, established by the Travel Promotion Act 2010 as a public-private partnership responsible for promoting US, plans to develop online, social and digital programmes to be followed by consumer advertising on electronic media in India.
"We are expecting one million and seventy thousand Indian visitors in USA during 2015. We are taking many initiatives for this," Brand USA Global Partnership Development Vice President Jay Gray told PTI.
During the current year Brand USA expects around 9,60,000 Indian travellers. In 2013, around 8,60,000 Indian visitors came to US, he added.
According to Brand USA, in 2013 India was ranked 11th among the top 20 tourist generating countries in the US, an increase of 18.6 over the previous year. Indian visitors also ranked 10th globally in terms of money spent in the US.
The average duration of Indian visitor was 20 nights in 2013, spending around USD 4,500 per person that amounted to a total of USD 5.6 billion in 2013, Gray said.
On being asked about the main reasons for which Indians visit USA, Gray said: "It is leisure, business and meetings, incentives, conferences, and exhibitions ( MICE )."
The main drivers for growth are the diversity and affordable luxury experience which US offers that makes it the greatest destination, he added.
"We are also promoting soft adventures, outdoors to the young Indians as India has a huge population which is under 35 years," Gray said.
The third annual India travel mission by Brand USA this year witnessed participation of 41 delegates representing 30 US companies including destinations attractions, hotels and receptive operators.
FEATURED ARTICLES

EBay to launch an in-app mobile advertising networkadvertising network
(EBay plans to launch an advertising…)
SAN FRANCISCO: EBay Inc plans to launch an advertising network for its mobile app , moving the company into the lucrative, fast-growing market for ads on devices such as smart phones and tablets.
"Now, for the first time, we're giving you the opportunity to connect with eBay users throughout their entire shopping journey," according to a new page on the company's website.
Mobile ad spending in the United States will total $17.73 billion this year, up 83 per cent from $9.69 billion in 2013, according to industry research firm eMarketer.
EBay said its mobile users spend three times as much time on its site compared to its nearest rival, who eBay did not name.
Because eBay users have a single, universal login, the company can track their activity across all devices. EBay is working with Triad Retail Media to place the advertisements.
The Wall Street Journal first reported the news.
FEATURED ARTICLES

What made Scotland agree to a merger with EnglandYou are here: Home > Collections > Scotland
What made Scotland agree to a merger with England 300 years ago? Prospects of growing rich in India
Vikram Doctor, ET Bureau Sep 14, 2014, 04.07AM IST
Tags:
Scotland
(Haggis was news because…)
Michael Currie, the chieftain of the Delhi Caledonian Society, which promotes Scottish connections and culture, knows of someone in Delhi who makes a proper haggis. This could be described as a primitive sausage made of sheep offal (liver, lungs, heart) mixed with oats and spices, stuffed in a sheep stomach and boiled. Haggis is one of the great symbols of Scotland and imperative on the menu at occasions like Burns Night, January 25, the birthday of national poet Robert Burns, or St Andrew's Day, November 30, the feast of Scotland's patron saint. But Currie can't tell how this Delhi haggis tastes. "I'm vegetarian," he says. "We get a version made with nuts, lentils and vegetables." It sounds like oats uppuma. The Times of India (ToI) on November 13, 1897 described haggis in detail, including recipes using lamb offal, calf 's head and even a sweet version, but not vegetarian. The haggis then served in Bombay came in cans from Scotland, and on October 27, 1928, ToI reported happily that frozen haggis had arrived just in time.
Haggis was news because St Andrew's Day was a big event across India. Its timing meant it kicked off the 'cold season' when much of the work, and partying, in British India got done. It was the rare chance for the predominantly English government officials to meet the predominantly Scottish merchants and hear their concerns. Above all, it was a chance for Scots to show their numbers and power. In 1868 Sir Charles Dilke had written how "from Dunedin to Bombay, for every Englishman that you meet who has worked himself to wealth from small beginnings without external aid, you find ten Scotchmen. It is strange, indeed, that Scotland has not become the popular term for the United Kingdom."
Visions of an Empire
Dilke's words might seem ironic in a week when Scotland might vote to end that United Kingdom. A thwarted desire for empire was why Scotland had assented to the 1707 union of parliaments of the two countries, which is essentially what the current referendum seeks to end. And the empire the British offered was the glue that got them to stay in it. It is a story that starts, like many Scottish stories, with disaster and drink. The disaster was the Darien scheme, an ambitious attempt for Scotland to grow abroad as other European countries were doing in the 17th century. Scotland was technically independent then, only joined to England by a common monarch, but in practice found itself marginalized by powerful English interests, like the East India Company (EIC).
The EIC was then rapidly expanding its control in India and perhaps this persuaded Scottish leaders they needed their own colonies. Without access to foreign funds, they raised what they could within Scotland and picked the Gulf of Darien in Panama as the place from where to build a Scottish empire. But the expeditions that sailed, in 1698 and 1699, almost instantly failed in the hot, malarial climate, and this wiped out a large chunk of Scotland's wealth. This dire financial situation pushed the Scottish elites into considering an offer of union with England.
The English offer came from the events of 1688 when the strongly Protestant country deposed King James II for being Catholic, and put his daughter Mary, and her Dutch husband William on the throne. James's supporters, the Jacobites, kept plotting to regain control and since the royal family was Scottish ( James's grandfather, James VI of Scotland, succeeded Elizabeth I as James I of England) one way would have been to invade Scotland and claim its throne. When Mary's sister Anne became Queen in 1702 the English government decided to secure the throne by merging the kingdoms.
  Ship to India
Some nobles benefitted from the Union, but it was very unpopular with most Scots. The English at first mostly ignored Scottish discontent, but events like the tax riots of 1725 forced their attention. The tax was on malt, the basic ingredient in beer and whisky, which was hitting Scots where it hurt. The furious reaction made Sir Robert Walpole, the prime minister, realize appeasement was needed — and India was the answer. "It was to be bribery, but there were few lay or ecclesiastical preferments in Scotland to spread around. Only the abundance of EIC favours saved the day," writes George K McGilvary, in his paper "The Scottish Connection with India, 1725-1833".

How marketers can build brands without spending much(Red Bull sales went up past…)
By Mahesh Murthy
A little less than two years ago, Austrian skydiver Felix Baumgartner jumped from a hot air balloon 39 km above the earth. He didn't just change sky diving records — he also changed marketing directors' notions on how to build brands. Baumgartner's jump was conceptualized, paid for and managed by energy-drink company Red Bull. Organising it cost less than $15 million, but it was aired for free on 40 TV networks in 50 countries, set YouTube viewership records globally and generated at least $150 million worth of adequivalent publicity for Red Bull.
But it wasn't just visibility. Red Bull sales went up past the $5-billion mark and profits rose too — remember you pay Rs 95 for Red Bull's 200-ml canto and Rs 20 for Coke's 330-ml. All this while Red Bull spent next to nothing on ads or media, and is the dominant leader in energy drinks with four times Coke's market share.
Spain-based retailer Zara does even better. It's grown to $20 billion in sales and the largest apparel brand in the world, but you'll never see its ads in the glossies or on TV. This is because it has never needed to advertise.
The story is more common online. Dominant brands like Google, Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp have never needed to advertise. Quick, when did you ever see an ad for them? In fact, WhatsApp at the time of its sale to Facebook (for $19 billion) said it didn't even have a marketing person on the rolls.
Ad Spend and Brand Health
This is the new age of brand building. Smart marketers have figured out that they can grow top line and profits without having to spend much on ads and media, if they have the insight and intuition on how to be remark-worthy so that the public gets to talk about them and do the job that otherwise expensive 20-second commercials do.
And in every case — contrary to marketing consultant Kotler and the outdated norms of "shareof-voice" and "share-of-spend" — dominant brands have spent much less than the No. 2 and stragglers.
Ralph Lauren and Calvin Klein, a fraction of Zara's size, outspend it to no avail. Bing spent a huge amount on ads but couldn't budge Google a bit. Closer home, WeChat enlisted Bollywood stars and big budgets but didn't deter WhatsApp even the slightest.
Some Indian brands have learnt the art: Red-Bus — caveat, I was an investor here — grew to eight times' MakeMyTrip's size in bus ticketing without spending a dime on TV or print. CarWale — again an investee — grew past better funded competition by choosing not to burn their funding on expensive ads. Increasingly, a big ad spend is not a sign of brand health, but of brand illness. If your brand needs to pay to be on media and can't earn its way there by its own remark-worthiness, then you're simply not being smart enough.
As I'm fond of saying, your advertising budget is inversely proportional to your marketing IQ. What can you do to change this? Start by recognising the enemy. Consider this example.
Say I was a doctor and I didn't really charge much of a fee for my prescriptions but instead took a kickback on the drugs I asked you to buy. Of course, I'd prescribe as much as I could get away with — but very soon you wouldn't trust me one bit.
So why would you trust the agency system that works exactly this way? We spend Rs 35,000 crore on media every year — that's about Rs 3,500 crore in undeclared kickbacks to media agencies above and beyond the fees that you give them. Remember it's called an agency because it's an agent. Creative agencies are the other half of the problem. When they can charge Rs 2 crore for a TV commercial and Rs 2 lakh for one on YouTube, you can imagine which one they recommend. Even though the viewership of YouTube or mobile video far eclipses that of every other TV channel in India.
  Doing it Differently
The answer to everything is not to go digital — thought that's certainly a step. It's pointless to buy likes on Facebook, and more pointless to pay for visibility there. Smart brands will work to get it for free.
What it comes down to is this: can you find a way of being talked about by people? Start with the offering itself — how different or delight-inspiring can your product or service be? Decathlon has grown to lead sports goods retail in India without hiring a celeb athlete or paying ESPN. This is because the stores are remark-worthy. If the product isn't talk-worthy, can you create a buzz around it? Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), an unknown disease, made headlines with the ice bucket challenge that went from mouth to mouth and head to head. Cadbury Dairy Milk won the last IPL without being a sponsor — by out-smarting and not outspending Pepsi, which was.
There's a free media network that covers a few billion people called word of mouth. If you're smart, you can consistently use it to win the market. If you're not, well there are a bunch of agencies waiting to take your money.
The writer is a marketing expert and venture capitalist
FEATURED ARTICLES

Investors await shift in Feds languageSeptember 14, 2014 2:28 pm
Investors await shift in Fed’s rate language
By Michael Mackenzie in New York and Gregory Meyer in Chicago
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7a74f356-39d4-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotland votes sterling affect watchedSeptember 14, 2014 3:55 pm
Scots vote provides highlight following big swings in sterling
By Gavin Jackson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0eaee188-3a72-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BJP hits back at Shiv Sena  says next Maharashtra govt under our leadershipTop 3 picks: Mindtree, IFB Industries, Cadila Healthcare
Mindtree: Revenue has grown at an impressive CAGR of 26% during FY11-14, while PAT has grown at a CA...

Industrial projs to get security clearance within 12 weeksSep 14, 2014, 04.17 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Industrial projs to get security clearance within 12 weeks
"A detailed guidelines has been issued to streamline the process of granting security clearance for proposals relating to infrastructure which will result in expeditious clearance of proposals from security point of view," a Home Ministry official said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Industrial projs to get security clearance within 12 weeks
"A detailed guidelines has been issued to streamline the process of granting security clearance for proposals relating to infrastructure which will result in expeditious clearance of proposals from security point of view," a Home Ministry official said.
Post your opinion here
 
Industrial and infrastructure project proposals will get security clearance within 12 weeks as the Home Ministry has streamlined the process by issuing a detailed guideline in this regard.
The decision has been taken as part of the Narendra Modi government's push for attracting FDI for infrastructure projects and setting up of industries, which is expected to create jobs, revive economy and bring overall growth .
"A detailed guidelines has been issued to streamline the process of granting security clearance for proposals relating to infrastructure which will result in expeditious clearance of proposals from security point of view," a Home Ministry official said.
Under the new guidelines, the Home Ministry will decide on security clearances for any project forwarded by any Ministry or Department within a strict time-frame of 12 weeks.
If there is any "adverse" comments by the security agencies for any project, the Home Ministry will share it with the nodal Ministry or Department compulsorily.
However, in case of extraordinary situation, the Ministry will convey to the promoter the reasons for delay and expected time for clearing the nod.
The Home Ministry will also actively pursue with the intelligence agencies, which collect the background information about the promoters, source of funds and funding pattern, so that they provide their inputs on time.
In 2013, a total of 42 FDI proposals in strategic sectors like aviation, telecom, infrastructure were received by the Home Ministry for security clearance and 27 of them had been cleared while in 2012, 36 FDI proposals were received for security clearance and 33 of these were granted clearance.
Industries often complaint of delay in getting security clearance which some time took as long as six months to one year. Power, Surface Transport, Shipping were some of the sectors whose security clearance took months.
The Prime Minister's Office is said to be closely monitoring the exercise to streamline the process of granting security clearance as delay in giving approval to various projects has been considered as a "major bottleneck" for the timely completion of various industrial initiatives.
RELATED NEWS

The phenomenology of the handshakeUpdated: September 14, 2014 00:26 IST
The phenomenology of the handshake
Mohammad Asim Siddiqui
The Hindu A firm handshake may be more than enough
TOPICS
human interest
Shaking hands with this strongly built former Army man is quite an experience. He shakes hands with you firmly, will look you in the eye gently, and greet you with a very polite ‘how are you’. However, post-handshake, your fingers and palm will take a little time to recover from the unexpected exercise. The experience is not altogether physical.
The handshake, historically popular in different cultures, is an act meant to establish contact between two human beings. Human beings are bound to each other in a great chain of being, and a handshake is a link in this chain.
More than the ritual itself, it is the manner of shaking hands which says it all: it reveals if the chain is valued or not. In our culture, a handshake that is slightly less solid than our Army man friend’s can be considered normative. A hand offered perfunctorily could reflect indifference and an absence of warmth. Human beings have a responsibility towards their cultural environment. The output depends on the input. A firm, friendly and warm handshake is a positive input in our environment; it usually produces a positive output. An unsure hand could well release negative vibes.
A handshake that lasts for some duration also makes a statement. In most meetings between top leaders, the act of the handshake is watched closely. When Narendra Modi shook hands with Nawaz Sharif at his swearing-in ceremony, it was estimated that he held the Pakistan leader’s hand for a full 26 seconds, looking him in the eye. In a way he appeared to have gained some psychological points before the eager cameramen and reporters.
Who shakes hands with whom can offer a study in gender relations, changing manners and the dynamics of power in relationships.
In a patriarchal set-up, men do not shake hands with women. Women offering their hands for a handshake would even be looked down upon. In the urban professional set-up where patriarchal customs are weakening, some women may shake hands with men and some will not. In any case, a handshake between a man and a woman in a professional situation would be gentle and brief. In traditional Muslim households there was a time when women simply greeted each other but did not usually shake hands with each other. In the same kind of households now, handshake between women is often the norm.
A younger person offering his hand to an older person is a sign of poor manners, at least in India. It is the older person who must offer his hand. Where age is not a factor in a relationship, it does not matter who takes the initiative. However, the person taking the initiative will be considered more open and warm-hearted.
The social and professional status of a person also determines the custom of the handshake. A person higher in status can choose to shake or not shake hands with a person lower in status. An attendant should not dare to offer his hand to his boss. The boss offering his hand to his attendant in a professional context would be considered rare indeed. However, the same boss may offer his hand to the attendant if he visits his home on some festival.
At times, a handshake can be a cause of problem. The evil practice of untouchability and slavery had once made even the thought of handshake between some groups unthinkable. The idea of a handshake is also uncomfortable for a person suffering from obsessive compulsive disorder. The simple matter of hygiene also determines the practice of the handshake. Imagine a situation where a person having the problem of OCD is forced by etiquette to shake hands with somebody given to picking his nose or not washing his hands after a visit to the washroom.
An ecstatic form of handshake is the high five, made popular by certain sportspersons. High fives may be exchanged between younger people, but will be out of place in a formal situation. But the thought of a high five with my Army man friend gives me a shudder. A firm handshake may be more than enough.
siddiquiasim.amu@gmail.com

Silva quenches Brazils thirst for changeSeptember 14, 2014 8:33 pm
Silva’s tale of transformation is personal and political
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/cef79c3c-39e1-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Luxury brand TAG Heuer plans to launch its own smartwatch#lvmh #tag heuer #smartwatches
French luxury group LVMH's watch brand TAG Heuer has plans to launch its own smartwatch, the head of its watch business told a Swiss newspaper.
"We want to launch a smartwatch at TAG Heuer, but it must not copy the Apple Watch," Jean-Claude Biver told Sunday newspaper NZZ am Sonntag.
Switzerland's watch industry is facing competition from smartwatches that allow its wearers to make calls, receive messages or monitor their fitness by connecting to their smartphone.
TAG Heuer also makes luxury smartphone Meridiist and had made a one-off smartwatch for members of the Oracle sailing team.
"We cannot afford to just follow in somebody else's footsteps," Biver said, adding the Swiss watch industry would present smartwatches at the latest at the Basel watch fair next spring. He did not give further details on the planned smartwatch.
Biver and TAG Heuer could not immediately be reached for comment.
Apple which has so far been absent from the smartwatch market, unveiled its Apple Watch last week.
LVMH's biggest watch brand, TAG Heuer, which also makes the luxury smartphone Meridiist, said last year it had made a one-off smartwatch for members of the Oracle sailing team.

Indo-Pak gas pricing settled as talks gain g...India, Pakistan settle gas pricing formula as trade talks gain ground
By Dilasha Seth , ET Bureau | 15 Sep, 2014, 04.22AM IST
0
Share More
India is considering a proposal to allow Indian & Pak bizmen to meet at Wagah border to discuss proposals in neutral territory without travel visas.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Islamabad has agreed to a pricing formula for import of natural gas from India, a silver lining in an otherwise fractious relationship between the nuclear-armed neighbours. The agreement follows discussions last month between GAIL India and the Inter State Gas Systems (ISGS) of Pakistan.
In 2012, India had offered to export up to 5 million cubic metres of gas per day to Pakistan for an initial period of five years. The two nations, however, had failed to fix a price. "Gas pricing was the biggest hurdle, but it is finally settled. This will provide gas at an economical price to our neighbour once the pipeline operationalises", said an Indian official.
India will import liquefied natural gas (LNG) and send it to energy deficient Pakistan via a pipeline between Jalandhar and Wagah. The pipeline, in which GAIL is investing about Rs 500 crore, is likely to be operational in a year. LNG will be imported from Qatar through terminals in Maharashtra or Gujarat and then moved through GAIL's existing pipeline network to Jalandhar. Under the agreement, LNG will be gassified by the Indian side as Pakistan does not have an LNG import facility.
In this year's budget, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley has granted basic customs duty exemption of 5 per cent on re-gasified LNG for supply to Pakistan. "Pakistan will be offered the LNG without charging the marketing premium", the official said. The development gives a fillip to bilateral energy talks after India last month called off foreign secretary-level talks with Pakistan in protest against Pakistan envoy's meeting with Kashmir separatists.
Later this month, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to meet his Pakistani counterpart Nawaz Sharif on the sidelines of UN General Assembly in the US. India is also in talks to supply electricity to Pakistan through a grid corridor that can carry 500-1,000 mw electricity.
"A small part of Pakistani grid will connect with the Indian grid system. The mechanism is being worked out," the same official said. According to a Pakistani newspaper, the country's is able to meet only 65 per cent of its energy needs through its own resources.
"The commercial decisions are preceding the dialogue process. Energy trade will be the game-changer and trade will automatically follow," said Nisha Taneja, professor at research organisation ICRIER .
"Instead of forcing trade, we are giving a lifeline to their economy. The government is not announcing it, but these signals are far stronger. It is a paradigm shift again."
The official quoted earlier said, "The India-Pakistan gas pipeline will give confidence to get into an agreement with Pakistan for the Turkmenistan-Afghanistan-Pakistan-India pipeline, which will bring Turkmen gas to India."
India is also considering a proposal to allow Indian and Pakistani businessmen to meet at the Wagah border so proposals can be discussed in neutral territory without travel visas. "This will provide opportunity to businessmen to discuss proposals and exchange samples without having to go through the hassles of a visa," said another official. However, this will go through once official-level talks resume.

FDI in online retail will help growth: AmazonIndia’s exports rise 2.4% to $27 billion in August
Amazon plans to open 5 new centres across India in addition to its two fulfilment centres (FCs) in Mumbai and Bangalore. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: Global retail giant Amazon on Thursday said allowing foreign direct investment in e-commerce will help in accelerating further growth in the $3 billion Indian online retail market.
“We are already very successful but foreign direct investment (FDI) would make possible to spin it more aggressively,” Amazon vice-president and managing director India Amit Agarwal told reporters on the sidelines of the Economist India summit in New Delhi.
Amazon, which operates on a marketplace model in India, is betting big on the country and has announced investment of $2 billion to expand its operations in India. Foreign direct investment norms in India do not allow FDI in e-commerce.
Most e-tailers like Flipkart and Snapdeal follow the online marketplace model, where they connect sellers and buyers.
Amazon, which launched its marketplace in India last year, counts India among its fastest growing markets and has said it is on track to touch $1 billion in gross sales here.
In India, Amazon sells over 17 million products across categories like books, apparel and electronics from a growing base of thousands of small and medium-sized businesses.
It also plans to open 5 new centres across India in addition to its two fulfilment centres (FCs) in Mumbai and Bangalore.
Apart from foreign players like Amazon, industry bodies like Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) are also supporting the move saying it will help e-commerce firms grow Internet usage in the country and provide players access to funds for investing in technology and back-end operations.
According to IAMAI, only 25 million of over 231 million Internet users in India transacted online (as of December 2013), taking the Indian e-Commerce market to Rs62,697 crore.

Amazon developing own online advertising software: reportIndia’s exports rise 2.4% to $27 billion in August
Amazon is known as a sleeping giant in the ad industry because it has rich consumer data but has been tentative about using it for a lot of advertising. Photo: Reuters
Bangalore: Amazon Inc is planning to develop its own software for placing advertisements online, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing people with knowledge of the matter.
While the in-house platform is initially planned to replace ads supplied by Google Inc on Amazon’s own website, the new system could challenge Google and Microsoft Corp ’s advertising business in the future, the newspaper cited the people as saying.
Amazon’s system would resemble Google’s AdWords , and is planned to make it easier for marketers to reach the company’s users, the newspaper reported the people as saying.
The retailer is also building a tool that would help advertising agencies buy in bulk for thousands of advertisers, the Journal said, citing the people.
Amazon is known as a sleeping giant in the ad industry because it has rich consumer data but has been tentative about using it for a lot of advertising.
The company already has an advertising service it employs chiefly on its own website.
Amazon did not immediately respond to requests for comment. REUTERS

Android One: Google bets on low-cost smartphones | MS to take on Android OneMicromax, Karbonn and Spice will be the first three handset makers to sell these devices to customers, as Google aims to extend the reach of Android into emerging markets.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: In a few hours from now, Google will launch in India the first set of Android One smartphones, devices that it believes will give existing and first time smartphone buyers, and, new and existing mobile internet users, a high-end internet experience on smartphones, without burning a hole through their pockets.
One of the world's fastest growing smartphone markets will become ground zero for Google's Android One initiative over the next few months, as the world's most popular search engine takes a giant leap from connecting the next billion, not just through the internet but also through smartphones.
Android One is a program announced by Google's head of Android, Chrome web browser and apps Sundar Pichai back in June which promised rich smartphone experience on low-cost devices as Google will set minimum standards on hardware and software to be used by handset makers.
By controlling hardware and software, akin to what Apple does, Google aims to bring user experience found on high-end smartphones to the affordable end of the device spectrum.
Micromax , Karbonn and Spice will be the first three handset makers to sell these devices to customers, as Google aims to extend the reach of Android into emerging markets, especially India where only 29% of about 920 million mobile phone users own smartphones, offering a far higher potential than markets like China or the US where smartphone penetration is nearing its peak.
With Android One's adoption in India, where smartphone market doubled to 44 million last year and has touched 36 million devices in the first half of 2014, Google will be able to deliver latest OS updates faster, reduce variations of the OS, which in turn will help them to update apps.
Google also hopes to counter the threat from growing forked Android devices, and against new entrants including China's Xiaomi and rejuvenated Motorola, both of which have made significant inroads in the affordable smartphone segment with the Red Mi 1S priced at Rs 5,999 and Moto E priced at Rs 6,999.
The smartphones, one from each handset maker, are expected to be priced under $ 100 or Rs 6,000, even as some industry insiders believe that price for end customers may be somewhere around Rs 7,500.
"It will be interesting to watch if they are able to maintain that Rs 6,000 price band or whether it will go to Rs 7,000 - Rs 7,500 since Google is also specifying the hardware," said Karan Thakkar, senior market analyst- mobile phones and tablets at research firm IDC.
The devices that the vendors are offers are likely to have 5-megapixel cameras, quad-core processors, 1 GB RAM with 4.3-4.5 inch screens, powered by Android Kitkat 4.4.4 version operating system apart from a 1700-mAh battery, dual SIM slots and SD card slot to expand memory.
A leaked preview of one such Android One smartphone by Spice - Spice Android One Dream UNO Mi-498 - showcased same specifications, priced at Rs 6,999 on online retail store Flipkart on Sunday. The listing was promptly removed soon after.
But sources privy to latest developments say that the three handset makers may well tie up with Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon to sell these devices online to gauge consumer response before going full steam through the well-established traditional retail routes used by the Indian vendors.
The devices may also come bundled with Hindi language support for voice commands, typing messages and almost all major mobile applications. Users will not have to download any external application to access their smartphone in Hindi.
With high stakes riding on the launch, Google is said to have set aside more than Rs 100 crore with its partners on advertising and marketing.
"What they (Google) need to look at is having a tie-up with the telco providers, so that internet also comes to them," said Vishal Tripathi, principal analyst at Gartner. Reports suggest that Google has tied up with India's leading carrier Airtel to offer bundled internet usage. Details of plans are likely to come out in a few hours.

BJP calls off talks with Sena as Uddhav questions  Modi waveComments
A major crisis erupted in the saffron alliance in Maharashtra on Sunday, with the BJP calling off seat-sharing talks with ally Shiv Sena - apparently after its chief, Uddhav Thackeray, questioned the much-talked-about 'Modi wave' in an interview to a TV channel.
State Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Devendra Fadanvis, while talking to Hindustan Times, confirmed the development.
"There is huge discontent among our rank and file over the statements made by the Sena leadership against our leader, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in a television programme on Saturday.
"This has reached our higher-ups. Now, we have decided that we will not make any effort anymore to talk to them on seat-sharing," Fadanvis said, adding it was up to the Sena to make the next move.
The BJP's tough stand is the latest chapter in an episode of unease with the Shiv Sena ahead of the Maharashtra assembly elections slated for October 15 and casts doubts on the future of the alliance which seemed frontrunner in the polls following its spectacular showing in the April-May Lok Sabha elections.
The BJP and its allies, including the Shiv Sena won 42 of the 48 seats in the state in the general elections.
But, differences cropped up in the coalition over seat-sharing talks in the 25-year-old alliance. The Shiv Sena wants to stick to the 2009 formula - when it fought 169 seats and the BJP 119 of the 288 assembly seats in the state. But, this time the BJP wants more.
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray had said on Saturday his party would get the top job in the state, making his ambitions for the chief minister's post clear.
The Shiv Sena had also issued a veiled warning against the coalition partner, saying "excessive lust" for seats will not do it any good.
 
Talking to TV channel Aaj Tak on Saturday, Uddhav had also questioned the so-called Modi wave, which the BJP claims was instrumental behind the National Democratic Alliance's landslide victory in the general elections.
"Was the Modi wave felt in Tamil Nadu, Punjab, Odisha and West Bengal? It depends on alliance partners as well. Modi is Prime Minister of our alliance."
According to BJP sources, Fadnavis got a call from Delhi and was told to officially declare that the talks between the two parties cannot continue if the Sena uses such tactics and makes such statements against the BJP.
"Such statements are undesirable prior to the election and everyone should refrain from making such utterances," BJP's Maharashtra in-charge, Rajiv Pratap Rudy, said on Sunday, adding the CM post issue should be discussed after elections.
On the seat-sharing talks, Rudy said, "The proposal is whatever seats are left - after smaller parties in the alliance get their due - the BJP and Shiv Sena will divide them equally."
According to Rudy, the BJP and Shiv Sena will be left with around 270 seats after smaller parties are allotted around 18 seats. "In this case we are expecting for somewhere around 135 seats." 
Parties such as the Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, RPI, Rashtriya Samaj Party and the Shiv Sangram have joined hands with the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance to contest polls.
The Shiv Sena did not officially react to the BJP move to call off the talks. A party leader, on condition of anonymity, said that the problems would be sorted out only if Uddhav and BJP president Amit Shah discussed the issue.
Shah will be in Mumbai on September 17 for a BJP programme, and the Sena is hoping that the two leaders will meet to finalise the seats.
But now BJP leaders are skeptical. "With this development, the only way that this meeting can happen is that the Sena leadership goes more than halfway and meets him in Delhi," a senior BJP leader said.
The last date for nomination filing is September 27.
(With inputs from our Pune correspondent Yogesh Joshi)

No comments  I did my duty  replies former PM ManmohanFormer prime minister Manmohan Singh, who is under fire from the former CAG Vinod Rai over the 2G spectrum scam and Coalgate, said on Sunday he has done his "duty" and refused to respond to charges levelled against him.
 
"I, indeed, did my duty. Well, I do not want to comment on other people what they have written," Singh told reporters on the sidelines of an event here to celebrate the publication of a book titled 'Strictly Personal: Manmohan and Gursharan', authored by his daughter Daman Singh.
Read: Manmohan was aware of decisions in 2G: ex-CAG
 
Singh was asked about the scathing criticism by Rai who held the former PM responsible for the controversial decisions to allocate 2G spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
 
Interestingly, Daman skirted questions about the ex-CAG's comments.
 
"Actually, I do not know anything about that. So I cannot comment. I have no idea about that. I have not heard what they have said. I cannot say anything. I really do not know and I have not heard what they have said. So, there is no point in saying anything," she said.
 
Daman charts the journey of her parents in her book providing new insights into the couple but keeps away from the last 10 years when Singh was heading the UPA government.
 
The function was attended among others by former deputy Planning Commission chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and ex-minister Shashi Tharoor.

Modi raises performance bar for ministers by 10%Modi raises performance bar for ministers by 10%
Chetan Chauhan , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 14, 2014
First Published: 20:29 IST(14/9/2014) | Last Updated: 09:08 IST(15/9/2014)
Comments
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who recently called himself a 'hard taskmaster', has set his ministers a minimum 10% target for enhancing existing infrastructure in their areas of responsibility by the end of the financial year.
And he plans to keep an eye on them. The task of monitoring the performance of ministries has been given to the Planning Commission, and later to the think tank that replaces it.
The government is currently giving shape to the think tank but has already decided on some of its functions, one of which will be to oversee the implementation of the PM's innovations such as Digital India, Skill India and Swacch Bharat, senior government officials said. It would be required to submit regular reports to the Prime Minister's Office (PMO).
The PMO's direction, quoting Modi, to ministries to add 10% to existing physical infrastructure and services provided by then by March 2015 would translate into mobile services for half of India's rural villages, a minimum 80% literacy level (from the current 72%) and 19% gross enrolment ratio in higher education (17% now).
The road transport ministry headed by Nitin Gadkari will have to add 7,700km of new roads and highways compared to its target of 7,000km. The PM wants 500km of new railway tracks instead of the 300km target presented by railway minister Sadanand Gowda. Similarly, targets for civil aviation and shipping ministries have also been upped.  
"This is the minimum the PMO has prescribed," a government official said, adding that anything over and above would add to the annual performance of ministers and secretaries.
A union minister who refused to be named said the initiative would push them to achieve more. "The Prime Minister is targeting us to do more for the country, and we will try our best. We, as well as the bureaucrats, will be under pressure but it will help us deliver."
The PMO has told plan panel secretary Sindhushree Khullar to prepare a template for reviewing the performance of ministries with the new target in mind. Monitoring divisions of the panel are being strengthened with staff from other units. "We believe the divisions entrusted with monitoring will continue their job till the new think tank is in place," another senior official said.
Khullar has already made a presentation on the performance of core infrastructure ministries for 2014-15 and deliberated on targets suggested by them for the fiscal.

Maharashtra government writes to Centre to acquire Dr BR Ambedkar s London accommodation#maharashtra government #br ambedkar #ambedkar residence #london #prithviraj chavan #ajit pawar
Mumbai: The Maharashtra government has written to the Centre expressing its wish to acquire a residential property in London where Dr Bhim Rao Ambedkar lived while studying at the London School of Economics in 1921-22.
The 2,050 square feet property on King Henry's Road, London is up for auction with an estimated price of Rs 40 crore.
The Maharashtra government has termed it as a symbolic gesture to salvage the historic house. State Water Conservation Minister Nitin Raut has said both the Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan as well as Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar were supporting the move.
Raut said, "This is an opportunity to create an international memorial in London in the name of Ambedkar. So, the request has been accepted by the Maharashtra government and Rs 40 crore have been sanctioned for this."

Weak global cues drag Sensex by over 100 pts; SBI RIL dipSep 15, 2014, 10.08 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex slips over 200 pts; Cipla gains 3%, HDFC weak
GAIL, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, SBI, Reliance fall around 1 percent. Cipla, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Wipro and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex slips over 200 pts; Cipla gains 3%, HDFC weak
GAIL, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, SBI, Reliance fall around 1 percent. Cipla, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Wipro and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
Live Market Commentary
9:50 am Market check: Global cues continue to drag Indian benchmark indices. The Sensex is down 238.76 points at 26822.28 and the Nifty slips 71.55 points at 8033.95. About 956 shares have advanced, 1094 shares declined, and 65 shares are unchanged.
Hindalco, Tata Steel, GAIL, M&M and HDFC are major laggards whlile healthcare stocks are holding up with Cipla, Dr Reddy's Labs and Sun Pharma as major gainers in the Sensex.
9:40 am FII view: Mahesh Nandurkar, CLSA says India is the best performing emerging market this year and the coming festive season should be a barometer of its economic recovery.
“Note that autos, cement and power are already showing signs of improvement. We like domestic cyclical recovery plays such as banks, autos and cement. Among exporters, we prefer IT,” he adds.
Prabhat Awasthi, Nomura says a stronger dollar, driven by expectations of divergent monetary policies of the Fed and other major developed world central banks is positive for Indian equities on an overall basis.
Historically, broad dollar strength typically begins 6-9 months ahead of a rate tightening cycle, a phase we believe India is now entering, he adds.
9:30 am Buzzing: Shares of Fortis Healthcare are locked at 10 percent upper circuit, hitting Rs 134 per share intraday (three-year high). Investors are euphoric as its Singapore subsidiary sold its entire stake in RadLink-Asia SGD 137 million to Medi-Rad Associates (Medi-Rad).
Brokerages are bullish on it post the divestment. Macquarie maintains an outperform rating on the stock with target of Rs 140, stating that divestment in remaining international business would make it almost debt-free. After exiting from RadLink, net debt of Fortis is likely to fall to Rs 400 crore, significantly down from a peak of Rs 7000 crore at the start of FY13.
With a buy rating and a target of Rs 170 per share, Citi says that the move reiterates Fortis' focus on its Indian operations as International assets now contribute less than 2 percent to revenues and all its profits come from the Indian business.
 Don't miss: Brent crude near 2-yr low: Top oil stocks to buy and sell now 
The market has started to slide in opening itself on weak global cues. The Sensex is down 127.53 points at 26933.51, and the Nifty slips 35.15 points at 8070.35. About 458 shares have advanced, 369 shares declined, and 38 shares are unchanged.
GAIL, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, SBI, Reliance fall around 1 percent. Cipla, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Wipro and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers in the Sensex.
The Indian rupee slipped in early trade. It has opened lower by 27 paise at 60.92 per dollar against 60.65 Friday.In the currency markets, the dollar is flat against the yen, near a six-year peak. The euro is also steady at 1.29 to the dollar.
Agam Gupta of Standard Chartered said, "The FOMC meet this week could take a hawkish tone and will continue to play on the market sentiment. The rupee is likely to trade in the range of 60.75-61.15/dollar for the day."
In what came as a double whammy for the economy, retail inflation slowed only marginally coming in at 7.8 percent for August due to a spike in food prices. Growth too is crawling with the industrial production in July growing by a mere 0.5 percent.
Asian markets are in the red over weak Chinese data- August industrial output rose 6.9 percent on year, its slowest pace since 2008, while fixed-asset investment and retail sales both missed forecasts. However, overall trading volumes are light with Japan being closed for a holiday.Over the weekend, china released a raft of data that raised concerns about a weakening economy.
In other asset classes, the big news continues to be the slide of Brent Crude prices.Brent has now slipped below the USD 97 dollars per barrel mark pressured by a strong dollar, weak demand and ample supplies. The oil is its weakest in two years.
However, no relief seems to be in place for gold either in the commodity space. It has dropped to fresh eight-month lows on fears that the Fed may signal an early interest rate hike at this week's policy meeting, while the strength in the dollar and weak physical demand also weighed on bullion.
RELATED NEWS

Videocon shareholders okay borrowing planVideocon shareholders okay borrowing plan
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
Videocon Industries in a filing to the stock exchanges said that it has obtained shareholders’ nod for the special resolution authorising its board of directors to borrow money not exceeding Rs 75,000 crore.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Today's Poll
Gold prices are falling. Will you invest now?
Yes

Pudumjee board for corporate debt recastPudumjee board for corporate debt recast
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The board of directors of Pudumjee Pulp & Paper Mills has set up a committee comprising B C Dalal, V K Beswal (both Independent Directors) and SK Bansal (Whole-time Director) to evaluate the alternatives for corporate restructuring.
In a filing to the stock exchange, the company said G Khaitan (an Independent Director) will be available to the committee by invitation.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Today's Poll
Gold prices are falling. Will you invest now?
Yes

Fortis Healthcare surges 10% on divestment of stake in RadLink-AsiaSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 09:36 AM IST
Fortis Healthcare surges 10% on divestment of stake in RadLink-Asia
To divest entire stake in RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for SGD 137 million (over Rs 655 crore).
Fortis Healthcare has surged 10% to Rs 134 after the company said decided to divest entire stake in healthcare service provider RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for SGD 137 million (over Rs 655 crore).
“Fortis Healthcare Singapore Pte. Ltd., a subsidiary of Fortis Healthcare International Pte. Ltd., one of our step-down subsidiaries in Singapore, on Friday announced its decision to divest 100% shareholding in RadLink-Asia Pte Ltd and its subsidiaries, “RadLink”, Singapore, to Medi-Rad Associates Ltd (Medi-Rad), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of IHH Healthcare Berhad, for SGD 137,000,000,” Fortis Healthcare said in a press release.
RadLink is engaged in the provision of healthcare services including the provision of outpatient diagnostic and molecular imaging services in Singapore. The offer price is reflective of the value and efficiencies added by the Fortis group.
The deal will be successfully closed following the necessary statutory and regulatory approvals as per local requirement, it added.
The stock opened at Rs 128 and touched a 52-week high of Rs 136 on NSE. The trading volumes on the counter more than doubled with a combined 2.33 million shares changed hands in first 20 minutes of trade on NSE and BSE.
 

Snowman Logistics extends rally on stake buy by Reliance MF  Radhakishen DamaniSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 09:21 AM IST
Snowman Logistics extends rally on stake buy by Reliance MF, Radhakishen Damani
Radhakishen Damani and Reliance MF had collectively purchased 6 million shares of Snowman Logistics on Friday.
Snowman Logistics has locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 82.65, extending its 70% surge on listing day, after mutual fund and high net worth individual bought more than three percent stake in the company through open market on Friday.
At 0920 hours, a combined 42,917 shares changed hands and there are pending buy orders for 4.72 million shares on NSE and BSE.
One of India's ace investors, Radhakishen Damani and Reliance Mutual Fund had collectively purchased 5.97 million shares representing 3.58% stake of Snowman Logistics on the listing day.
Radhakishen Damani bought 2.37 million shares of a cold storage company through his fund, Derive Investments, at price of Rs 78.90, according to NSE data on bulk deals.
Reliance Mutual Fund bought 2 million shares at Rs 79.04 per share, while Reliance Mutual Fund Tax Saver (ELSS) Fund had acquired 1.6 million shares at Rs 79.80 per share on NSE, the bulk deal data shows.
However, Kotak Mahindra Bank had sold 1.54 million shares at Rs 79.67 per share, data shows.
 

Fortis Healthcare rallies nearly 12%  hits 52-week high on stake sale plansET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Fortis Healthcare Ltd surged as much as 11.65 per cent in trade on Monday to hit its 52-week high of Rs 136, after the company has sold its Singapore-based diagnostics business RadLink-Asia Pte Ltd for Singapore $137 million.
At 09:50 a.m.; Fortis Healthcare was trading 9.8 per cent higher at Rs 133.85. It hit a low of Rs 127 and a 52-week high of Rs 136 in trade today.
Fortis Healthcare Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Fortis Healthcare Singapore Pte. Ltd. which is a subsidiary of Fortis Healthcare International Pte. Ltd., has decided to divest 100% shareholding in RadLink-Asia Pte Limited and its subsidiaries, to Medi-Rad Associates Limited for SGD 137 million.
The deal is subject to regulatory approvals in Singap
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sensex slips over 200 pts; Cipla gains 3%  HDFC & Hindalco weakSep 15, 2014, 10.08 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex slips over 200 pts; Cipla gains 3%, HDFC weak
GAIL, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, SBI, Reliance fall around 1 percent. Cipla, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Wipro and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex slips over 200 pts; Cipla gains 3%, HDFC weak
GAIL, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, SBI, Reliance fall around 1 percent. Cipla, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Wipro and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
Live Market Commentary
9:50 am Market check: Global cues continue to drag Indian benchmark indices. The Sensex is down 238.76 points at 26822.28 and the Nifty slips 71.55 points at 8033.95. About 956 shares have advanced, 1094 shares declined, and 65 shares are unchanged.
Hindalco, Tata Steel, GAIL, M&M and HDFC are major laggards whlile healthcare stocks are holding up with Cipla, Dr Reddy's Labs and Sun Pharma as major gainers in the Sensex.
9:40 am FII view: Mahesh Nandurkar, CLSA says India is the best performing emerging market this year and the coming festive season should be a barometer of its economic recovery.
“Note that autos, cement and power are already showing signs of improvement. We like domestic cyclical recovery plays such as banks, autos and cement. Among exporters, we prefer IT,” he adds.
Prabhat Awasthi, Nomura says a stronger dollar, driven by expectations of divergent monetary policies of the Fed and other major developed world central banks is positive for Indian equities on an overall basis.
Historically, broad dollar strength typically begins 6-9 months ahead of a rate tightening cycle, a phase we believe India is now entering, he adds.
9:30 am Buzzing: Shares of Fortis Healthcare are locked at 10 percent upper circuit, hitting Rs 134 per share intraday (three-year high). Investors are euphoric as its Singapore subsidiary sold its entire stake in RadLink-Asia SGD 137 million to Medi-Rad Associates (Medi-Rad).
Brokerages are bullish on it post the divestment. Macquarie maintains an outperform rating on the stock with target of Rs 140, stating that divestment in remaining international business would make it almost debt-free. After exiting from RadLink, net debt of Fortis is likely to fall to Rs 400 crore, significantly down from a peak of Rs 7000 crore at the start of FY13.
With a buy rating and a target of Rs 170 per share, Citi says that the move reiterates Fortis' focus on its Indian operations as International assets now contribute less than 2 percent to revenues and all its profits come from the Indian business.
 Don't miss: Brent crude near 2-yr low: Top oil stocks to buy and sell now 
The market has started to slide in opening itself on weak global cues. The Sensex is down 127.53 points at 26933.51, and the Nifty slips 35.15 points at 8070.35. About 458 shares have advanced, 369 shares declined, and 38 shares are unchanged.
GAIL, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, SBI, Reliance fall around 1 percent. Cipla, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Wipro and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers in the Sensex.
The Indian rupee slipped in early trade. It has opened lower by 27 paise at 60.92 per dollar against 60.65 Friday.In the currency markets, the dollar is flat against the yen, near a six-year peak. The euro is also steady at 1.29 to the dollar.
Agam Gupta of Standard Chartered said, "The FOMC meet this week could take a hawkish tone and will continue to play on the market sentiment. The rupee is likely to trade in the range of 60.75-61.15/dollar for the day."
In what came as a double whammy for the economy, retail inflation slowed only marginally coming in at 7.8 percent for August due to a spike in food prices. Growth too is crawling with the industrial production in July growing by a mere 0.5 percent.
Asian markets are in the red over weak Chinese data- August industrial output rose 6.9 percent on year, its slowest pace since 2008, while fixed-asset investment and retail sales both missed forecasts. However, overall trading volumes are light with Japan being closed for a holiday.Over the weekend, china released a raft of data that raised concerns about a weakening economy.
In other asset classes, the big news continues to be the slide of Brent Crude prices.Brent has now slipped below the USD 97 dollars per barrel mark pressured by a strong dollar, weak demand and ample supplies. The oil is its weakest in two years.
However, no relief seems to be in place for gold either in the commodity space. It has dropped to fresh eight-month lows on fears that the Fed may signal an early interest rate hike at this week's policy meeting, while the strength in the dollar and weak physical demand also weighed on bullion.
RELATED NEWS

Net FDI inflows on track to top $30bn this fiscal: NomuraSep 14, 2014, 09.07 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Net FDI inflows on track to top $30bn this fiscal: Nomura
Net FDI into India rose sharply to USD 11.5 billion in the first four months of FY15 (April-July) from USD 8.4 billion over the same period in FY14, the report said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Net FDI inflows on track to top $30bn this fiscal: Nomura
Net FDI into India rose sharply to USD 11.5 billion in the first four months of FY15 (April-July) from USD 8.4 billion over the same period in FY14, the report said.
Post your opinion here
 
Foreign direct investment inflows to India are expected to gain further momentum and net FDI inflows to the country could cross USD 30 billion mark this fiscal year driven by improved investor sentiment, a Nomura report says.
According to the Japanese brokerage firm, net FDI inflows is on track to top USD 30 billion and this would reduce India's external sector vulnerability.
Net FDI into India rose sharply to USD 11.5 billion in the first four months of FY15 (April-July) from USD 8.4 billion over the same period in FY14, the report said.
Also Read:  MFs plan more equity-oriented funds in market rally
"Based on the current run rate, we estimate that net FDI inflows could rise above USD 30 billion in FY15 (amounting to 1.4 per cent of GDP)," Nomura said in a research note.
Citing the various factors that are likely to boost FDI inflows, Nomura said: "investor sentiment has improved, domestic confidence has revived, growth is on a recovery path and the government is focused on improving the ease of doing business."
Sectorwise, telecom, pharma and financial and business services were the largest recipients over the first three months of this fiscal year.
"In our view, the large inflow in July could be partly due to fund-raising in the e-commerce sector," it added.
According to official data, FDI flows to India surged by about 34 per cent to USD 1.92 billion in June.
During April-June in this fiscal, the foreign inflows recorded a growth of 34 per cent. FDI was at USD 7.23 billion in April-June, 2014-15 compared to USD 5.39 billion in April- June 2013-14, as per the data by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion.
In 2013-14, FDI inflows in India were USD 24.29 billion against USD 22.42 billion in 2012-13.
The government is taking more steps to boost FDI in the country. It has raised the foreign investment limit to 49 percent in defence manufacturing and relaxed the policy in construction sector. The government has also proposed to increase the FDI cap in insurance to 49 percent.
RELATED NEWS

MNS averse to alliance  to contest Assembly elections solo#maharashtra #assembly elections #raj thackeray #mns
Mumbai: Raj Thackeray-led Maharashtra Navnirman Sena will contest forthcoming elections on its own without forging any alliance, a senior party leader said on Sunday.
"If political parties truly want to develop Maharashtra, they should contest elections independently and not go in for any kind of alliance. But do these parties have the courage to face the truth and go in without an alliance?. MNS will contest the elections independently," said senior party leader Bala Nandgaonkar.
Nandgaonkar's statement assumes significance given the political scenario in the state in run-up to elections. MNS recently took help of Congress and NCP to win Mayoral elections in Nashik, after its ally in the Nashik Municipal Corporation, the BJP snapped ties.
MNS fared poorly in Lok Sabha elections with all its candidates from ten seats losing their deposit.
He said that MNS will start interviewing aspiring candidates from Marathwada region for the October 15 polls from tomorrow.
Meanwhile, Raj, who is on a two-day visit to Aurangabad, on Sunday interacted with his party workers and will be interviewing aspiring candidates of 46 constituencies in the Marathwada region on Monday.
"We will be interviewing aspiring candidates from 46 constituencies in Marathwada region. We will also be calling candidates from Dhule, Jalgaon and Nandurbar region for interviewing them," Nandgaonkar said.
He added that "true development" of Maharashtra can happen only when all the parties fight elections on their own, rather than forming an alliance.
Referring to internal fighting between alliance partners like Sena-BJP and Congress-NCP ahead of polls, Nandgaonkar said that such feuds will dent the image of political parties in the minds of voters.
"If Sena is fighting with BJP and Congress with NCP before polls, it will dent their image in the mind of people. People will wonder what kind of development such alliances can give Maharashtra," he said.
MNS fared poorly in Lok Sabha elections with all its candidates from ten seats losing their deposit. The party polled mere 0.13 per cent votes.
In 2009 Assembly elections, MNS had contested 143 seats and won 13.

J&K ground report: Floods leave behind damage  devastationWatch: Actresses back Deepika Padukone after row over objectionable caption by a national daily on her picture
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Rupee opens weak at 60.92Rupee slumps 48 paise; ends lower at 61.14
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The rupee witnessed its biggest single-day drop of 48 paise in 1-1/2 months to close weaker at 61.14 against the dollar due to heavy capital outflows and demand for the American currency by importers and banks.
Weaker Asian currencies further pushed the rupee lower to its intra-day low of 61.17 per dollar.
After opening weaker by 26 paise at 60.92 per dollar against Friday’sclose of 60.66 on the back of weakness in the domestic equity market and increased demand for US dollar overseas, the domestic unit hovered in the range of 60.92 and 61.17 against the dollar in the afternoon trade.
Fresh dollar demand and a weak domestic equity market as well as decline in industrial production growth to a 4-month low of 0.5 per cent in July had put pressure on the rupee.
BSE-benchmark Sensex ended at 26,816.5 points, lower by 245 points over its previous close on Friday.
Call rates drop; G-Sec yields flat
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short term funds from one another, ended lower at 7.05 per cent from the previous close of 7.95 per cent.
The 8.40 per cent government security maturing in 2024, closed almost flat at Rs 99.30 from Friday’s close of Rs 99.31, while its yield remained unchanged for the second consecutive session at 8.50 per cent.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Sensex slips below 27k level  plunges 203 pointsMarket Update: Sensex, Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 17:32 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex on Monday fell 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and Nifty slid 63.50 points to 8,042 on losses in bluechips tracking tepid China data and US rate hike fears, even as August domestic inflation eased to nearly 5-year low.
The rupee depreciated against US dollar to 61.05, further dampening market sentiments, said equity brokers.
Selling in metal, IT, oil & gas, capital goods, banking, consumer durables, auto, PSU and FMCG stocks, dragged the down the Sensex which dipped below the 27,000-mark. There was, however, buying in healthcare stocks such Cipla and Dr Reddy.
The 30-share BSE Sensex on Monday opened in negative terrain and quickly dipped below 27,000-mark reacting to Friday's data that showed IIP growth slowed to four-month low in July.
Around noon, data showed wholesale inflation fell sharply to 3.74 per cent in August to a nearly five-year low. However, investors appeared to ignore the WPI inflation figures.
The index finally settled down by 244.48 points, or 0.90 per cent, at 26,816.56, its weakest closing since August 28.
The 244.48-point loss is Sensex's worst drop since August 8.
Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services, said: "Markets were nervous on the back of tepid IIP data. Sensex and Nifty constituents continued to correct after a fast & furious rally. Frontline stocks are also in a pause mode in anticipation of clearer hints from the US Federal Reserve later this week."
Overall, 25 Sensex stocks declined while five led by Cipla, Dr Reddy's, HDFC Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Infosys rose.
The 50-issue NSE Nifty slipped below the 8,100-level by falling 63.50 points, or 0.78 per cent, to 8,042.00. The 63.50-point fall was its sharpest daily loss since August 8.
Asian markets retreated Monday after data at the weekend showed Chinese industrial output expanded in August at its slowest rate since the global financial crisis.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 182.80 crore on last Friday as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Sectorwise, the BSE Metal index suffered the most by losing 1.69 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas index (down 0.96 per cent), IT index (down 0.96 per cent), Capital Goods index (0.89 per cent) and FMCG index (0.76 per cent).
On the other hand, BSE Healthcare, Realty, Midcap and Smallcap indices ended higher.

Economy to grow at 5.6% in current fiscal  says FICCIEconomy to grow at 5.6 per cent in current fiscal, says FICCI
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 11:37 IST
Photo: Reuters
India's GDP will grow at 5.6 per cent during 2014-15 and economic activity is expected to continue with this momentum in the second half of the current fiscal, Ficci said on Sunday.
"The new government guided by the objective of restoring growth and governance has given very positive policy signals in its first 100 days. We see the confidence amongst investors slowly returning and hope that going ahead, the momentum on implementation front will build up," said the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry's (Ficci) latest Economic Outlook Survey.
While agricultural growth is expected to remain steady despite a delay in monsoon, the industrial sector is expected to grow by 4.7 per cent in 2014-15 fiscal.
This is 1.6 percentage points more than the growth estimate in the previous survey round conducted in June 2014, the chamber said.
Retail inflation is expected at 7.8 per cent this fiscal, in sync with the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) target indicated earlier this year.
The economists who participated in the survey also felt that the RBI will consider a cut in policy rates only in the first quarter of the next calendar year.
The RBI will wait and watch until there were definite signs of inflationary pressure abating, they said.
The minimum and maximum range for GDP growth in the current fiscal is indicated at 5.3 and 6 per cent respectively, as against 5.3 estimated in the previous round, reflecting optimism, Ficci said.
The projection by the economists regarding exports and the current account deficit (CAD) reflected no imminent risks. The CAD to GDP ratio for the fiscal was projected at 1.9 per cent.
The economists also identified some priority areas for the government like developing a world-class infrastructure, ensuring uninterrupted power supply, resolving labour issues and minimising procedural hassles and fast-tracking approvals.

Narayana Murthy: What PM Modi should do during his US tripModi has to use data and facts to communicate to Obama and the US Congress how Indian cos are working hard to create job opportunities for US.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
By NR Narayana Murthy
I believe our Prime Minister's visit to the US will be one of his most important foreign trips, if not the most important foreign trip he will make during his tenure as PM. There are several reasons for it.
First, he will have to show that he does not carry any biases from prior transactions. He has already shown that he is a graceful leader even though the US was very discourteous to him when he was the chief minister of Gujarat.
Second, at this stage in India's economic development, we have to build close relations with the US, the No. 1 country in higher education and innovation. The only way we can secure our future is through our focus on becoming increasingly better in higher education, research and innovation. That cannot happen unless we work closely with the US. We have to enhance interactions between students, researchers and academicians of both countries.
Getting Along with No. 1
Third, the US is the only superpower in the world today, with almost nine times our GDP and with a per-capita 33 times ours. The US is also the best example of the power of entrepreneurship enhancing prosperity of its people.
Finally, it is our second-largest trading partner and the largest customer base for our software industry, contributing $40-45 billion to our software exports every year. This figure has to be seen in the context of the recent euphoria in India when Japanese corporations agreed to invest over $35 billion in India over five years.
The software industry has created over 3.2 million jobs, with 2-3 times that number of jobs created in the secondary and tertiary sectors. This industry has raised the image of India much more than all other Indian industries put together. Therefore, any Indian government — whether left, right or centrist — has to carefully nurture this relationship, and make it stronger.
I am sure our PM knows better than most of us how worked up the US Congress is about Indian companies using H1B and L1 visas to bring in Indian labour to service their US clients. This has been a hot issue that has troubled the legislators in the US for some years now. The immigration bill over which there has been much haggling between the Republicans and the Democrats has some onerous clauses for Indian software companies.
Despite all of this, a large number of well-known US corporations depend on our software industry to help them in building their information systems. Therefore, this is an opportune time for our PM to impress upon President Barack Obama the importance of our software industry in making the US corporations even more efficient to benefit their customers not just in their own markets but also in third-country markets. He has to use data and facts to communicate to the president and the pivotal members of the US Congress how Indian companies are working hard to create job opportunities for US citizens and permanent residents.
He has to show data on the nonavailability of talent in the US. He has to show how our software industry is good for the US economy. He has to develop deep friendship with several key members on both sides of the aisle in the Congress. He has the charisma to do it. It is good to invite several important members of the US Congress as state guests to visit India and roll out the red carpet.
Page 1 of 2

Sensex under pressure  Nifty below 8 050; top ten stocks in focusSensex under pressure, Nifty below 8,050; top ten stocks in focus
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 15 Sep, 2014, 11.44AM IST
Sensex slips below 27,000; RIL, L&T top losers
Sensex slips below 27,000; RIL, L&T top losers
50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8050, weighed down by losses in banks, capital goods, IT, metal and oil & gas stocks.
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 248 points in trade on Monday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. The fall in the index was led by losses in RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank, SBI and ITC.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8050, weighed down by losses in banks, capital goods, IT, metal and oil & gas stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,843, down 217 points or 0.80 per cent. It touched a high of 26,998.07 and a low of 26,813.03 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,040 down 64 points or 0.80 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,077.30 and a low of 8030.00.
Technically, Nifty has continued to show pattern of range bound movement. Improving performance of smallcap and midcap stocks as well as stable market breadth indicates that Nifty may test higher levels of 8140-8150 in coming days, LKP said in a report.
"However, 8200 is likely to act as resistance zone where as 8000 continues to remain strong support for the index," added the report.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Tata Motors Ltd: Tata Motors signed Bonus and Permanency Agreement with Telco Workers Union here.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.06 per cent lower at Rs 511.
Tata Steel Ltd: Tata Steel is setting up a 55,000 tonne per annum (TPA) ferro chrome plant at Gopalpur in Ganjam district of Odisha and its first unit is expected to start operations by March 2015.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.09 per cent lower at Rs 506.40.
Hero MotoCorp Ltd: Hero MotoCorp is upbeat as the festival season begins, as the world's number one two-wheeler maker by volume expects the typically strong period to be even better this year, as consumer sentiment improves with a turnaround in the economy.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.03 per cent lower at Rs 2755.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Ahead of the launch of its mobile phone services, Reliance Industries has increased its stake in Reliance Jio to almost 99 per cent.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent lower at Rs 1006.
ICICI Bank Ltd: The private sector bank has raised $ 500 million (about Rs 3,000 crore) from overseas markets by selling its bonds to fund foreign expansion plans.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.97 per cent lower at Rs 1549.
LIC Housing Finance Ltd: The housing finance company has set a target of generating total business of Rs 33,000 crore in the current financial year, up by 22 per cent over the same period last year, a top official said today.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 313.60.
JSW Steel Ltd: Sajjan Jindal-owned JSW Steel is in the final stages of negotiations to buy 'part' of bankrupt Italian steelmaker Lucchini. Lucchini is also reported to have received a binding offer from JSW Steel for its core assets in Piombino and is considering the offer.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent lower at Rs 1330.
Pfizer & Ranbay Ltd: Pfizer Inc and Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd on Friday won dismissal of an antitrust lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to delay sales of generic versions of the cholesterol drug Lipitor, the best-selling drug in history.
At 10:00 a.m.; Pfizer was trading 2.8 per cent higher at Rs 1598 and Ranbaxy was up 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 617.25.
Fortis Healthcare Ltd: Fortis Healthcare Ltd has sold its Singapore-based diagnostics business RadLink-Asia Pte Ltd for Singapore $137 million, or Rs.660 crore at current exchange rates. This follows its decision to focus on India, leading to a string of stake sales in overseas investments, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 8.8 per cent higher at Rs 132.55.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Buy BPCL  advises Sudarshan SukhaniLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy BPCL, advises Sudarshan Sukhani
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com recommends buying Bharat Petroleum Corporation.
Post your opinion here
08:00 am
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, "I would buy Bharat Petroleum Corporation  (BPCL). It has been in a trading range for three days and we found that oil market companies do their own thing, some times very different from the broad market. So it is a trade worth taking into."
At 10:06 hrs Bharat Petroleum Corporation was quoting at Rs 685.50, up Rs 2.30, or 0.34 percent. It has touched an intraday high of Rs 688.90 and an intraday low of Rs 679.85.
RELATED NEWS

Here are few stock trading ideas from Hemant ThukralLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Here are few stock trading ideas from Hemant Thukral
Watch the interview of Hemant Thukral of Aditya Birla Money with Latha Venkatesh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18, in which he shared his readings and outlook on market and specific stocks.
Post your opinion here

BSE Sensex logs worst drop in a month on profit-booking; Rupee at 61Top 3 picks: Mindtree, IFB Industries, Cadila Healthcare
Mindtree: Revenue has grown at an impressive CAGR of 26% during FY11-14, while PAT has grown at a CA...

Car sales grow for 4 month in a rowSave this video
Copy URL
Improved consumer sentiments and positive economic climate are fuelling demand for new cars. Sales continued their positive momentum and moved up for the fourth month in running, shrugging off two years of despondency when numbers had slipped into the negative.
20

HCL Infosystems stock logs 218% returns in 6 monthsStory
Best Performing Stocks
   Edition: September 2014
(Photo: Reuters)
Money Today experts tell you the best performing stocks to invest in.  HCL Infosystems is among the top gainers in the past six months with  return of 218 per cent.

Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG is a cool car for grown-upsPrice: Rs 6,499
Rating: 4.5/5
Catching the fancy of the still-kids-at-heart, the folks at Silverlit turned the beautiful pin-up poster of the Mercedes-Benz SLS AMG into somewhat of a driving pleasure. Alright, you can't drive it, but this is still possibly the closet you can come to owning the AMG Mercedes, which stands for "Al-Mighty God!"
This new RC (remote control) car uses your iPhone, iPad, or iPod Touch as a remote control. Just download the Silverlit app from the Appstore and connect the car with your device using Bluetooth.
This setup allows you to use your device's tilt controls to steer the car, and if you're using an iPhone, you'll feel force feedback as you rev the engine, which increases in intensity the faster the car goes.
In terms of handling, the Silverlit car is fast and very responsive. The app design mimics the Mercedes dashboard look, with built-in controls that allow you to switch on the headlights and tail lights, open or close the gull wings doors, flash the hazards, honk the horn and a lot more. But wait, that's not all. You can use the app to play music from the speakers embedded in the rear windshield of this car and the vehicle can even be programmed to respond to the music with its flashing lights and movement of the gull wing door, all of it synchronised perfectly. In a sea of RC toys, this one rises to the surface. Although kids would love to own this car, I doubt if their dads will ever let go off the controls.
BAG IT OR JUNK IT:
A must buy

Pakistan stocks cross 30 000 points barrierTop 3 picks: Mindtree, IFB Industries, Cadila Healthcare
Mindtree: Revenue has grown at an impressive CAGR of 26% during FY11-14, while PAT has grown at a CA...

NEI to invest Rs 500 crore on new bearings plant in GujaratTop 3 picks: Mindtree, IFB Industries, Cadila Healthcare
Mindtree: Revenue has grown at an impressive CAGR of 26% during FY11-14, while PAT has grown at a CA...

Sell gas at top prices like coal blocks  spectrum: SA AiyarSell gas at top prices like coal blocks, spectrum
By TNN | 14 Sep, 2014, 10.52AM IST
India imports 30% of its gas needs, and this may soon become 70%. Kelkar emphasizes a top price for efficient use and to incentivize all-out exploration.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
By SA Aiyar
The Kelkar Committee has produced a road map for a market-determined price for natural gas. Inter-generational equity, it says, requires non-renewable resources like gas to be sold to the highest bidder. A lower price deprives future generations of their full entitlement to national resources. This novel argument strengthens the simple logic of auctioning resources to promote efficiency and governance. Selling below auction price is favouritism. The CAG estimated huge losses implicit in the failure to auction spectrum and coal blocks . Similar huge losses flow from failure to auction gas, eroding royalties, taxes and the government's gas share.
India imports 30% of its gas needs, and this may soon become 70%. Kelkar emphasizes a top price for efficient use and to incentivize all-out exploration. The government must honour exploration contracts saying that any gas found can be sold at the market price. Only then will India get more bids, at higher rates, for new fields. Many critics who want auctions for spectrum and coal oppose auctions for gas. What hypocrisy! This often reflects a desire to hit the Ambanis. Now, the Ambanis and crooked politicians may have committed a thousand sins. But good governance means finding hard evidence and prosecuting Mukesh Ambani . It does not mean violating his contracts. Contract violation makes India's name mud in the global oil business. That's why few bids have come in recent exploration rounds under NELP (New Exploration Licensing Policy), whereas over a hundred companies bid at earlier auctions.
All contracts say the government should certify that gas sales were at an "arm's length" price (a competitive price, not a concessional one for friends). This clause has been twisted into an excuse for price control. The history of this is very smelly.
When the NTPC sought global bids for gas for new plants in Gujarat, Reliance won with a bid of $ 2.38/unit. That was a market-driven price, and should have been the model for the future. But Reliance had blundered. Exploration costs quadrupled by 2008. Anil Ambani claimed Mukesh inflated drilling costs, something being investigated. Rising costs meant Reliance would lose heavily in supplying the NTPC at $2.34/unit. Then, Mukesh and Anil quarrelled and split. Anil said the partition agreement entitled his plants to get gas at the cheap NTPC price. Mukesh was in deep trouble. Then petroleum minister Murali Deora intervened. The NTPC price had not yet been ratified as an arm's length price by the government, an oversight that became an excuse to upend the whole auction. A cabinet committee was set up to decide the "market price". Only in India is a "market price" decided by the cabinet or official committees, not the marketplace! The government fixed the price at $4.20/unit for five years. In no true market are prices fixed for five years — they fluctuate every minute.
This price fix benefited Mukesh, at the expense of Anil and the NTPC. But the benefit was temporary. Soon after, the global price of gas skyrocketed, up to $15/unit in Asia. The Rangarajan Committee in 2012 suggested a new price formula based on prices in various international hubs. This came to around $8/unit. But India is currently importing gas at up to $14/unit. Scarce goods are priced on par with imports in a free market. Yet critics have denounced $8/unit as a scam benefiting Mukesh, besmirching honourable experts like Rangarajan and Kelkar.
Mukesh produces just 10% of India's gas today — most comes from the public sector. The ONGC has long demanded at least $7/unit to make its offshore fields viable. But the critics are obsessed with somehow nailing Mukesh. For this they will happily destroy contracts, ruin India's reputation globally, reduce the number and price of bids for future exploration contracts, leave India short of gas, jeopardize the trade gap, make fresh exploration and production uneconomic, and deprive the government and its oil companies of massive revenues.
Some analysts say gas prices vary hugely from the US to Japan, so there's no such thing as a market price in India. Really? The price of cement, sand and other items varies hugely from country to country, but does that mean markets for these don't exist in India? Willing buyers and sellers set prices in each market, and these vary across regions. Newspaper prices vary as much as gas prices from country to country, but that's no reason for government committees to set the market price of Indian newspapers. The Kelkar Committee sends a clear message — for morality, efficiency and good governance, sell to the highest bidder. The government will reap enormous profits, and can subsidise any sector it deems deserving.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Hindi-rance Diwas: Making a case to celebrate bhasha  not rajbhashaREAD MORE ON » HIndi Diwas | hindi |
Let me explain why and how. The official rajbhasha tag hides the real status of Hindi in our country. You just have to look around to register the truth.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
By Yogendra Yadav
Today, September 14 is Hindi Diwas — an annual, soulless, sarkari ritual. You would be forgiven for mistaking a Hindi Diwas function for a condolence meeting.
The following two weeks are a Hindi fortnight that dutifully serves to remind us that Hindi is dispensable for the rest of the year.
The extraordinary achievement of Bharat Sarkar's promotion of the rajbhasha is that it has reduced the world's fourth largest language (after Mandarin, Spanish and English) to the status of an endangered species. Hindi Diwas symbolizes all that is wrong with our country's language policy. This must change. We can begin by doing away with this national ritual of Hindi Diwas.
This suggestion might appear odd, especially coming from a card-carrying Hindiwalla like myself. My friends might object. They might contend that we need to put more content and life into efforts at Hindi promotion rather than do away with its only token of official recognition.
I disagree. I think the official paraphernalia surrounding Hindi has cemented its subjugation to English. Worse, it has helped snap Hindi's ties with other Indian languages, with its own 'dialects' and with the energies and creativity that this language continues to exude. We need to make a clean break with this legacy so as to move forward.
Let me explain why and how. The official rajbhasha tag hides the real status of Hindi in our country. You just have to look around to register the truth. Omnipresent ads for Rapid English Speaking courses, ever-mushrooming English medium 'convent' schools, pathetic attempts at self-presentation in broken English — all point to a stark hierarchy of languages. English is the language of aspiration; Hindi is for those who have no other option. The recent row over the C-SAT paper in the Civil Services exam again confirmed that English rules the roost. The colonial mindset that judges a future civil servant's linguistic ability through a translation from the English original was nothing short of a national scandal. Yet the government went ahead with the exam. English is the language of power. In this respect, Hindi's fate is no different from other Indian languages. Yet its special status has strained its relationship with the rest. Though our Constitution nowhere mentions "national language", this is what Hindi speakers claim for their mother tongue. Others resent this claim. Hindi may be the largest, but is neither the oldest nor necessarily the richest of modern Indian languages.
Every non-Hindi speaker has to learn some Hindi in school, but Hindi speakers escape learning any other modern Indian language. In fact, sarkari Hindi has distanced Hindi from the linguistic and cultural heritage of its own source languages, and the dozens of 'dialects' of Hindi. The gulf between Urdu and Hindi has also been assiduously cultivated. It is not that Hindi is dead or dying. On the contrary, it is thriving. Bombay cinema, cricket commentary and the rapidly growing Hindi media have kept it alive. The best of contemporary Hindi literature can stand its ground with literature in any modern language. Hindi has a fine tradition of literary criticism and a growing body of knowledge on social sciences. All this, however, is not because of official Hindi promotion, but despite it.
Hence, my proposal to replace 'Hindi Diwas' with 'Bhasha Diwas', a day to mark the linguistic diversity and richness in our country, a day to cement the bonds among various Indian languages. The establishment would be unwilling to do so. Tokenism suits them better. Those who love Hindi will have to take the initiative to dismantle this farce.
What should they do instead? The best way to serve Hindi is to use it. First, we must create dictionaries of functional and useable Hindi that can replace the impossibly Sanskritized officialese. Hindi would need to keep its doors and windows open to its 'dialects' and other languages including English to enrich its vocabulary. Secondly, if we want to engage the new generation, we must create literature for children and young adults. Gulzar's Bosky ka Panchatantra or Sukumar Ray's Abol Tabol could serve as models here. We desperately need to write high-quality textbooks in Hindi for college and university students.
Thirdly, Hindi has to become as internet-friendly as Chinese and Japanese have. Fourthly, we need a massive high quality translation programme, almost a national campaign, to translate from English and other languages into Hindi. Hindi has to draw upon not just shayari in Urdu but also its language of law, the classical heritage of Tamil, the print culture in Malayalam, the contemporary literature of Kannada, protest literature of Marathi and the academic writing of Bengali. The best way to promote Hindi is not to propagate it but to let it be what it has always been, namely a bridge across communities and languages.
The writer is senior fellow, CSDS and chief spokesperson of Aam Aadmi Party
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Fed policy  WPI inflation data to guide mkts this wkAman Chowdhury
(Trend in investment by overseas…)
NEW DELHI: Indian stock markets will take cues from the US Federal Reserve's monetary policy review and WPI inflation data release due this week, say experts.
Stocks on Monday will react to tepid IIP growth and lower retail inflation figures released after markets closed Friday. Inflation data based on wholesale price index (WPI) for August is expected to be released on Monday at around noon.
Trend in investment by overseas investors, movement of rupee against the dollar and crude oil price would continue to dictate trading in the stock market for the week.
Global markets will track US Federal Reserve's two-day meeting ending on Wednesday. Investors are keen on knowing the US interest rate trajectory as there are concerns that an early hike may lead to capital outflows from emerging markets.
Over the past week, the BSE Sensex gained 34.34 points to close at 27,061.04 and Nifty rose about 19 points to end at 8,105.50.
"This week is going to be an eventful one as market participants will be seen reacting to macro-economic data of IIP and CPI inflation in early trade on Monday, followed by WPI inflation data. Besides, they will be taking note of advance tax payment by listed corporates, which is also due to be released on September 15 and will provide clues about Q2 September corporate earnings.
"Additionally, they would also be eyeing the crucial US Federal Reserve's monetary policy review," said Jayant Manglik, President retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
Analysts said while global factors will be key, the local focus will also be on economic data as the RBI is set to review its monetary policy stance on September 30.
Continuing to bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have pumped in a whopping Rs 17,000 crore in the Indian capital market since the beginning of this month.
"It's raining money for Indian equities and the Indian markets have been the best performers among all emerging economies riding on FII inflows," said Aman Chowdhury , CEO and Co-Founder, Cians Analytics.
While the market mood is positive, a flare-up of tension in the Middle East could hit sentiments.
"Overall markets look positive and trade positions, market activity, derivatives positions, sentiments - all indicate towards a healthy market movement in this week. Sudden tension in US-Syria, Iraq crisis led to downgrade in global risk appetite.
"We may see steep movements in INR/dollar rates, gold prices and equities if the tensions continue to remain aggravated," said Rakesh Goyal , Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Will this be a turning point for the Valley asks Shobhaa DeWill this be a turning point for the Valley?
By TNN | 14 Sep, 2014, 11.28AM IST
REPRESENTATIVE IMAGE/EPA PHOTO: Over 1,700 sorties have been undertaken so far and over 1,40,000 lives saved under extremely hazardous circumstances.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
By Shobhaa De
All of this week, I frantically tried to contact three men — Yousf Bhai, Naqvi and Sajjid. They are my "Kashmiri friends." I have known them for a few years now. Over time, we have established a wonderful friendship.
Sadly, so far I have not received a response from any of them. Are they safe? Are they even alive? Like me, there are thousands of people who are deeply concerned about friends and relatives they have not heard from. Many more are mourning the loss of loved ones. Ironically, it has taken a grim national tragedy to bring one thing sharply into focus — we can fight the mightiest of enemies within and outside the country, but there is nothing we can do to halt nature's fury. Even as the water levels come down and some modicum of 'normalcy' returns to Srinagar and other severely affected areas, those of us with emotional connections to the state will continue to keep our hopes alive... till the actual news arrives, and we get to know for ourselves whether it's good or bad.
The three men I mention are traders of the finest shawls and carpets from Kashmir. For four generations their families have been engaged in the pursuit of beauty and excellence through their exquisite, handcrafted wares. During our chats, I have asked the young men whether they've thought of doing something else, something more 'modern', and they've shaken their heads, "This is our legacy... this is our life." Their deep knowledge and fine taste have illuminated our exchanges, regardless of whether I was buying anything. Just watching them remove each precious shawl from its soft mulmul covering, and gently open its folds to reveal indescribable beauty, has been a experience I will always treasure. It is a rare education to hear them speak passionately about family traditions going back a century and more. And to share stories about wealthy patrons from overseas who have tried in vain to entice them to 'step up production' and market their shawls to international luxury stores. "How do we explain to these people that it is impossible? We cannot insult our inheritance and weave mechanically in order to meet market demands."
Each time they visit, they bring kilos of freshly shelled walnuts and apricots from their garden, honey from the wild flowers of their region, delicate saffron stems from the fields they tend, hand-embroidered silk phirans for the girls, and pashmina scarves as presents for close friends. Such generosity. Such refinement. So much pride in their craft. Like them, there must be countless families struggling to cope with this monumental tragedy, their looms washed away, their precious shawls and carpets destroyed by the furious waters, their homes completely submerged, along with any hopes of recovering what is irretrievably lost in the deluge.
It is at a time like this that India truly shines. Not all of us have a personal connection to people affected by the floods in J&K, yet we are bound together as a nation by the devastation that has already claimed over 300 lives. It is the men of our armed forces we need to express our deepest gratitude to. Over 1,700 sorties have been undertaken so far and over 1,40,000 lives saved under extremely hazardous circumstances. The newly installed Army chief, General Dalbir Singh , has led 30,000 of his men from the front, earning the blessings of innumerable marooned J&K denizens. But where was chief minister Omar Abdullah ? Or his ministers? Busy using their VVIP status to rescue their own people, according to reports. Shockingly enough, Abdullah was callous enough to state, "People are alive to shout slogans, I have no problems." Really. The problems are right there, right now. And the irate people of your state are ready to deal with them...and you. Watch out, Omar.
Perhaps, an overdue and vital turning point has finally been reached between the people of the beleaguered state and the Centre. If this crisis does lead to a truce of sorts, both sides should seize it immediately. All efforts should be made to build on the goodwill generated by the intervention of the Indian Army. Yes, there is rage. And frustration, too. Faced with local administrative indifference, arrogance and apathy, denied access to food or water, with poor or zero data available about missing people, a backlash is inevitable. The real challenge begins now. The waters will soon recede. But the floodgates of public anger have been opened. Winter is round the corner. There are bereft families out there who have lost everything — loved ones, possessions, homes. A shroud of sorrow covers the valley . As for me, I am praying hard for my three loving brothers from Kashmir — Yousf Bhai, Sajjid and Naqvi — wherever you are, may God be with you.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Opinion on Twitter Follow

Repeated Violations Can t be Settled: SebiSensex, Nifty Fall Most in Nearly 5 Weeks on Fed, China Woes
New Delhi: As the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) tightens its noose on those violating securities laws and defrauding investors, chairman U K Sinha has warned that repeat offenders and those indulging in major offences like insider trading cannot seek settlement of their cases by paying some charges.
At the same time, capital market watchdog Sebi is open to consider the settlement pleas of those suspected of small offences in the capital markets, provided those violations are not to the detriment of retail investors or the overall marketplace, so that the regulator can sharpen its focus on probing serious cases.
The Sebi Chairman also said that the regulatory authority has made a very robust settlement mechanism, which is stronger than the prevailing norms in many developed markets including the US, and is now being followed by regulators in some other countries including the UK.
A consent mechanism is in place at Sebi since 2007, which allows an entity being probed for suspected violations to settle the case after payment of settlement fees and other applicable charges, without admitting or denying the guilt.
This framework was tightened further in 2012, while newly enacted Securities Laws Amendments Act has converted it into regulation with necessary legal backing for such settlements. Sebi's orders in these matters cannot even be challenged now.
To further streamline these norms, Sebi has put in place a detailed 'mathematical' formula and has adopted a scientific approach to determine the settlement charges required to be paid by concerned entities, as also to decide whether a case is appropriate to be settled or it is liable to be rejected for any possible settlement.
"Earlier, there was a chance that someone would come up with most difficult and bad crimes and still get consent. At the same time, we have been criticised of being arbitrary in accepting or rejecting a case for settlement. But, now we have put in place new guidelines to take care of these issues," Mr Sinha told PTI in an interview.
"What we have done is that on the pattern of criminal law, certain offences which are minor in nature, only those will be consented. So we have created two categories - if you committed big offences, you have to suffer. We can't let you go away without even admitting the offence."
"This is in the vast contrast to the practices prevailing in the US and many other developed markets. There, you can do anything and still seek settlement. Sebi has decided that we will not do that. If you have consciously done it, you must suffer," he said.
The Sebi chief further said that "even if somebody is coming for settlement, we have removed the discretion from the officer level for deciding on such pleas".
"We have come out with a very detailed mathematical formula where we have given weightage to certain parameters, for example to whether a person is a first time or repeated offender."
"It takes into account whether the offender has cheated some institutional investor or retail investors are also suffering because of him. At what stage did he come for settlement, and whether the plea has been made voluntarily or after Sebi detecting something significant. Based on these parameters, we have given weightage," Mr Sinha said.
"You will be happy to know that this practice which we have started, other countries have started following it. The latest example is the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) of UK. They have also recently come out with similar guidelines, on the lines of what we have done," he added.
One of the major cases where Sebi has rejected a consent settlement plea was the one involving corporate giant Reliance Industries, while there have been many other major cases where the regulator has refused to settle its probes.
Mr Sinha further said Sebi has decided to concentrate only on smaller offences for consent-based settlement, as it may not be advisable to go through lengthly legal processes and long adjudication proceedings for minor mistakes.
"The message we want to give is that if you have committed a minor mistake, then come and settle it. If you are ready for settlement, we will also consider that. But, if you have committed a bigger offence, you cannot expect any settlement and you will have to suffer," he said.
When asked how does Sebi define big and small offences, Mr Sinha said that the new settlement regulation answers these matters in full detail.
"To give an illustration, insider trading is a serious offence, violation of open offer in takeover matters is a serious offence, and front-running by a mutual fund manager is a serious offence. These offences cannot be consented," he said, adding, "If somebody is doing market manipulation and it has affected to retail investors, it is an offence which cannot be consented."
On what can be consented, he said such cases would include non-compliance to certain disclosure requirements such as under the takeover code.
"If you have pledged your shares, or you have acquired one percent extra you have to inform and if you fail to do it, say for 10-20 days, that can be consented."
"So the majors and minors have been well defined. In a nutshell, cases like insider trading, front-running, serious market manipulation are among those that are not consentable," he said, adding, "All these are defined under the regulation. Even I don't have the powers now to say that something is cosentable or not consentable."
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 18:22 (IST)

Coal bed methane extraction: New hitch for ONGC planKalpana Pathak |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
Coal bed methane extraction: New hitch for ONGC plan
Barely a year after it acquired an interest in four of these blocks, Australia's Dart decides to exit all of them
State-run Oil and Natural Gas Corporation's (ONGC's) foray into coal bed methane (CBM) exploration could get a bit longer. Brisbane-listed Dart Energy has surrendered its stake in the former's CBM bocks.
In June 2013, ONGC had offered a 10 to 25 per cent stake in four of its CBM blocks to Dart. Owing to the tough conditions of doing business in India, Dart said it had decided to exit the country, surrendering its interests in the blocks, said an official from the company.
"In line with the group's re-focused strategy, it is seeking opportunities to farm-out and/or sell or exit all of its activities in India. In addition, the group had in theprevious financial years submitted relinquishment requests in respect of three other licences which continued to be reviewed by the Indian government," Dart said in its annual report.
ONGC did not reply to an email questionnaire sent last week. CBM is natural gas trapped within coal formations, extracted by drilling holes into the seams. ONGC, however, in its 2013-14 annual report, says: "The development plans for all the four blocks have been submitted and approved by the steering committees. Nearly 400 wells and 2,000 hydro-fracturing jobs would be carried out in the coming four-five years, as per timelines of the CBM contract. In view of the mammoth and time-bound task, ONGC has decided to farm-in experienced partners to execute field operations, the process for acquisition of which is in an advanced stage."
ONGC has started selling incidentally produced CBM gas from existing wells at Parbatpur of the Jharia block at an approved price of $5.1 per million British thermal units (mBtu). Cumulative gas sale as on end-March was 11.41 million standard cubic metres.
Commercial CBM production in the ONGC blocks is yet to start. Dart was said to have got 25 per cent interest in the Jharia, North Karanpura and Bokaro blocks in Jharkhand. It also won a 10 per cent stake in the Raniganj block in West Bengal. In the latter, London-listed Great Eastern Energy Corp is Dart's partner, with 25 per cent interest.
ONGC had last year decided to farm out stakes in its four CBM blocks, as it wanted to expedite production. It had faced land acquisition and rig availability issues that have delayed production. It has so far spent Rs 510 crore on the four blocks and had in 2012 offered to give out up to 35 per cent stake in these, hrough a tender. However, the ministry of petroleum and natural gas had asked the company to scrap the tender, as only three players had bid.
ONGC invited fresh international bids in November 2012, to finalise the farm-out arrangement. ONGC is the operator in the Raniganj North block with a 74 per cent stake; government-run Coal India Ltd (CIL) holds the rest.
At Jharia, it holds a 90 per cent stake, while CIL has 10 per cent. At Bokaro and North Karanpura, it is the operator with 80 per cent each. The remaining stake in the two blocks are held by state-owned Indian Oil Corp.
According to ONGC estimates, the Jharia block holds 85 billion cubic metres (bcm) of in-place gas reserves. North Karanpura holds 62 bcm, Bokaro 45 bcm and Raniganj North 43 bcm. Of these, the company has established 76 bcm of in-place reserves.
LOW ON GAS
In June 2013, ONGC had offered a 10 to 25 per cent stake in four of its CBM blocks to Dart
 
CBM is natural gas trapped within coal formations, extracted by drilling holes into the seams
 
Commercial CBM production in ONGC blocks is yet to start
 Advertisements

Reliance raises stake in Jio to 99%Dev Chatterjee |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:49 AM IST
Reliance raises stake in Jio to 99%
Stake held by Nahatas has fallen to just about 1% as they did not make any investments post 2010 in rollout of services
Ahead of the launch of its mobile phone services, Reliance Industries has increased its stake in Reliance Jio to almost 99 per cent. According to documents accessed by Business Standard, RIL increased its direct stake in Jio to 98.9 per cent as on March this year by pumping more capital into the company. The stake held by the Nahatas (Infotel Broadband promoter Mahendra Nahata and his son Anant) has fallen to just one per cent as they did not make any investments after 2010 in the rollout of services. The Nahatas had earlier sold Infotel Broadband to RIL soon after winning a pan-India broadband licence in 2010. The Nahatas will, however, still have a seat on the Reliance Jio board.
An email sent to RIL on Thursday seeking comments did not elicit any response. When contacted, Mahendra Nahata said as more capital in the company was infused by RIL, his stake in the company fell. “But Mukesh Ambani has been gracious enough to offer me a board seat and I am still on the board,” he said.
Led by Ambani’s confidante Manoj Modi and former Maxis CEO Sandip Das, Reliance Jio is currently in the process of rolling out a pan-India 4G infrastructure and is testing signals. Based on the current progress, it is expected to roll out services by early next year in a phased manner. The current estimated cost for this network deployment will be a massive Rs 70,000 crore. The investments are turning out to be a big concern for RIL's investors, who are worried about the profitability of the telecom venture, given the competition from well-entrenched rivals such as Bharti, Vodafone and Idea. Global bank UBS recently valued Jio at Rs 140 a share, adjusting for net debt of the company, and said any stake sale would drive up valuations of Reliance.
According to the documents submitted to bankers, Reliance will first roll out services in top urban cities, and address the rural area coverage in parallel in lieu of its presence as the extensive national backbone spreading across more than 170,000 km. “While we believe that the revenues of the Indian telecom sector will continue to grow with the economy, its composition will shift from the predominant share of voice and text services as is the case today, to broadband and digital services in the years to come. Reliance Jio is well positioned to capture a significant share of this revenue migration as well as of the additional value creation on account of broadband services,” Jio said in its filings with banks.
WHO OWNS JIO?

Can wind from moving train generate power PMO s curious query to RailwaysCan wind from moving train generate power? PMO's curious query to Indian Railways
Avishek G Dastidar | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 15 2014, 14:08  IST
Sep 15 2014, 14:08  IST
 

The Assamese have no word for hugbut the act is suddenly tying them up in knotsBEHOOVE
The Assamese have no word for “hug”—but the act is suddenly tying them up in knots
Written by
Mitra Phukan Mitra Phukan is a writer based in Guwahati, India.
September 15, 2014
They have a famous mating dance but hugs? Forget it. AP Photo/Anupam Nath
SHARE
Mitra Phukan Mitra Phukan is a writer based in Guwahati, India.
September 15, 2014
Surely there cannot be a more culture-specific way of greeting people than with a hug. Just as air-kissing has been perfected by the French, and kissing on the cheeks by the Italians, hugging is also specific to cultures that are not ours.
But first, let us see how we Assamese, as a culture, relate to this practice of hugging. Let us be frank, hugging, as the world knows and practices it, is alien to our Greater Asomiya Culture. It has never been part of our history. No stone panels on ancient temples in our part of the world show two people hugging in quite the same way as people hug these days. Nor do poems commemorate relationships by describing hugs. It is no wonder, therefore, that down the line, today, hugging is not a very commonly seen practice, though it is catching on, especially among the young and the carefree.
In fact, it is true, that we do not, in the Asomiya language, have a word that quite translates into what a hug is about. “Xaboti dhora” sounds weird, as though two people were clasping each other in an agony, rather than in friendship, or compassion, or joy. Then there is the Sanskritised “alingon”, a ponderous and heavy word which fails to describe the spontaneous nature of most hugs. Indeed, “alingon” has a faintly sexual connotation, which is the exact opposite of what a hug, today, is. “Alingon” is more about an embrace, not a hug. For there are, as we know, a lot of differences between an embrace and a hug that makes it imperative to coin a new word in Asomiya for it. One cannot use the word “hug” itself in Asomiya, for it is, unfortunately, similar-sounding to a word in our language that denotes excretory functions.
Here, perhaps, lies the crux of the matter. While much of the rest of the world hugs happily, we lack even a word for it. And as we all know, actions, even thoughts, falter when a vocabulary for a particular object or action is missing.
Hugs between two people of the same gender are more commonly seen than those between a male and a female. Ours is a society that has strict boundaries placed between the genders as far as physical contact is concerned. Even something as casual as a hug, involving a quick interaction is looked at with disapproval. It is seen as a marginally lewd gesture, something that is perceived to be dangerous, since it can lead all the way down to much more “sinful” activity. In any case, in our communities, mingling of the sexes beyond certain strict limits is frowned upon.
All this is actually quite strange, for a hug, proper, has nothing sexual about it. It is more about friendship, and fellow feeling. It is a greeting, like any other, though much more personal than a “Nomoskar” would be, or a handshake. A hug, properly executed, involves, in fact, minimal body contact. A properly executed hug between two people who are familiar with how it is done, is beautiful to behold. It is almost, one can say, like a ballet, a precise dance that is hugely aesthetic as well. The moving forward, the fluid grace of arms as they stretch and bend, the enfolding of the two bodies, the way the bodies meet but are not allowed to merge, the minimal body contact…the sliding forward of the faces …and then the disengagement…all of this, if done properly, is lovely. It is all done very quickly, too, with no lingering over the whole exercise.
Ours is a society that has multiple layers. Economic, social, linguistic, religious, educational…all the differences in these areas add up to different behaviour patterns. So, a person who is comfortable with a more cosmopolitan approach to social interactions will be more likely to hug, than another whose world is limited to a certain kind of behaviour.
All of this is well and good, and there is nothing to complain about here. Problems set in when a “hugger” from Category A, spontaneously and without thinking, in a gesture of pure goodwill, hugs a person from Category B. If the two are of the same gender, then there is perhaps nothing more than a bit of awkwardness as the hugger and the person being hugged (we can call him the “huggee”) collide. The huggee is usually surprised at being thus greeted. Usually he or she does not see the lunge coming, being unexpected.
Things become much more interesting when the hugger and the huggee are of different genders. With all the taboos that we have about physical contact between a man and a woman, it is very rare for a woman to rush forward to hug a man, unless they are really good friends, or the man is much younger than her. However, there are some “natural huggers” who are male. They are usually very friendly, and demonstrative. They think nothing of greeting a woman with an affectionate hug. This is, for them, a friendly gesture, nothing more. But then the woman, coming from a culture and society that frowns upon hugs, shrinks back, and looks away, often with a scowl on her face. She thinks the man is making a pass, when the poor guy is not doing anything remotely like that. In any case, the attempt to hug was taking place in full view of many others. The man, embarrassed because his friendliness has been misconstrued as something much more serious, becomes red in the face. This is a shame, actually, because the man meant well, and in his mind, there was nothing remotely improper about what he was doing.
There are some people who are “natural” huggers. They go about it so spontaneously that there is nothing offensive about it at all. These are the people who often cannot distinguish between people who will reciprocate their hugs, and those who will misunderstand them. Theirs is therefore a difficult life, in a social set up such as ours.
It is also true that there are people who are “unnatural” huggers. These are people for whom hugging is a way of showing an affection that they do not actually feel. Some huggers have decided that to hug is fashionable, and therefore they do it even when they are not naturally spontaneous in their embraces. Or sometimes, they hug people to show others how “close” they are to them. This last category of people usually hugs to impress onlookers, who are meant to think, “Wow, she’s on hugging terms with that celebrity!” These “unnatural huggers” rush up to the unsuspecting victim, arms outstretched stiffly, faces screwed up in a most artificial grin. Even as the huggee recoils, this hugger snatches at her, and pulls her towards herself. It is all quite frightening to watch, and it is no wonder that the huggee remains in a state of shock for quite a while after this.
All things considered, this ongoing engagement between huggers and huggees of different categories is indeed one of the most interesting things to happen at social gatherings in our part of the world these days.
A version of this piece first appeared in  Assam Tribune .
Share this:
Top News

RIP  TONY AUTH: Colleagues salute Pulitzer-winning Philadelphia journalist as a singular  big-hearted artistBy Michael Cavna September 15 at 12:00 AM Follow @comicriffs
by TONY AUTH (courtesy of Universal Uclick)
 
“IT’S BEEN a great ride.”
Those were Tony Auth’s words just two years ago , when the Pulitzer-winning cartoonist talked about his decision to end his remarkable four-decade run and reign at the Philadelphia Inquirer. At that time, Auth was brimming with joy and enthusiasm about the next phase of his career and life. At age 70, he had made the transition to drawing digitally, and he was eager to render iPad-sprung art for a new employer at an age when some people can’t wait to retire. For Auth, though, art seemed an ever-renewable resource.
“Here I am, able to change direction and create another way to live my life,” Auth told The Post’s Comic Riffs at the time, “while continuing to do what I love.”
More recently, though, Auth had to surrender what he loved, as his years-long battle with cancer recently took a turn for the worse, family members said. Sources told Comic Riffs last week that Auth had entered hospice care.
On Sunday, Mr. Auth died of brain cancer, relatives said. He was 72.
“I’m so profoundly saddened by the news of Tony Auth’s death, I find it difficult to put my feelings to words, but leave it to say that we have lost one of the true greats of American editorial cartooning,” Clay Bennett, the Pulitzer-winning Chattanooga Times Free Press cartoonist, tells The Post’s Comic Riffs.
“Every once in a while, an artist comes along with a singularly unique voice and a style that seems derivative of no one before him,” Bennett says of his friend. “Tony Auth was such an artist.”
Auth arrived at the Inquirer in 1971, and within five years created Pulitzer-winning work; he would twice again be a finalist for the prize before taking a buyout in 2012, to go to the TV station WHYY’s NewsWorks.org .
Tony Auth retirement cartoon in 2012, by Philadelphia colleague Signe Wilkinson.
“For the vast span of 40 years, I’ve been in­cred­ibly appreciated — with the possible exception of Herblock’s, there cannot have been a better environment for me to function in,” Auth told Comic Riffs in March of 2012 upon his Inquirer retirement. He cited his particular appreciation of such Inquirer editors as Creed Black, Ed Guthman and Gene Roberts, as well as Chris Satullo, who also moved to NewsWorks.
“Tony Auth was a great cartoonist, a fine journalist and an even better friend,” Satullo, now WHYY’s vice president for news and civic engagement, told the Associated Press.
“Tony relished cartooning. He loved the drawing, the politics and the phone calls afterwards,” Signe Wilkinson, his fellow Philadelphia political cartoonist, tells Comic Riffs on Sunday evening. “He also relished egging on other cartoonists, including young ones starting out, including me.”
“I walked into his office with a putrid portfolio,” says the Pulitzer-winning Wilkinson, “and he treated me like I was already one of the gang. It’s one of the many reasons he’s admired in the cartoon fraternity.”
Cartoonist after cartoonist — and sometimes even aspiring artists who moved on to other forms of journalism — cites Mr. Auth’s generosity of spirit and professional encouragement.
“His personal kindness, generosity and warmth existed side by side with a take-no-prisoners cartooning style,” CNN newsman Jake Tapper tells The Post’s Comic Riffs. “His editorial-page real estate — feared by pols — was my first stop every morning growing up in and living in Philly.”
“When I was first entering the field after graduating college, he was one of the cartoonists I wrote to asking for advice,” King Features political cartoonist Jimmy Margulies tells Comic Riffs. “I was thrilled to receive a letter of encouragement from him,” continues Margulies, who within a few years would host Mr. Auth on a National Cartoonists Society panel.
“Tony reached out to me when I was just starting out,” the Pulitzer-winning cartoonist Steve Breen of the U-T San Diego tells Comic Riffs. “He gave me some really encouraging compliments over lunch one day in the summer of 1998. He was very generous with his time as he showed me the newspaper and his office and taught me some Photoshop.”
Mr. Auth seemed to always remember what it was like for him as a young cartoonist coming out of UCLA, before heading East in the early ’70s, where we would befriend fellow greats like Jules Feiffer. “He not only was a tremendous friend,” the Pulitzer-winning Feiffer tells Comic Riffs. “He also was the most sweet-natured man.”
“Tony was always kind, supportive and generous,” the Pulitzer-winning Newsday cartoonist Matt Davies tells Comic Riffs. “He once introduced me, an inexperienced pipsqueak, to Pat Oliphant and Garry Trudeau at the bar at an Association of American Editorial Cartoonists convention, and began a discussion with them about my work. I was speechless.
“I’ll never forget it. I’ll never forget him.”
Davies would later be a judge on the panel that selected Mr. Auth as the Herblock Prize winner in 2005 . “Tony was a brilliant, original, free-spirited thinker, writer and artist,” says Davies, underscoring just how vital a journalistic voice Auth remained 35 years into his Inquirer career.
As an artist, Auth also proved that potent opinions could be delivered with a clean economy of line.
“Auth was the perfect cartoonist for the City of Brotherly Love,” Matt Wuerker, Politico’s Pulitzer-winning cartoonist, tells Comic Riffs. “He was a big-hearted guy who drew with a light line and had breezy style. But that light touch packed a wallop.
“Over his decades at the top of the game,” Wuerker continues, “Tony demonstrated that great political cartoons don’t need to be loaded with bile and invective to be powerful and memorable.” And when Auth was a Pulitzer finalist in 2010, the judges cited “his masterful simplicity in expressing consistently fearless positions on national and local issues.”
Mr. Auth also illustrated nearly a dozen children’s books and drew a short-lived comic strip, “Norb,” for King Features.
In June of 2012, a retrospective of his political-cartooning work, titled “To Stir, Inform and Inflame: The Art of Tony Auth,” went on exhibit at Pennsylvania’s James A. Michener Art Museum. Temple University has agreed to house Mr. Auth’s archives.
“Tony was one of the true sequoias of the field,” says Tom Toles, Pulitzer-winning cartoonist at The Washington Post. “He conveyed seriousness and intelligence, both in person and in his work. And still managed to be quirky, funny, but above all, tough.
“He was one of the greats, and is sorely missed.”
courtesy of the artist and Universal Uclick/2012
 
Tony Auth was born in Akron, Ohio, in 1942 and by age 5, was drawing while bedridden for a year and a half, according to his website .
Mr. Auth received a degree in biological illustration in 1965 and worked as a medical artist before shifting his focus to the body politic for the UCLA student newspaper and an alternative newspaper.
Many of his colleagues cited Mr. Auth’s devotion as a family man. He is survived by his wife, Eliza, and two adult daughters.
(And on a personal note, it was Mr. Auth who encouraged me to begin creating art digitally instead of by pen and paper; within weeks, I was testing out his favorite iPad art apps. This big-hearted man seemed to know with great wisdom what other artists needed to hear. It was his gift for truly listening — and truly caring.)
“It’s been a great ride — 40 years,” he said to Comic Riffs.
Thank you, Mr. Auth, for your every illustrative view and viewpoint along that remarkable ride.
 
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=entertainment, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410753620/1410753620000/1410753620 tracking: {authors=Michael Cavna, blog_name=comic-riffs, content_category=Entertainment, in_url_headline=rip-tony-auth-colleagues-salute-the-pulitzer-winning-philadelphia-legend, post_id=2437, section={section=entertainment, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 15, 2014 4:00:20 AM close date: Sep 29, 2014 4:00:20 AM

Tayo Rolls allots pref. shares to Tata SteelTayo Rolls allots pref. shares to Tata Steel
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
Tayo Rolls in a communication to the BSE said that its board of directors had on Saturday allotted five lakh non-cumulative redeemable preference shares of Rs 100 each, with a coupon rate of 8.5 per cent, to Tata Steel on preferential basis.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Today's Poll
Gold prices are falling. Will you invest now?
Yes

Southern Online to demerge ISP divisionSouthern Online to demerge ISP division
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
Southern Online Bio Technologies has informed the BSE that its board of directors on Saturday had approved the scheme of demerger of ISP division of the company into Southern Online Services.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Today's Poll
Gold prices are falling. Will you invest now?
Yes

Varun Industries to be delisted from NSEVarun Industries to be delisted from NSE
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
Varun Industries said that its board of directors on September 13 had approved the delisting proposal of the company’s shares from the National Stock Exchange.
In filing to the stock exchanges, Varun Industries said its shares would continue to be listed on the BSE.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Today's Poll
Gold prices are falling. Will you invest now?
Yes

Yes Bank dips as FII investment reaches trigger pointSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 09:26 AM IST
Yes Bank dips as FII investment reaches trigger point
RBI said the foreign investors will need the central bank's approval to buy equity in private sector lender.
Yes Bank has dipped nearly 3% at Rs 616 in early morning deals on NSE after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said the foreign investors will need the central bank's approval to buy additional equity in the private sector lender.
RBI said foreign shareholding limit in Yes Bank through FIIs/ Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs)/ NRIs/ Persons of Indian Origin/ Foreign Direct Investment/ American Depository Receipts/Global Depository Receipts has reached the trigger limit.
"Therefore, further purchases of equity shares of this bank would be allowed only after obtaining prior approval of the Reserve Bank," RBI said in a release.
The stock opened at Rs 624 and has seen a combined around 200,000 shares changing hands on the counter so far on NSE and BSE.
 

Yes Bank as FII investment reaches trigger limitYes Bank slips over 2% as FII investment reaches trigger limit
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 15 Sep, 2014, 11.30AM IST
Foreign investors will need RBI's approval to buy equity in Yes Bank as it has reached the limit allowed for overseas shareholding, PTI reported on Friday. 
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Yes Bank Ltd fell over 4 per cent in trade on Monday, after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said that FIIs need approval to buy equity in private sector lender Yes Bank as it has reached the limit allowed for overseas shareholding.
Foreign investors will need the Reserve Bank's approval to buy equity in private sector lender Yes Bank as it has reached the limit allowed for overseas shareholding, PTI reported on Friday.
At 11:29 a.m.; Yes Bank was trading 4.04 per cent lower at Rs 607.40. It has hit a low of Rs 606.35 and a high of Rs 624.20 in trade today.
RBI said foreign shareholding limit in Yes Bank through FIIs/ Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs)/ NRIs/ Persons of Indian Origin/ Foreign Direct Investment/ American Depository Receipt/Global Depository Receipts has reached the trigger limit.
"Therefore, further purchases of equity shares of this bank would be allowed only after obtaining prior approval of the Reserve Bank," RBI said in a release.
RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

70% employers to expand; mid-level talent in demand: SurveySep 15, 2014, 09.38 AM IST  | Source: PTI
70% employers to expand; mid-level talent in demand: Survey
Companies are realising the value of developing employee skills and offering internal career opportunities, as senior level executives and human resources teams recognise the importance of retention strategies, the report said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
70% employers to expand; mid-level talent in demand: Survey
Companies are realising the value of developing employee skills and offering internal career opportunities, as senior level executives and human resources teams recognise the importance of retention strategies, the report said.
Post your opinion here
 
The country is likely to see high growth in the job market as 70 percent employers plan to expand their team, a recent survey said.
"India's business market is currently primed for expansion, with the recruitment market being driven by significant industry sectors such as FMCG, retail, healthcare, manufacturing and real estate. About 70 percent of employers surveyed plan to expand their team," Michael Page's 'India Salary & Employment Forecast' for 2014-15 said.
In addition, many employers seek highly competent professionals at the mid to senior management level, with 45 per cent of surveyed employers indicating that mid-level professionals will be in highest demand in the coming year, the survey report said.
Companies are realising the value of developing employee skills and offering internal career opportunities, as senior level executives and human resources teams recognise the importance of retention strategies, the report said.
"Managing turnover will continue to provide a major challenge for employers in the next 12 months, with 51 per cent of surveyed employers expecting staff to leave their business in the coming year," it said.
Companies are also implementing full-fledged diversity programmes to ensure equal opportunity for candidates irrespective of their background or gender. In the past few years, employers made strong a headway when it comes to corporate responsibility, including implementing diversity policies to provide equal opportunity to candidates from all backgrounds and genders. About 79 percent of employers surveyed indicate that women in their organisation are provided equal opportunity to progress to executive level roles as men, the survey report said.
In terms of hiring strategies, 68 per cent of employers invest in digital assets to attract new candidates to the recruitment process, the survey said.
RELATED NEWS

Nagarjunasar dam fills up  crest gates liftedNagarjunasagar dam fills up, crest gates lifted
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 15:  
The Nagarjunasagar dam on river Krishna in Nalgonda district of Telangana has filled up and eight crest gates have been lifted today to release water.
The mega masonry dam had achieved full reservoir level of 590 feet with the dam storage capacity of 315 TMC bringing cheer to irrigation and energy departments and the farm community.
The delayed and erratic monsoons had caused concerns when the dam had reached dead storage level of 510 ft in July.
With both the large dams of Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar filling up they are expected to provide big boost to power generation in both Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
With Srisailam continuing to get inflows from Jurala, two crest gates have been lifted there and water released into Nagarjunasar both from the crest gates and water from power generation.
Meanwhile, power generation at two units with capacity of 440 mw has been disrupted at Rayalaseema thermal power project due to inadequate coal stocks and supplies. Efforts are being made to augment coal supplies by APGenco.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Sensex plunges 211 points on weak industrial production data  Asian cuesSensex plummets 244 points on disappointing IIP data, weak global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The Sensex and the Nifty plunged nearly one per cent at the closing session on Monday on heavy selling by funds and retail investors due to weak industrial production data and weak global cues.
Brokers said selling pressure emerged as the country’s industrial production growth slowed to a four-month low of 0.5 per cent in July but easing retail inflation to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July, and dip in WPI inflation to a five-year low of 5.74 per cent in August restricted the fall.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex plunged 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty fell 63.5 points to end at 8,042.
Among BSE sectoral indices, metal index fell the most by 1.69 per cent, oil & gas and IT 0.96 per cent each. On the other hand, healthcare index was up 0.41 per cent, followed by realty 0.18 per cent and infrastructure index 0.18 per cent.
Cipla, Hero MotoCorp, Dr Reddy's, HDFC Bank and Infosys were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were Hindalco, Tata Steel, SSLT, ONGC and Coal India.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head-Research Eastern Financiers, earlier in the day said in a report: "The markets are expected to start the week on a subdued note on the back of weak IIP data declared during the week-end. Although Consumer Price Index (CPI) was at a comfortable zone, markets would be keenly watching the Wholesale Price Inflation (WPI) data for August scheduled to be released on Monday. Further, stock-specific action could be seen after second instalment of advance tax payments by corporates start trickling in.''
European shares fell after disappointing macroeconomic data from China raised concerns about the pace of economic growth in the world's second-biggest economy.
Week-end data showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled, increasing fears that the world's second-largest economy may be at the risk of a sharp slowdown unless Beijing takes fresh stimulus measures.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slipped less than 0.1 per cent to 344.04 at 10.13 a.m. in London, paring losses of as much as 0.4 per cent.
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index retreated 0.6 per cent today for an eighth day of declines, its longest streak since January 2010. Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures fell 0.2 per cent.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Cipla hits new high; stock gains 10% in two daysSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 10:03 AM IST
Cipla hits new high; stock gains 10% in two days
Since September 1, the stock rallied 23% after the company launched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden.
Cipla has rallied 3% to Rs 631, also its record high on National Stock Exchange (NSE) in otherwise weak market on reports that Gilead Sciences plans to allow five Indian firms to sell generic versions of its new HepatitisC medicines viz sofosbuvir and ledipasvir in 90 countries.
Companies likely to sign deals with Gilead are Cadila, Hetero, Strides Arcolab and Mylan, while Cipla is expected to earn active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) rights, a Business Standard report suggests.
In past two trading sessions, shares of pharmaceutical company have rallied nearly 10% from Rs 575, compared to 1% decline in CNX Nifty.
The stock outperformed the market by gaining 23% since September 1, after the company said it aunched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair. The benchmark index up 1% during the same period.
Surajit Pal analyst at Prabhudas Lilladher recommended a ‘buy’ rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 643.
With approval in Germany and Sweden in generic Advair/Seretide, the company expects Europe to offer large opportunity in respiratory sales in near to medium term. Overall, respiratory market in Europe is Euro 2.5 billion with 30 million patients under 45 years of age.
The management expects a series of launches across Europe in 12?18 months. Cipla also guided for a launch of combination inhalers in a sizeable EU market in H2FY15, says analyst in a report dated September 4, 2014.
 

Shiv Sena blasts CM Chavan over anti-Uddhav remarksPress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 09:55 AM IST
Shiv Sena blasts CM Chavan over anti-Uddhav remarks
Chavan had said that Uddhav Thackeray lacks experience to run a govt
Maharashtra Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's criticism of Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray has not gone down well with the saffron party, which today blasted the Congress leader.
After the two leaders participated in an event organised by a TV channel here on Saturday, Chavan had said that Uddhav lacked the experience to run a government as he wasn't part of the Sena-BJP government which came to power in 1995.
"Chavan says Uddhav didn't have any experience. What experience did he have when he became chief minister ? Because he is finding it tough to get a safe constituency to contest the poll, his mental condition has become unstable like that of a patient in ICU," an editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamana said here.
The editorial also questioned the experience of Congress leaders Rahul Gandhi and his father Rajiv Gandhi.
"Chavan warmed the chief ministerial chair and it did not benefit Maharashtra," it added.
 Advertisements

Bajaj Electricals gains on orders worth Rs 518 croreSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 10:00 AM IST
Bajaj Electricals gains on orders worth Rs 518 crore
The company has received two rural electrification orders in Madhya Pradesh worth Rs 518.46 crore
Shares of Bajaj Electricals were up over 4% at Rs 290 after the company said it has bagged two orders worth Rs 518.46 crore.
The first order from Madhya Pradesh Purva Kshetra Vidyut Vitaran Company Ltd for rural electrification work in select districts of Madhya Pradesh for Rs 412.37 crore.
The second order is for rural electrification work in Morena district of Madhya Pradesh which includes electrification of households below-the-poverty line. The order value for the same is Rs 106.09 crore.
The stock opened at Rs 287 and touched a high of Rs 296 on the BSE so far. Over 590,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.
 Advertisements

Rains in China kill 19  thousandsevacuatedPrint
Associated Press | Beijing | Posted: September 15, 2014 10:38 am
Heavy rains in China’s southwest have killed at least 19 people and left 20 missing, with tens of thousands of people evacuated due to flooding, state media reported Monday.
The China News Service reported that 12 people had died in the city of Chongqing, three in neighboring Sichuan province and another four in Shaanxi province. Some 160,000 people had been evacuated from Shaanxi alone with another 85,000 from Sichuan.
The rains struck the region throughout Saturday, adding to downpours that hit Sichuan the previous five days.
Footage broadcast on China Central Television showed soldiers rescuing residents trapped in apartment buildings surrounded by high waters, including a woman and child holding on to ropes as they were lowered to a boat.
China’s meteorological center forecast heavy rain would continue in southwest and central China until Monday afternoon.

BSE Sensex slips below 27k level  plunges 185ptsBSE Sensex slipped below the 27,000-mark by falling 185.55 points in early trade. (Reuters)
Mumbai | Posted: September 15, 2014 10:31 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 12:52 pm
Benchmark indices were trading lower on Monday as industrial output showed signs of slowing down.
The BSE benchmark, the Sensex was trading 200.51 points or 0.74% lower at 26,860.53 points, while the NSE’s Nifty was trading 0.69% or 56.20 points lower at 8,049.30 points at 11:00 am IST.
On Friday, data showed that the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) rose 0.5% In July as against 3.9% in the previous month; slowest in four months.
Experts feel markets could see further correction. “We may see further price correction or profit booking, if the Nifty breaks 8050 in the near term. Resistance is at 8250. Support is at 8050 and below that 8000,” Standard Chartered Securities said in a note.
Among sectoral indices, the BSE Metal (-1.28%), BSE Oil & Gas (-0.77%) and BSE Capital Goods (-0.71%) were trading in the red. Among Sensex stocks, Hindalco (-2.85%), Gail (-2.23%) and Tata Steel (-1.96%) were the major losers.
Most Asian indices were trading lower. The Hang Seng (-0.73%), Kospi (-0.24%), Straits Times (-0.27%), Jakarta Composite (-0.24%) and Taiwan Taiex (-0.15%) were trading lower.
NSE Sensex tumbles over 185 points in early trade
The benchmark BSE Sensex tumbled over 185 points to dip below the 27,000-mark in early trade today on selling by funds and retail investors after industrial production growth slowed to 0.5 per cent in July amid a weak trend in the Asian region.
The 30-share barometer slipped below the 27,000-mark by falling 185.55 points, or 0.69 per cent, to 26,875.49 with metal, FMCG, power, capital goods and IT stocks leading the fall.
The index had gained 65.17 points in the previous session on Friday.
On similar lines, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty moved down by 70.95 points, or 0.88 per cent, to trade below the 8,100-mark at 8,034.55.
In the metal sector, stocks of Tata Steel fell 2.19 per cent, Sesa Sterlite Ltd shed 1.33 per cent and Hindalco lost 2.43 per cent in early trade.
Brokers said selling activity emerged largely on disappointing economic data as the country’s industrial production growth slowed to 4-month low of 0.5 per cent in July but easing retail inflation to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July, restricted the fall.
Besides, a weak trend on other Asian bourses after data showing Chinese industrial output expanded in August at its slowest rate since the global financial crisis, influenced the sentiments, they said.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index was down by 0.75 per cent in early trade, while Japan’s financial markets are closed today for a public holiday.

Sensex slips below 27 000; RIL  L&T top losersSensex slips below 27,000, down over 200 points; RIL among top Sensex loser
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 15 Sep, 2014, 09.39AM IST
Sensex slips below 27,000; RIL, L&T top losers
Sensex slips below 27,000; RIL, L&T top losers
50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8100, weighed down by losses in banks, capital goods, IT, metal and oil & gas stocks. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 237 points in trade on Monday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. The fall in the index was led by losses in RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank, SBI and ITC.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8100, weighed down by losses in banks, capital goods , IT, metal and oil & gas stocks.
At 09:30 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,864, down 196 points or 0.73 per cent. It touched a high of 26,998.07 and a low of 26,824.27 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,033 down 72 points or 0.89 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,077.30 and a low of 8032.95.
The S&P BSE Midcap Index was down 0.49 per cent and BSE S&P Smallcap Index edged lower by 0.13 per cent.
Cipla (up 2 per cent), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.84 per cent) and Sun Pharma (up 0.52 per cent) were among the major Sensex gainers.
GAIL (down 1.6 per cent), Tata Steel (down 1.7 per cent), Hindalco (down 2 per cent), BHEL (down 1.5 per cent) and HDFC (down 1.4 per cent) were the major index losers.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Conservative-led government concedes defeat in Swedennational politics
Prime Minster Fredrik Reinfeldt to resign on Monday
Sweden voted for a change of government on Sunday with a left-leaning bloc ending Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt’s eight years in office at the helm of a conservative-led coalition.
Mr. Reinfeldt conceded defeat late on Sunday, and said he would hand in his government’s resignation on Monday. “The election campaign is over, we didn’t quite make it,” he said.
Mr. Reinfeldt, 49, also announced he would step down as leader of the conservative Moderate Party in the spring. He has led the party since 2003, and moved it more to the centre.
The task of forming a new government will first fall on Stefan Lofven, leader of the opposition Social Democrats.
Mr. Lofven, 57, said he was “prepared to attempt to form a new government” and will start talks with the Greens, but was prepared to cooperate with other “democratic parties”.
The left-leaning opposition party trio - the Social Democrats, the Greens and the Left Party - scored 43.8 per cent, compared to 39.3 per cent for Mr. Reinfeldt’s ruling four-party coalition.
Mr. Lofven faces a challenge as the three red-green parties will not be able to form a majority - garnering 159 of 349 seats, 16 shy of a majority.
Mr. Lofven, a former union leader who has not previously had a seat in parliament, ruled out cooperating with the anti-immigration Sweden Democrats despite their strong gains in Sunday’s polls. The party almost doubled their vote to around 13 per cent. “First of all, 87 per cent do not share their values,” Mr. Lofven said.
“Now is the time to put party tactics aside and take responsibility for Sweden,” he added.
The Social Democratic party’s 31 per cent was slightly over the 2010 result, and off the 35 per cent it had targeted. Mr. Lofven said that few parties in Europe polled over 30 per cent, and the Swedish political scene had seen a proliferation of parties.
The Moderate Party took about 23.3 per cent of the vote, seven percentage points off the 2010 election result, according to preliminary tallies.
Political observers expressed surprise over Mr. Reinfeldt’s decision to announce his resignation as party leader on election night. It was not known who would succeed him.
The Greens failed in their aim to retain the position as third-largest party but welcomed the chance of having a say over a new government.
“The people of Sweden have clearly voted for a new government and we will give them a new government,” Gustav Fridolin, one of the two leaders of the Greens, told party supporters.
His co-leader Asa Romson said “a responsibility has fallen on our shoulders.” The Sweden Democrats became the third-largest party.
Party leader Jimmie Akesson told party faithful that the party had achieved its aim of potentially holding the balance of power.
The other blocs have stated they would not cooperate with the Sweden Democrats.
“It will be tricky,” Henrik Ekengren Oscarsson, professor of political science at Gothenburg University, said on SVT.
The radical Feminist Initiative party - which would have supported Mr. Lofven - failed to clear the 4 per cent hurdle for inclusion in parliament.
“We have to admit we are slightly disappointed, but we have started a long process,” party leader Gudrun Schyman said.
Mr. Reinfeldt, in office since 2006, was seeking a third term for his coalition, which includes his conservative Moderate Party, the Liberal Party, the Centre Party and the Christian Democrats.
The opposition has argued for change, citing unemployment and falling test results in schools.
Finance Minister Anders Borg, a close confidante of Mr. Reinfeldt, said the Moderate Party had “paid a price” for ruling and taking responsibility during eight years in office.
Some 7.3 million people were eligible to vote. The Election Authority estimated turnout at around 83 per cent, which could top the 2010 result when all postal ballots were counted.
In addition to national elections, voters elected 20 county council assemblies and 290 municipal assemblies.
Local advisory referendums were held in six municipalities, including Gothenburg, Sweden’s second-largest city. The ballot there features a vote on a congestion fee for vehicles entering and exiting the city.

Economy to grow at 5.6% in FY 15  says FICCIEconomy to grow at 5.6 per cent in current fiscal, says FICCI
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 11:37 IST
Photo: Reuters
India's GDP will grow at 5.6 per cent during 2014-15 and economic activity is expected to continue with this momentum in the second half of the current fiscal, Ficci said on Sunday.
"The new government guided by the objective of restoring growth and governance has given very positive policy signals in its first 100 days. We see the confidence amongst investors slowly returning and hope that going ahead, the momentum on implementation front will build up," said the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry's (Ficci) latest Economic Outlook Survey.
While agricultural growth is expected to remain steady despite a delay in monsoon, the industrial sector is expected to grow by 4.7 per cent in 2014-15 fiscal.
This is 1.6 percentage points more than the growth estimate in the previous survey round conducted in June 2014, the chamber said.
Retail inflation is expected at 7.8 per cent this fiscal, in sync with the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) target indicated earlier this year.
The economists who participated in the survey also felt that the RBI will consider a cut in policy rates only in the first quarter of the next calendar year.
The RBI will wait and watch until there were definite signs of inflationary pressure abating, they said.
The minimum and maximum range for GDP growth in the current fiscal is indicated at 5.3 and 6 per cent respectively, as against 5.3 estimated in the previous round, reflecting optimism, Ficci said.
The projection by the economists regarding exports and the current account deficit (CAD) reflected no imminent risks. The CAD to GDP ratio for the fiscal was projected at 1.9 per cent.
The economists also identified some priority areas for the government like developing a world-class infrastructure, ensuring uninterrupted power supply, resolving labour issues and minimising procedural hassles and fast-tracking approvals.

Snowman Logistics gains 5%  locked in upper circuit as big players pick shares in bulkSnowman Logistics hits upper circuit of 5% as Reliance Mutual Fund buys shares
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 15 Sep, 2014, 11.16AM IST
With players like Damani entering the co, sends out bullish view in mkt. The stock is likely to see more upmove in the coming sessions, say analysts.
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Shares of newly listed Snowman Logistics were locked at 5 per cent upper circuit in trade after mutual funds and a big player bought shares in bulk deals on listing day.
According to data available on the NSE, Reliance Mutual Fund tax saver (ELSS) fund bought 16,00,000 shares at Rs 79.80 per share and Reliance Mutual Fund bought 20,00,000 shares at Rs 79.04 per share.
Ace investor Radhakishen Damani's fund Derive Investments also bought 23,70,023 shares at Rs 79.67 a piece.
With players like Damani entering the company, sends out bullish view in the market. The stock is likely to see more upmove in the coming sessions, say analysts.
The stock has surged 75 per cent in just two sessions as it moved to Rs 82.65 from issue price of Rs 47.
At 10:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 82.65, up 5 per cent, on the BSE. There were 19.05 lakh pending buy orders and no sellers in the stock.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Inflation on Target but Investment Needs to Pick Up: RajanExports Growth Slows to 2.4 Per Cent in August
Mumbai:
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Dr Raghuram Rajan said India's macroeconomic indicators are improving and inflation has been coming down consistent with the central bank's forecast, but Asia's third-largest economy needs investment growth to pick up.
Dr Rajan, however, said Friday's industrial output and inflation data suggested that recovery was "uneven."
Output from mines, utilities and factories grew by a much slower-than-expected 0.5 per cent year-on-year, government data showed on Friday, down from June's revised 3.9 per cent rise.
Retail inflation, which the RBI tracks for setting lending rates, edged down marginally to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent a month earlier.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Multiplus Holdings  AGM on Sept 27  2014Sep 15, 2014, 11.02 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Multiplus Holdings' AGM on Sept 27, 2014
Multiplus Holdings Ltd has informed BSE that the 32nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Multiplus Holdings' AGM on Sept 27, 2014
Multiplus Holdings Ltd has informed BSE that the 32nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Multiplus Holdings Ltd has informed BSE that the 32nd Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company will be held on September 27, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Columns: Defusing the power crisisTop 3 picks: Mindtree, IFB Industries, Cadila Healthcare
Mindtree: Revenue has grown at an impressive CAGR of 26% during FY11-14, while PAT has grown at a CA...

Weekly wrap: Key indices halt victory run ahead of FOMC meetSep 12, 2014, 07.50 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Weekly wrap: Key indices halt victory run ahead of FOMC meet
Investors expect volatility on account of policy setting meet of the US Federal Reserve on September 16-17. It is being speculated that US Fed may consider cutting rates earlier than expected
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Weekly wrap: Key indices halt victory run ahead of FOMC meet
Investors expect volatility on account of policy setting meet of the US Federal Reserve on September 16-17. It is being speculated that US Fed may consider cutting rates earlier than expected
Post your opinion here
 
18:13
It was the week of broader markets which continued the dash despite the benchmarks stopping for a breather, consolidating at higher levels.
Both Sensex and Nifty eked out marginal gains while CNX mid-cap and BSE small-cap indices surged 3-5 percent in the week ended September 12.
Speed breaker ahead?
Investors were wary of piling big bets ahead of the macroeconomic data slated to be released on Friday post market hours and potential volatility on account of policy setting meet of the US Federal Reserve on September 16-17.
US Fed meeting next week will be crucial for emerging markets which has been swamped with global liquidity created due to easy money policy of central banks around the world. A research paper released earlier by the San Francisco Fed suggested that investors anticipate slower rate hikes than US policymakers. This created a scare in Asian markets and US bond yields spiked during the week.
"What we think could happen in the next FOMC meeting is the Fed may change the wording to really give themselves more flexibility in terms of how quickly they raise interest rates after the end of QE. They have been using the phrase considerable time, to indicate quite a long time after the end of QE before they raise rates. We wonder whether they might change that now because they want to have flexibility and if they do change then the markets would be nervous about that because the markets will perhaps rebuild the possibility that rates will go up soon enough," said Geoffrey Dennis of UBS in an interview to CNBC-TV18.
 
According to Dennis, the Fed could hike rates in the middle of next year and this could potentially trigger a 5-7 percent correction in emerging markets but does not see a big sell-off if the rate hike is announced.
Jyotivardhan Jaipuria, Head of Research at BofAML echoes the sentiment. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, he said global cues, especially interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve, continue to be the biggest risk for Indian equities and could spoil the party. He foresees a 5-7 percent correction from the current levels.
But this volatility on account of global cues might be offset by increased confidence from domestic investors in the economic recovery and improving growth. Inflation and slow industrial growth will continue to pose short-term speed bumps though.
Industrial growth drag, inflation in-line
Market may totally ignore this on Monday but this might play a sentiment dampener going ahead. Industrial activity, as measured by the index of industrial production (IIP), slipped to 0.5 percent in the month of July, data released by the government showed, compared to 3.9 percent in the previous month (which was revised higher from 3.4 percent).
Hope persists 
Experts continue to remain bullish citing the liquidity wave that has swept the market. Rahul Arora, CEO, Nirmal Bang Institutional Equities told CNBC-TV18  that the market has started to run a little ahead of fundamentals. In the near-term, he expects Nifty's to touch 8300-8400 levels. He also sounded a note of caution on massive rally in broader markets.
"In the month of August DIIs actually pumped in a very strong buy figure. But I think it is getting a little bit ahead of itself and if you see exactly the point that you mentioned people are now struggling to find ideas, which is why you are seeing the quality of stocks that is going up in mid and small cap indices are actually quite questionable."
Domestic mutual funds turned net buyers of local stocks after 5 months; investing a record Rs 6,957.60 crore in equities in the month of August. 
Market Internals
Cipla, BoB, PNB, SBI, IDFC & Asian Paints, Bharti Airtel & HUL were the top Nifty gainers this week.
GSFC, HOEC, Marksans Pharma, Shalimar Paints, Bharati Shipyard and Alembic spiked 15-36 percent from the mid-cap pocket.
Banking stocks were the best performers from the sectoral indices this week; Bank Nifty and CNX PSU indices swelled 1.8 percent-5.1 percent during the week. SBI, PNB and BoB spiked 4.6 percent-7 percent and fared among the top Nifty gainers.
Regulatory scare
  
From the pharma pack, Sun Pharma hogged the spotlight this week after USFDA came calling for a surprise check on their Halol facility after a spate of recalls from the pharma major recently. According to CNBC-TV18, USFDA made multiple observations and are focussing on manufacturing and quality control departments. Halol contributes 40 percent to Sun Pharma's sales in the US market and 25 percent of consolidated profits.
The stock tanked 6.2 percent in the week; Cipla which gained 10 percent was the top gainer from the pharma pack.
IPO buzz
The bull run sparked off by Modimania seems to have breathed new life into the moribund primary market. Debutants Snowman Logistics and Sharda Cropchem IPOs both got a thumbs-up from investors and got subscribed over 60 times more than their issue size. Snowman Logistics stock got listed at a premium of almost 70 percent on the NSE on Friday.
Prithvi Haldea, CMD, Prime Database is skeptical of a real recovery though. He said, "The problem is that despite the bull run for the last five-six months the filings with Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) have hardly improved. There has been no filing for the last one and half months. It is expected that during September end there would be some filings which would take place to take care of the six month old accounts as of March. But there is no rush so the market is there but I don’t see a rush right now. There are two reasons for this, one is that the eligibility norms of Sebi which were revised a couple of years back have made it difficult for new companies, new projects, untested waters to enter the market."
What's Next
Investors will eye advance tax numbers slated to be released on Monday to get a deeper insight into the performance of corporate India in second quarter of the current financial. WPI based inflation numbers for the month of August will also be eyed.
US Federal Reserve's meet on September 16-17 will be watched by global investors, who will overanalyse it to get cues on the timing of interest rate hike in the US. The event can cause a minor speedbreaker in FII flows to Indian shores, say experts.  
Crude oil prices continue to languish below the $100/bbl mark. Depressed crude oil prices will somewhat take the pressure off the rupee which reels under dollar strength. Crude oil prices will remain in focus next week.  
Vandana Hari of Platts says the fundamental demand-supply story – supply glut and low demand – points to downward pressure on prices. She does not see oil prices racing back to USD 100 anytime soon.
16:50
Sensex reclaims 27000 amid consolidation; Cipla top gainer
The consolidation may continue in near term but sharp upside won’t be possible at least till the government dilutes stake in big names ONGC and Coal India, say experts, adding the 8150 will act as a resistance and 7800 as a strong support.

Bitcoin gets boost as US watchdog approves first swapTop 3 picks: Mindtree, IFB Industries, Cadila Healthcare
Mindtree: Revenue has grown at an impressive CAGR of 26% during FY11-14, while PAT has grown at a CA...

Top 5 Sensex companies lose around Rs 37 cr from market capTop 3 picks: Mindtree, IFB Industries, Cadila Healthcare
Mindtree: Revenue has grown at an impressive CAGR of 26% during FY11-14, while PAT has grown at a CA...

J&K Floods: Several parts still under water; rescue operations continue on war footingpicture  others
J&K Floods: Several parts still under water; rescue operations continue on war footing
Seven days after Jammu and Kashmir was hit by the worst floods in 60 years, several areas continued to remain submerged on Saturday, including large parts of Srinagar. The situation is expected to get worse as there are reports of cholera and other communicable diseases from the submerged areas.
Flood waters are stagnant and the shades on the trees show the rise of water levels on the outskirts of Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Residents queue up for water supplies from a government tanker a week after the floods. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Villagers look out for aid in a village on the outskirts of Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
A woman dries her supply of wheat on an elevated portion of a graveyard in a village on the outskirts of Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
A woman stands in front of her destroyed home in Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Destroyed homes of a village in the adjoining Badgam district on Saturday. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
A girl looks out into an inundated street from her house. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Residents at a rescue centre in Hyderpora in Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
A rescue aid team in the outskirts of Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
An army aid team doing the rounds in Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
The army aid team helping people in Srinagar. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
The rescue aid team steering the people out of the flood waters. (Source: Express Photo by Tashi Tobgyal)

Alibaba IPO gives fresh life to YahooThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Investor wealth of BSE stocks nears Rs 100 lakh cr markInvestor wealth of BSE listed stocks nears Rs 100 lakh crore mark
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 02.24PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(With the benchmark Sensex…)
NEW DELHI: With the benchmark Sensex witnessing a dream-run, total market valuation of BSE listed companies has inched closer to Rs 100 lakh crore milestone.
At present, the total market capitalisation (m-cap) of BSE listed companies stands at Rs 96,25,517 crore which is Rs 3.74 lakh short of Rs 100 lakh crore mark.
In terms of US dollar, the total market value of BSE listed companies has surged to USD 1.58 trillion at the current rupee rate of 60.65 against the Greenback.
Earlier, the total m-cap of domestic listed companies had reached a record USD 1.5 trillion in June this year.
India had first entered the trillion-dollar club in June 2007, but moved out in September 2008 after a global meltdown.
It again got back into the elite league in May 2009 and largely remained there except for some brief periods including once in 2012. In August 2013, it had again slipped out of the elite list.
Indian stock market investors are making big gains as the Sensex has gained 5,890.36 points or 27.82 per cent so far this year. The index has hit its all-time high of 27,354.99 on September 8.
"The undercurrent of the stock market is very bullish. Markets are likely to sustain at current levels," an expert said.
Sensex blue-chip companies whose market valuation is more than Rs 1 lakh crore include TCS, ONGC , RIL , ITC , Coal India , Infosys , HDFC Bank , SBI , ICICI Bank , Sun Pharma , Bharti Airtel, HDFC, L&T, Wipro, Tata Motors and NTPC.
Outsourcing giant TCS is the most valued Indian company with a market cap of Rs 5,10,415.13 crore.
Analysts said Indian markets are also making merry helped by robust foreign fund inflows.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs 1.98 lakh crore (USD 33 billion) in the country's equity market.
FEATURED ARTICLES

LIC investment in equity market to cross Rs 55 000 cr in FY 15LIC investment in equity market to cross Rs 55,000 crore in FY'15
PTI Sep 14, 2014, 11.46AM IST
Tags:
CIL
(In the current fiscal, LIC has…)
NEW DELHI: Country's largest insurer LIC has lined up over Rs 55,000 crore for investment in the equity market in the current fiscal, a part of which will be used for picking up stakes in PSUs during the disinvestment process.
"We will invest a total of Rs 55,000 crore or even more in the equity market in the current fiscal," LIC Chairman SK Roy told PTI.
Asked how much LIC has been earmarked for the upcoming disinvestment, Roy said that Rs 55,000 crore "covers all" type of investments.
LIC had picked up stocks worth Rs 51,000 crore last fiscal and investments were made across sectors.
The public sector insurer has been a key investor in the disinvestment programme of the government.
The government recently gave go ahead to disinvestment of its part stakes in ONGC , CIL and NHPC , which together may earn Rs 43,000 crore to the exchequer. It is also planning to sell 5 per cent stake in SAIL and 10 per cent each in RINL and HAL in the current fiscal.
Roy also informed LIC investment in the bond market may touch Rs 2.5 lakh crore in the fiscal ending March 2015.
In the current fiscal, the life insurer has raised its stakes in many public sector banks including United Bank of India, Central Bank of India and Bank of Maharashtra by picking up preferential shares.
Some more banks would make preferential allotment to LIC during course of the year.
During the first quarter ended June, 2014-15 fiscal, LIC earned a total premium of Rs 14,016 crore, lower than Rs 14,295 crore in the year-ago period.
LIC with 75 per cent market share collected Rs 41,441 crore from individual premiums and Rs 48,682 crore in group premiums, aggregating to a total of Rs 90,124 crore.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Net FDI inflows on track to top $30 billion this fiscal: NomuraET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Foreign direct investment inflows to India are expected to gain further momentum and net FDI inflows to the country could cross USD 30 billion mark this fiscal year driven by improved investor sentiment, a Nomura report says.
According to the Japanese brokerage firm, net FDI inflows is on track to top USD 30 billion and this would reduce India's external sector vulnerability.
Net FDI into India rose sharply to USD 11.5 billion in the first four months of FY15 (April-July) from USD 8.4 billion over the same period in FY14, the report said.
"Based on the current run rate, we estimate that net FDI inflows could rise above USD 30 billion in FY15 (amounting to 1.4 per cent of GDP)," Nomura said in a research note.
Citing the various factors that are likely to boost FDI inflows, Nomura said: "investor sentiment has improved, domestic confidence has revived, growth is on a recovery path and the government is focused on improving the ease of doing business."
Sectorwise, telecom , pharma and financial and business services were the largest recipients over the first three months of this fiscal year.
"In our view, the large inflow in July could be partly due to fund-raising in the e-commerce sector," it added.
According to official data, FDI flows to India surged by about 34 per cent to USD 1.92 billion in June.
During April-June in this fiscal, the foreign inflows recorded a growth of 34 per cent. FDI was at USD 7.23 billion in April-June, 2014-15 compared to USD 5.39 billion in April- June 2013-14, as per the data by Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion.
In 2013-14, FDI inflows in India were USD 24.29 billion against USD 22.42 billion in 2012-13.
The government is taking more steps to boost FDI in the country. It has raised the foreign investment limit to 49 per cent in defence manufacturing and relaxed the policy in construction sector. The government has also proposed to increase the FDI cap in insurance to 49 per cent.

Kerala s all-women Rs 2 262 crore group savings initiative(How did she do it? Bindu became…)
In 2007, Bindu Pallichal, a homemaker from the Pravachambalam village near Thiruvananthapuram, decided to turn entrepreneur.
She began to experiment with ayurvedic oils and cosmetics because she knew Sanskrit (the oldest known ayurvedic texts were written in the ancient language). Problem was Sanskrit was her only capital or asset to speak of. There was no money to invest or land to build a manufacturing unit.
Today, Bindu's unit makes 21 ayurvedic food and cosmetic products, its mainstay an ingredient that claims to enhance memory. Her turnover stands at Rs 7 lakh, no mean achievement in a state where an entrepreneur is as rare as a teetotaller. Bindu has also bagged several awards at the state and national levels as a woman entrepreneur.
How did she do it? Bindu became a member of Kudumbashree, an all-women collective of members selected from poor households. The microenterprises of members like Bindu, who have been streamlined into neighbourhood groups (NHGs), are sustained by microfinance. The 2.59 lakh NHGs facilitate thrift mobilization — also known as small savings — and provide customized credit to its members, according to Manjula Bharathy, CEO, Organisation and Social Development of Kudumbashree.
Small savings of a few individuals may not amount to much. But what about 41 lakh women? That's the number of Kudumbashree members in Kerala. Taken together, their savings add up to Rs 2,262 crore. No company with operations based in Kerala has a turnover to match this money. Their sheer number allows Kudumbashree members to access linkage banking — loans extended to self-help groups (SHGs), or 'ayalkoottams', by cooperative and nationalized banks under the aegis of government-run Nabard — insurance schemes, grants, interest subsidies and the like.
In many ways, the success of Kudumbashree should not surprise. In Kerala, politics smothers the lonely pursuits of individuals. A collective effort is a different story. Trade unions are mighty because they have the numbers. Total literacy mission and the widely lauded People's Planning Programme are all people's efforts. The state, put simply, is a shining example of places that tap the vast power of people's collectives to resolve vexing problems in society. The Kudumbashree Mission, at the heart of which is 'group formation and collectivization' of women to fight poverty and achieve economic empowerment, is the latest in a series of such efforts.
To understand the impact of Kudumbashree, one simply has to look at its scope. The 41-lakh members in the movement translate into nearly 50% of the households in the state. In other words, half the state's population makes a living out of this programme. Kudumbashree's success gains even more shine because of one constant problem in Kerala. The men usually spend a big part of their income on vices such as liquor, cigarettes, drugs and gambling.
The family gets little. Ergo, the money earned by a woman becomes critical. Kudumbashree today runs about 35,000 microenterprises in fields as diverse as food processing and handicraft and cosmetics. These units are managed by women from poor families with no formal training, remember.
  Building a Future
Initially, the Kudumbashree movement restricted itself to a few areas in farming and agri-business such as rice and vegetable cultivation and making curry powder, pickles, rice powder and so on. Members have since ventured into fields such as construction, driving, cafes, brand development — long seen as the preserve of men in Kerala. "Thanks to our huge fund, our senior officials can even think of promoting a bank," said Sindhu K, a Kudumbashree member in Alangode, a village in Malappuram district that borders Thrissur.
Alangode, for example, is today a model for community farming and agri-based product development for the rest of the state thanks to the work by Kudumbashree workers like Sindhu. The Alangode Kudumbashree Community Development Society (CDS) — Sindhu is its vice-president — has many members cultivating paddy. Their produce was once sold through the state-owned Kerala Civil Supplies Corporation (Supplyco). But Supplyco withdrew from procurement because of financial problems. The women of Alangode were taken aback only briefly. They began selling their rice directly under the Kudumbashree brand name.
The area under paddy cultivation by Kudumbashree in the state stands at 157,926 acres. The women are raring to increase the area under cultivation. Besides Kudumbashree rice, the group also makes and sells rice flakes and organic vegetables. Success stories like these are legion. Beena Paul, a 40-plus leader of a 38-member team, including engineers and supervisors, has undertaken the construction of 87 singlestorey houses for tribals in Edakkattuvayal panchayat in Ernakulam district, "This is our first project.

From  brick  mobiles to touchscreen smartphonesToday, practically everyone has moved on to precise, beautiful and fast touchscreen phones. Who knows what the next major evolution in cellphones will be.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
It's been a while — but do you remember the time when the cellphone didn't exist? For some, it was a more uncluttered time. It was in the early '80s that the first mobile phone came about. Previous 'wireless communication systems' were too bulky to be called mobile — although many did exist for military and civilian use.
The first generation of cellphones did nothing except calls — and that too for about 30 minutes; it was all that the battery in those days allowed. The next few generations were fondly called 'bricks'— not just for their appearance but also because they could come in handy as a blunt weapon if needed.
Between the '80s and '90s, devices kept evolving and getting more popular. In India, the first commercial cellphone and service launch was in July 1995 — so we were quite a few years behind at the time. It was a partnership between the Modi Group and Australian telecom operator Telstra that brought the first cellular network to India.
The Turning Point
The turning point in India for the cellphone would be some time in 1998. That was around the time when networks really expanded, cellphones became increasingly popular, and the call rates became a little less ludicrous. The time before that could be called BC (Before Cellphones), and the period post-1998 AD (After Dependence).
Because anyone who started using a phone in 1998 or later remains a user to this day. Pre-1998, only the richest people owned one and most of them hardly used it. Some, deterred by local call rates that went as high as Rs 60 per minute, kept them away in drawers. There was no second-hand market for cellphones in those days.
The year 1998 was also when Nokia launched the indestructible and utterly desirable 5110. Almost everyone had one or wanted one. It was also this writer's first phone and the year that marked the beginning of his love affair with cellphones.
The Nokia 5110 was ultra-durable, had user interchangeable covers, a stubby antenna, great battery life, crystal-clear call quality, a clear LCD screen and it popularised the game that we all know as 'Snake'. Importantly, this was the time when local call rates from a mobile phone were in the region of Rs 12 to Rs 18 per minute. Incoming calls were still not free at this point.
The Nokia 5110 was and is one of the most beautiful pieces of handheld technology ever created. It was fairly slim, lightweight, felt good in the hand, had stellar build quality and was a great first step into the world of mobile telephony. It powered on in precisely five seconds (unheard of today, in the age of smartphones) and had a standby time of a few days. The mono LCD was clear and legible under any lighting conditions.
Page 1 of 2

Microsoft  SAP to bring cloud and mobile partnership to IndiaMicrosoft, SAP to bring cloud and mobile partnership to India
By PTI | 11 Sep, 2014, 09.04PM IST
Global tech giants Microsoft and SAP will bring their cloud and mobile partnership to India to help improve cloud and data interoperability and deliver new mobile and productivity to enterprises.
ET SPECIAL:
NEW DELHI: Global tech giants Microsoft and SAP will bring their cloud and mobile partnership to India to help improve cloud and data interoperability and deliver new mobile and productivity to enterprises.
Under the partnership, SAP applications will be available on Microsoft's Azure cloud platform.
The partnership will allow Indian enterprises to leverage the flexibility and scalability of Microsoft Azure for their mission critical SAP deployments, a statement said.
The partnership is expected to deliver 200-300 per cent efficiency increase in IT infrastructure deployment and savings of 40-75 per cent on total ownership costs with Azure's 'pay per use' model.
The partnership supports SAP Business Suite software, SAP Mobile Platform , SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (SAP ASE) and the developer edition of the SAP HANA platform on Azure.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on Twitter Follow

Mobile apps popular among tourists for booking ticketsMobile apps popular among tourists for booking tickets
Varuni Khosla, ET Bureau Sep 11, 2014, 11.47AM IST
Tags:
BlackBerry
(It's convenient for clients…)
NEW DELHI: Close to 50% of business for online tour operators is moving to mobiles. It's convenient for clients to book tickets on mobile phones when they either arrive in a city or don't want to log onto websites. Trip planning site ixigo is spending more time developing multiple apps for its customers to log on to, while Yatra is offering discounts to those who download their app.
For Expedia India , close to 45% of its business comes through the mobile app and it is offering discounts of up to 40% when customers book hotels on the go and a first-time discount of 10% for customers who download the app.
Falling handset prices and rise in smartphone penetration and data subscribers in India are likely to grow an average 25% every year to reach 519 million by 2018 fiscal, a report by Morgan Stanley said.
Cleartrip says 5% of overall traffic that comes its site is through tablet users while mobiles account for 30% of the entire booking slot and of this, 31% users are searching for holidays over the weekend.
Last month, even the Indian Railways (IRCTC) app got available for Blackberry users. It has also had 2.5 million downloads on Android.
Yatra.com has had approximately a million download on its app across platforms and is currently offering a discount of Rs 500 on the first domestic flight booking through the app. "We noticed nearly 30% of our traffic happened to be coming through mobiles. And of this, nearly 25% converts into business," says Sharat Dhall, president, Yatra Online .
The company has also noticed that during airline flash sales, there tends to be additional time being spent on the app. "Customers want to be abreast with sales and discounts and through apps, you can immediately see if you can book tickets in a limited inventory," adds Dhall.
For ixigo, which has had over three million downloads across its four mobile applications (ixigo, train, road and bus apps) with nearly one million active users. "We have 3.5 million users and of this nearly 1.1 million users are accessing us through apps," says Aloke Bajpai, the chief executive officer of travel search engine ixigo.com.
The company has introduced an in-trip and post-trip function in its train app where customers can order food within trains.
Some online tour operators say these apps are being used primarily to book train tickets and hotels. Cleartrip.com, for instance, which has had 2.2 million downloads for its app across platforms.
FEATURED ARTICLES

TCS opens first all-women BPO unit in Saudi ArabiaTCS opens first all-women BPO unit in Saudi Arabia
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sep 14:  
TCS today said it has opened Saudi Arabia’s first all—female business process centre, which will provide employment to up to 3,000 women in three years.
Saudi Aramco and GE are the centre’s first customers, TCS said in a statement here.
Both the clients have already surpassed their target of recruiting 100 women each, while the total number of those employed at the centre stands at 300, it said.
The Riyadh—based 3,200—sq mt facility will offer customers specialised finance and accounting, human resources, materials supply and office services to improve their operational efficiency, it said.
The centre was announced in September last year.
Saudi Arabia’s Commerce and Industry Minister Tawfiq bin Fawzan Al Rabiah, Deputy Governor of Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority Prince Saud bin Khalid, Saudi Aramco’s President and Chief Executive Khalid Al Falih and GE’s Vice Chairman John Rice, were present on the occasion, the statement said.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)

Ebola hits not just humans  but also computersTop 3 picks: Mindtree, IFB Industries, Cadila Healthcare
Mindtree: Revenue has grown at an impressive CAGR of 26% during FY11-14, while PAT has grown at a CA...

Bond yields seen fallingBS Reporter |  Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:47 AM IST
Bond yields seen falling
Government bond yields are expected to fall this week on the back of softening inflation. The rupee is seen range-bound. In August, retail inflation fell to 7.8 per cent from 7.96 per cent in July. The softening inflation has given hopes that the Reserve Bank of India might soon resort to cutting rates. Bond market traders see the yield on the 10-year bond falling below the 8.50 per cent mark this week. The yield on the 10-year bond ended at 8.50 per cent on Friday compared with the previous clo
Government bond yields are expected to fall this week on the back of softening inflation. The rupee is seen range-bound. In August, retail inflation fell to 7.8 per cent from 7.96 per cent in July. The softening inflation has given hopes that the Reserve Bank of India might soon resort to cutting rates. Bond market traders see the yield on the 10-year bond falling below the 8.50 per cent mark this week. The yield on the 10-year bond ended at 8.50 per cent on Friday compared with the previous close of 8.51 per cent. The liquidity condition might tighten a bit this week, ahead of the corporate advance tax payment deadline. However, the government plans to repurchase government bonds through reverse auction for Rs 20,000 crore on Tuesday, as a result of which the pressure on liquidity is not seen much. The rupee had ended at 60.66 a dollar on Friday compared with the previous close of 60.93. According to currency dealers, dollar demand from oil marketing companies has picked up due to fall in global crude oil prices.
According to currency dealers, dollar demand from oil marketing companies has picked up due to fall in global crude oil prices.
"The rupee may trade in the range of 61-60.50 a dollar this week. If dollar demand increases from these oil importers then it can even breach the 61 mark," said a currency dealer with a state-run bank.
 Advertisements

Scotland referendum: Top dailies say No  but who will Murdoch supportprint
Leading financial and other newspapers have encouraged their readers to vote against independence in the September 18 referendum, but there is much speculation which way the Rupert Murdoch-owned ‘The Scottish Sun’ will go on the contentious issue.
Observers believe that Murdoch’s influential tabloid may support Scotland’s independence as a way of getting back at the London establishment that had a go at his media business during the phone-hacking row, bruising him and his commercial interests.
Amidst intense campaigning and close opinion polls, Murdoch, who has Scottish ancestry, arrived and travelled across towns and villages to make up his mind, which will be made explicit through his tabloid a day or two before the referendum. He has met leader of the ‘Yes’ camp, Alex Salmond.
‘The Sun’s political views have been influential in successive general elections in the UK. It has alternately supported Labour or Conservative, and is most known for the gloating headline, ‘It’s The Sun Wot Won It’ after the Conservative party won the 1992 election.  
Terming the UK as ‘one of the most successful marriages in history’, the ‘Financial Times’ wrote in an editorial, “It is not too late to remind the Scots and the rest of the UK how much they have benefited from being British. Great Britain stands for an expansive and inclusive view of the world”.
‘The Guardian’ too urged its readers to vote against independence, “In Britain, in Europe and even in the world as a whole, we are indeed better together not better apart. Nationalism is not the answer to social injustice.”

Reality check: NPA lessons send bankers back...BREAKING NEWS
Banks come up with plan as Finance Ministry wants tighter due diligence on loans to check NPAs
By Sangita Mehta , ET Bureau | 15 Sep, 2014, 04.00AM IST
Amid mounting bad loans, bankers are being forced to take a closer look at their basic skill — judging a borrower before signing the cheque.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Amid mounting bad loans, bankers are being forced to take a closer look at their basic skill — judging a borrower before signing the cheque.
In a recent letter to bank chiefs, the finance ministry has questioned the process of due diligence that banks conduct before disbursing a loan. The ministry has reminded them that instead of credit officers evaluating whether a borrower deserves a loan, public sector banks are often outsourcing this crucial job to a 'subsidiary' or intermediaries.
Almost simultaneously, the Indian Banks' Association, a lobby group, has circulated a note among its members suggesting that half a dozen large lenders be identified as designated banks responsible for carrying out loan appraisals.
This calls for at least one designated bank being involved in appraising any proposal for loans beyond Rs 500 crore. The IBA's initiative could well be in response to the issue raised by the ministry. The ministry's concern stems from the sharp rise in bad loans involving public sector banks. According to credit rating agency ICRA, gross non-performing loans rose 38% to Rs 2.27 trillion at the end of March, from Rs 1.65 trillion a year ago.
While it is unclear whether implementation of these proposals will prove a dampener to loan growth, the measures could significantly alter the way banks give credit.
Small to mid-sized banks draw comfort in lending to a company in which large banks have taken sizeable exposure, a senior banker said.
"However, in recent years, several loans appraised and syndicated by a subsidiary of one of the largest public sector banks have turned sour. Subsequently, the same investment banking arm approached us with a restructuring proposal. Clearly, this raises questions on their credibility," said the banker, who did not wish to be named. "Therefore, the ministry has rightly advised banks not to depend solely on a subsidiary of a public sector bank but to do our own credit appraisal," he added.
IBA has identified State Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, IDBI Bank, ICICI Bank, Canara Bank and Bank of Baroda as designated banks that will conduct due diligence on behalf of all lenders in the consortium. Besides, it has proposed that the appraising bank should also have a piece of the loan so that it has skin in the game. It has said that the structure could be reviewed after a period of time and in the meantime, small banks could develop their own credit appraisal skills.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

India gears up to put Mars mission in orbitIndia gears up to put Mars mission in orbit
By Arun Ram, TNN | 15 Sep, 2014, 08.20AM IST
MOM will study its atmosphere, mineralogy and morphology. More than the results of the scientific studies, the mission will serve as a starting point for India's interplanetary exploration.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
CHENNAI: Sleepless Indian space scientists on Sunday began the process of 'waking up' the engine of the Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) spacecraft for a four-second test on September 21.
Three days later, it will be put to its ultimate test — firing for 24 minutes to slow down the MOM and inject it into the Martial orbit. Should they pull it off, India will be the first country to do so on debut.
The US, Russia and the European Space Agency had got it right after repeated attempts.
MOM, hurtling at a speed of 82,000kmph, has been idling for about 300 days since it left the Earth's influence on November 30, 2013.
"We have to see if the engine is in shape, hence the test," said Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan. "It will also serve as a trajectory correction which will take MOM to a 515km arrival spot from Mars."
On Sunday, scientists at Isro Telemetry Tracking and Command Network in Bangalore sent a bundle of commands to test-fire the liquid apogee motor (LAM) engine for four seconds.
MOM project director S Arunan said the test-firing would take the spacecraft, moving at a speed of about 22km per second, away from the trajectory by more than 100km, but this would be factored in to the final Martian orbital injection on September 24.
MOM would be reaching the Martian orbit two days after the US orbiter MAVEN. With the ingenuous sling-shot approach, India has been able to send the orbiter to Mars at Rs450 crore, which is 10 times less than the cost of the Nasa mission. Prime Minister Narendra Modi had said India could launch this mission at the cost of the Hollywood film 'Gravity'.
Once in orbit around the red planet, MOM will study its atmosphere, mineralogy and morphology. More than the results of the scientific studies, the mission will serve as a starting point for India's interplanetary exploration.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on Twitter Follow

India has learned to flirt with the worldand suitors everywhere are dazzledT.P. Sreenivasan Former ambassador, India
Obsession
Modinomics
September 15, 2014
India never had it so good. Even in the old days of the cold war, nonalignment did not give India the kind of space that it has in the world today. The mightiest nations of the world are lined up to seek strategic partnership with India. Offers range from hard cash to technology, from trade in consumer goods to supply and co-production of sophisticated weapons. Old and seemingly intractable problems have given way to identification of mutuality, political, economic and cultural. Tantalizing offers are being made of membership of groupings, which appeared out of bounds for India till very recently.
The United States, China, Japan and Australia have unveiled offers, considered unthinkable even a year ago. Pentagon has overtaken Foggy Bottom with offers of co-production and co-development of weapons. China, which had so far built roads only on its side of the border with India to reassert its claims on Arunachal Pradesh and Aksai Chin, is ready to make massive investments in Indian infrastructure. Japan’s constitutional bar on arms exports and its acute allergy for everything nuclear are receding to the background and specific agreements in these areas are on the anvil. Australia, which had confronted India on nuclear matters and the Indian Ocean, has unabashedly come calling with a nuclear deal to open uranium trade with India, acknowledging India’s impeccable record in non-proliferation.
The reasons for the change of heart towards India across the board are diverse and even contradictory. The emergence of a single party government with a decisive leader is one reason attributed to the change. But most countries had seen the same leader as a Hindu nationalist with a dark past. Everyone knows that his party won only less than 40% of the votes. In these circumstances, it is difficult to imagine that the advent of Narendra Modi has caused the change. His lack of experience in foreign policy could even have been a disincentive.
Friendship premium
Another reason being cited is the growing strength of India. The stabilization of the rupee and the faster pace of liberalization may have attracted attention, but even when India was registering a two-digit growth, it did not enjoy the kind of confidence and concessions it now gets. The promise of growth, further liberalization, an investment friendly environment, (“red carpet, not red tape”) less government and more governance and reduction of corruption may well be the factors that have attracted the world towards India. The sustainability of the change will depend on whether the promises can be kept.
More than anything else, it is the evolving international situation and India’s unique geography and history, which have led to the new dazzle of India. With the US, the nuclear deal was transactional with clear expectations on both sides. President Barack Obama came to India in 2010 to reap the harvest of the deal in terms of nuclear and arms contracts at a time when creation of jobs was a life and death issue for his second term. His disillusionment caused by the nuclear liability law and the Indian rejection of F-18 fighter aircraft soured ties. The arrest of an Indian diplomat and retaliation by India marked a new low. None of these is a hindrance today and the US is gearing up for a visit by Narendra Modi, the success of which is a foregone conclusion. The geopolitics of the Indo-Pacific have expanded India’s magnetic field. Even if nuclear trade does not take place, the US will find compensation in arms trade with India. India’s friendliness itself is at a premium in the US today.
In 2005, faced by the new warmth in India-US relations, China was ready to move ever so slowly to befriend India, but its momentum was lost as India plunged into major scams and withdrew into its own shell. Today, China is signaling readiness to make significant investment and to forge a partnership, regardless of the complex border issue and other irritants. India is equally anxious to enhance Chinese investment and trade, as long as the border remains tranquil and China scales down its encirclement of India. The visit of President Xi Jinping is expected to be a game changer. As a gesture to India, he has postponed a visit to Pakistan, which was planned to take place before his arrival in India.
Asian darling
Tap image to zoom
Modi and Abe share great personal rapport.Reuters/Kyodo
Unprecedented bonhomie marked the Modi-Abe summit in Japan. India will receive public and private funding to the tune of $35 billion in 5 years, a special strategic partnership was forged, which includes defense exchanges, clean energy, cultural linkages and bullet trains. The crucial nuclear agreement could not be signed and transfer of aircraft did not materialize, but the will was there to accomplish these in a short span of time. Modi’s critical reference to expansionist tendencies in the region gladdened the Japanese, though it was clarified later that he did not mean China. China, which had severely criticized India-Japan links on the occasion of another Indian visit, merely hinted at Japanese perfidy. Moreover, China has already indicated that the Chinese development package to India would be bigger than that of Japan.
In ancient times, eligible young women in India could publicly choose a husband from many suitors, who lined up with their wealth on display. India appears to be in the same happy situation, except that choosing just one among the contenders could be catastrophic. The challenge before India is to keep everyone hopeful and to derive benefits from each.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, though a novice in international diplomacy, has proved his ability to juggle around with several options with the agility of an Indian magician. His style is not to postpone decisions, but to take them at the right time and correct mistakes equally decisively. He postponed talks with Pakistan the moment the latter appeared to take liberties, he voted with Palestine when he realized that his bid to balance Israel and Palestine did not play well in India and he responded positively to the US overtures even after refusing to join the global agreement on WTO. He has proved his mettle in diplomacy in his first hundred days in office. His stress on continuity with innovation, decisiveness and sensitivity keeps India dazzling in the eyes of the world, at least for the present.
Follow T.P. on Twitter @sreeniv . We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:
Top News

Google s global Android One launch in India todaySurabhi Agarwal |  New Delhi Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:57 AM IST
Google's global Android One launch in India today
Country hosts firm's first global launch today
"What is Android One," asks a store manager at AndroidLand, one of the only four exclusive stores in the world for all things Android. Little does he know that, even as he speaks, Google Inc is giving finishing touches to one of its biggest projects around the mobile device - Android One. And, for the first time, a global launch by the company is being flagged from India - Android chief Sundar Pichai will on Monday unveil these smartphones. The low cost smartphones have been priced at around Rs 6399.
These devices are meant to give Google a tighter control over the system, so that users get a better Android experience. Google gives its mobile operating system, Android, for free to manufacturers, which can customise it for the sake of differentiation. But, this has made the Android ecosystem highly fragmented. Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook recently called it a toxic hellstew of vulnerabilities.
Pichai, an India-born senior vice-president of Google, first unveiled Android One during his keynote address at Google's annual event in San Francisco in June. The project, he said, would cement Google's position in the low-cost smartphone segment for the "next billion" users, especially in developing countries like India.
WHO IS PICHAI?
The 42-year old India-born is the head of Android, Chrome and Apps for Google globally
Took over Android division last year, is credited with making it collaborative with Google's other businesses
Is said to have bettered Google's ties with key partners like Samsung
Was rumoured to be a candidate for the top job at Microsoft, which went to Satya Nadella
Went to IIT Kharagpur before doing an MS from Stanford University and an MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania
Worked at Applied Materials and McKinsey before joining Google in 2004
However, awareness at the ground retail level currently appears zero. Outlets of mobile makers Spice, Micromax and Karbonn - hardware partners of Google for this venture - have little information. Perhaps to stop persistent questions, the store manager says the devices with Android One might be sold "only through the internet". He might only be guessing but he is bang-on.
ALSO READ:  Android One could shake up low-cost handset market in India
Google is likely to ditch the traditional retail channel, in line with the latest trend. Its hardware partners will initially push the products through e-commerce portals. Spice has already announced a partnership with Flipkart last week. Micromax and Karbonn are expected to tie up with Snapdeal and Amazon.
The devices are likely to be dual-SIM, with 4.5-inch screens and FM radios, and will run on a MediaTek processor.
Invitations for the big-bang launch have been sent not only to journalists but to Google's umpteen partners, including the likes of Hindustan Unilever, besides government officials, executives of not-for-profit organisations and others.
These invitations for the high-security event contain QR codes, which have to be matched at the time of registration to attend the launch.
Pichai will be accompanied by his second in command, Vice-President (product management) Caesar Sen Gupta, who oversees product strategy for Android One and Google Chromebooks.
NOTE: The earlier version of the story that appeared in print had said that the device will be priced at around Rs 5000. The official price of the Android One has been announced at Rs 6399
 Advertisements

Small towns now fuel e-tailers Flipkart  Myntra  JabongTop 3 picks: Mindtree, IFB Industries, Cadila Healthcare
Mindtree: Revenue has grown at an impressive CAGR of 26% during FY11-14, while PAT has grown at a CA...

Commands required by Mars Mission to enter planet s orbit uploaded: ISRO#mars orbiter mission #mars #mars orbit #isro #sriharikota
Bangalore: Indian Space Research Organisation on Sunday said that commands required by the Mars Orbiter Mission to enter the planet's orbit have been uploaded. It said that the process will take almost 13 hours to complete and the orbiter is expected to enter the Mars orbit on September 24.
Scientists will undertake a "challenging task" on September 24 when they would restart the onboard liquid engine, which has been in sleep mode for nearly ten months, for a critical manoeuvre of the spacecraft.
ISRO will hold a press conference on Monday in Bangalore to give details about the Mars mission.
The Rs 450-crore project was launched from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh on board the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle on November 5 last year.
On Saturday, ISRO had said that the Mars mission was in the "pink of health" and was sending vital information from a distance of 211 million km after covering 95 per cent of its journey.
"MOM keeps sending us vital information about the health of its various modules and measurements from sensors. This is called Telemetry signal. Today's telemetry confirms that MOM is in the pink of health," ISRO had said.
"MOM uses 2.2 m High Gain Antenna to send us signals from the present distance of 211 million kilometre", it said.
ISRO has said that the spacecraft has completed 95 per cent of its heliocentric journey towards Mars and was less than "four million kilometres" away from it.
The Rs 450-crore project, named Mangalyaan, was launched from Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh on board the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle on November 5, 2013 with an aim to reach the red planet's atmosphere by September 24.
The project is expected to provide the scientific community better opportunities in planetary research.
Uploading of commands, required for Mars Orbit Insertion, has just begun. Will take almost 13hrs. #MarsOrbiterMission pic.twitter.com/Hj1RwGHPow

Quartz Daily BriefEurope editionHeineken takeover brews  Chinas GDP downgrade  Germanys NSA anger  killer fish iSeptember 15, 2014
What to watch for today
John Kerry meets Russia’s foreign minister. The US secretary of state will discuss the shaky ceasefire in Ukraine with Sergei Lavrov after fighting between pro-Russia rebels and Ukrainian forces broke out at Donetsk airport. Russia also sent  more than 200 trucks  into the area; it says they are carrying aid, but Ukraine and western governments are skeptical.
France hosts a conference on jihadists. The summit, jointly hosted by French president Francois Hollande and Iraqi president Fuad Masum, gathers 25 countries to discuss how to tackle the Islamic State (Iran is not invited). Several Arab countries have offered to carry out airstrikes against IS in Syria and Iraq.
Germany responds to reports of an NSA internet “treasure map.” The US spy agency and its UK counterpart reportedly  infiltrated German network operators , prompting a  parliamentary investigation .
Good economic news for the US. The Federal Reserve is expected to report an increase in industrial production and manufacturing output in August, while the New York Fed is likely to announce business conditions in September improved for manufacturers in the state.
Over the weekend
A takeover battle is brewing for Heineken. The Dutch brewer has  dismissed a buyout offer from SAB Miller , amid speculation that Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world’s biggest brewer, is also preparing a bid . Heineken said its controlling family intends to keep the company independent.
Weak China data led to GDP growth revisions.  Factory output in August rose by a lower-than-expected 6.9% from a year ago, spurring Barclays to  cut its 2014 GDP growth forecast to 7.2%, from 7.4%. Premier Li Keqiang now has two choices : ramp up the stimulus or miss the government’s GDP target of 7.5%.
A third beheading rallied support for attacks on the Islamic State. British prime minister David Cameron vowed confront the Islamist extremist group with “iron determination ” after it murdered British aid worker David Haines. However, it is unlikely the UK will officially join any fighting  until after this week’s Scottish independence vote  .
Sweden elected a center-left government. The Nordic region’s largest economy backed a Social Democrat-led coalition that won 43.7% of the votes, compared to 39.9% for the outgoing right-wing coalition. A far-right anti-immigrant party won a 12.9% of votes.
Liberia asked for US help with its Ebola outbreak. President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf made an urgent plea for new hospital beds and help setting up a military hospital, as the viral outbreak threatens to overwhelm the country’s healthcare system.
The pope married couples who were already living together.  The marriage of 20 couples at the Vatican also included a single mother with a daughter from a previous relationship, in a sign of expanded inclusiveness from the Roman Catholic leader.
Quartz obsession interlude
Gwynn Guilford on how a killing-machine fish has colonized reefs from Venezuela to Rhode Island. “In 1985, someone released 10 or so female lionfish in south Florida waters. DNA analysis traces the entire Atlantic population back to those females. And it’s an extensive lineage. In less than three decades, lionfish have colonized a swath of the Atlantic Ocean that’s roughly the size of the US.” Read more here .
Matters of debate
You should be concerned when computers can lipread. Closed-circuit cameras might soon  understand what you’re saying — just like HAL .
The economic gender gap will eventually close. Work environments are changing to equalize behavior as more women join the workforce.
Formula E is already more of a sport than Formula One. It has a level playing field for drivers .
We should all take a bit of lithium. It could lead to fewer suicides and less dementia—plus it’s already in the water supply.
Surprising discoveries
Google’s self-driving car barely passed its driving test. Engineers had to take control of the vehicle twice.
A hole-in-one earned a trip to space. A company called XCOR will send pro golfer Andy Sullivan on a 30-minute journey to 300,000 feet (91 km).
The US postal service is subsidizing Chinese e-commerce. An international treaty means incredibly low US shipping rates for foreign merchants .
It costs 1.6 cents to make one US penny. Blame the rising price of zinc .
Switzerland doesn’t mind non-Swiss corruption. Perhaps that’s why 30 international sports bodies  like FIFA are based there.
Our best wishes for a productive day. Please send any news, comments, pet lionfish, and bags of pennies to hi@qz.com . You can follow us on Twitter here for updates throughout the day.
Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief  here , tailored for morning delivery in Asia, Europe & Africa, and the Americas.
Share this:
Top News

Five part-time MRPL directors resignFive part-time MRPL directors resign
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals has informed the BSE that five non-official part-time directors — C L Shah, Neela Gangadharan, Usha Kiran Rai, Jayant M. Modak and John Prasad Menezes — have ceased to be on the board of the company.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Today's Poll
Gold prices are falling. Will you invest now?
Yes

Autoline to sell US arm for $8.5 mnAutoline to sell US arm for $8.5 mn
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
Autoline Industries said that its board appointed executive committee had on Saturday accepted the ‘letter of intent’ from a prospective buyer to purchase 100 per cent stake in Autoline Industries USA for $8.5 million.
The deal is subject to due diligence and other conditions precedent to the transaction, the company said in a filing to the stock exchange.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.
Today's Poll
Gold prices are falling. Will you invest now?
Yes

Fortis hits 10% upper circuit; RadLink sale to ease debtSep 15, 2014, 05.49 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Fortis hits 10% upper circuit; RadLink sale to ease debt
Brokerages are bullish on it post the divestment. Macquarie maintains an outperform rating on the stock with target of Rs 140, stating that divestment in remaining international business would make it almost debt-free.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fortis hits 10% upper circuit; RadLink sale to ease debt
Brokerages are bullish on it post the divestment. Macquarie maintains an outperform rating on the stock with target of Rs 140, stating that divestment in remaining international business would make it almost debt-free.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Fortis Healthcare are locked at 10 percent upper circuit, hitting Rs 134 per share intraday (three-year high) on Monday. Investors are euphoric as its Singapore subsidiary sold its entire stake in RadLink-Asia for SGD 137 million to Medi-Rad Associates (Medi-Rad).
The deal will be successfully closed following necessary statutory and regulatory approvals as per local requirements, the company said in statement.
Brokerages are bullish on it post the divestment. Macquarie maintains an outperform rating on the stock with target of Rs 140, stating that divestment in remaining international business would make it almost debt-free. After exiting from RadLink, net debt of Fortis is likely to fall to Rs 400 crore, significantly down from a peak of Rs 7000 crore at the start of FY13.
Macquarie believes Fortis may generate an additional USD 40- 50 million of cash, if it divests in its remaining international business. Colorectal Hospital in Singapore will be Fortis’ only hospital outside India.
"Fortis is in its early growth phase and its premium valuations can be sustained given the growth opportunity and high barriers to entry in the healthcare space. Fortis, with its size and brand equity, looks well positioned to capitalise on the significant opportunity in India’s fast-growing healthcare industry," it says in a report.
With a buy rating and a target of Rs 170 per share, Citi says that the move reiterates Fortis' focus on its Indian operations as International assets now contribute less than 2 percent to revenues and all its profits come from the Indian business.
"Its balance sheet is in good shape, execution in India is improving and valuations are reasonable. We remain positive on the Indian hospitals opportunity with its renewed focus on India, Fortis should be a key beneficiary," it says in a report.
It also adds that estimates on the stock will be revisted once the deal closes as Radlink was a profitable business but the loss on EBIDTA would be offset by the fact that the sale happened at healthy valuations.
At 09:27 hrs, the stock was quoting at Rs 133.60, up Rs 11.80, or 9.69 percent on the BSE.
(Posted by Nasrin Sultana)

YES Bank falls 3%  FII investments reach trigger limitSep 15, 2014, 10.05 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
YES Bank falls 3%, FII investments reach trigger limit
Further purchases of equity shares of YES Bank would be allowed only after obtaining prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India, the RBI said.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
YES Bank falls 3%, FII investments reach trigger limit
Further purchases of equity shares of YES Bank would be allowed only after obtaining prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India, the RBI said.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  YES Bank fell as much as 2.9 percent in early trade Monday after FII investments reached trigger limit in the bank.
"The Reserve Bank of India on Friday notified that the foreign shareholding through foreign institutional investors (FIIs)/registered foreign portfolios investors (RFPIs)/non resident Indian (NRI)/persons of Indian origin (PIO)/foreign direct investment (FDI)/American Depository Receipt (ADR)/Global Depository Receipts (GDRs) in YES Bank has reached the trigger limit," the RBI said.
Therefore, further purchases of equity shares of this bank would be allowed only after obtaining prior approval of the Reserve Bank of India, it added.
The current foreign institutional investors’ investment limit is 49 percent in the bank.
At 09:52 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 616, down Rs 16.85, or 2.66 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Bajaj Electricals surges 7% on 8 orders in Madhya PradeshSep 15, 2014, 09.48 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Bajaj Electricals surges 7% on 8 orders in Madhya Pradesh
The engineering & project business unit of the company has bagged eight new orders for rural electrification work in Jabalpur District from Madhya Pradesh Purva Kshetra Vidyut Vitaran Company and in Bhopal District from Madhya Pradesh Madhya Kshetra Vidyut Company, under Rajiv Gandhi Gram Vikas Yojana, aggregating to Rs 518.46 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Bajaj Electricals surges 7% on 8 orders in Madhya Pradesh
The engineering & project business unit of the company has bagged eight new orders for rural electrification work in Jabalpur District from Madhya Pradesh Purva Kshetra Vidyut Vitaran Company and in Bhopal District from Madhya Pradesh Madhya Kshetra Vidyut Company, under Rajiv Gandhi Gram Vikas Yojana, aggregating to Rs 518.46 crore.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors lapped up shares of  Bajaj Electricals on winning eight orders in Madhya Pradesh under Rajiv Gandhi Gram Vikas Yojana. The stock gained as much as 6.77 percent in early trade on Monday.
"The engineering & project business unit of the company has bagged eight new orders for rural electrification work in Jabalpur District from Madhya Pradesh Purva Kshetra Vidyut Vitaran Company and in Bhopal District from Madhya Pradesh Madhya Kshetra Vidyut Company, under Rajiv Gandhi Gram Vikas Yojana, aggregating to Rs 518.46 crore," said the company in its filing.
One order worth Rs 412.37 crore received from Madhya Pradesh Purva Kshetra Vidyut Vitaran Company and the second order worth Rs 106.06 crore from Madhya Pradesh Madhya Kshetra Vidyut Company. The completion period for both orders is 24 months.
With this order, the company’s order book stands at Rs 3,178 crore as on September 13, which is at the highest-ever level, said Shekhar Bajaj, CMD.
He added that orders have been coming too fast for the company, hence the management has consciously decided on slowing down on the order intake as it wants to focus more on the execution aspect.
Bajaj Electricals is targetting Rs 1,500 crore of revenues in FY15 and may earn Rs 500 crore (revenue) from the E&P project in H1FY15. Bajaj said the company is not participating in any low-margin orders currently.
Meanwhile, this was the second order for the company in a month. On August 28, its engineering and project business unit had bagged four new orders worth Rs 602.12 crore. Two orders were for transmission lines in Tamil Nadu and West Bengal from Power Grid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL) and West Bengal State Electricity Transmission Company, respectively while other two orders were for rural electrification work at Bihar from North Bihar Power Distribution Company and South Bihar Power Distribution Company, respectively.
At 09:37 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 289.50, up Rs 12.20, or 4.40 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Shiv Sena questions Prithviraj Chavan s experience  calls Rahul a  loser#prithviraj chavan #uddhav thackeray #congress #shiv sena #bjp #rahul gandhi #maharashtra
Mumbai: Maharashtra Chief Minister Prithviraj Chavan's criticism of Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray has not gone down well with the saffron party which on Monday blasted the Congress leader.
After the two leaders participated in an event organised by a TV channel on Saturday, Chavan had said that Uddhav lacked the experience to run government as he wasn't part of the Sena-BJP government which came to power in 1995.
"Chavan says Uddhav didn't have any experience. What experience did he have when he became chief minister? Because he is finding it tough to get a safe constituency to contest the poll, his mental condition has become unstable like that of a patient in ICU," an editorial in Sena mouthpiece Saamana said here.
Chavan had said that Uddhav lacked the experience to run government as he wasn't part of the Sena-BJP government which came to power in 1995.
Also, did Chavan have the guts to ask a 'loser' like Rahul Gandhi what experience did he have to aspire for the Prime Minister's post, the edit said.
What experience certificate did Rajiv Gandhi have when he landed from the plane cockpit onto the prime ministerial chair, it said.
"Chavan warmed the chief ministerial chair and it did not benefit Maharashtra," it added.

J&K floods: BSNL employees who were trapped for 9 days recount ordealWatch: Actresses back Deepika Padukone after row over objectionable caption by a national daily on her picture
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Google all set to launch first set of affordable Android One smartphones from IndiaGoogle all set to launch first set of affordable Android One smartphones from India
Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Published:  Sep 15 2014, 10:21  IST
Sep 15 2014, 10:21  IST
 

UNSC condemns heinous murder of David HainesUnited Nations, September 15, 2014
Updated: September 15, 2014 10:59 IST
UNSC condemns ‘heinous’ murder of David Haines
PTI
AP British Prime Minister David Cameron condemned the slaying as “an act of pure evil".
TOPICS
armed conflict
The council also demanded the immediate, safe and unconditional release of all those who are kept hostage by the group
The U.N. Security Council has strongly condemned the “heinous and cowardly” murder of British humanitarian aid worker David Haines by Islamic State (IS), saying the outfit must be defeated and violence it adopts “stamped out”.
“This crime is a tragic reminder of the increasing dangers humanitarian personnel face every day in Syria. It also once again demonstrates the brutality of IS, which is responsible for thousands of abuses against the Syrian and Iraqi people,” the 15-member body said in a statement.
Council members expressed their deep sympathy and condolences to the family of the victim, to the Government of the U.K. as well as to the families of all victims of IS.
“The members of the Security Council stressed again that IS must be defeated and that the intolerance, violence and hatred it espouses must be stamped out,” the statement said.
The body said such “continued acts of barbarism” perpetrated by IS do not intimidate them but rather stiffen their resolve that there has to be a common effort amongst governments and institutions, including those in the region most affected, to counter the threats.
The Council demanded the immediate, safe and unconditional release of all those who are kept hostage by these groups. It also demanded that all parties involved in the armed conflict comply fully with their obligations to ensure the respect and protection of all humanitarian personnel.
Further, Council members stressed that those responsible for the killing of Haines should be held accountable, and urged all States to cooperate actively with the U.K. and all other relevant authorities in this regard.
IS actions trigger international fury
A video showing American journalist James Foley being beheaded was released on August 19, as a five-minute clip titled “A Message to America”. The group threatened to kill another U.S. journalist, Steven Sotloff, if President Obama did not halt his air strikes in Iraq. Read here
Senior While House Counterterrorism official Lisa Monaco said the rescue attempt undertaken by the Obama government “earlier this summer” ultimately failed because the hostages were not present at the location. Read here
A video showing IS beheading U.S. reporter Steven Sotloff was released on September 2, exactly two weeks after they disseminated on the Internet a similar gruesome video depicting the killing of another American journalist, James Foley. Read here
Secretary of State John Kerry said the U.S. would hold accountable those who murdered their citizens, “no matter how long it takes.” Read here
The US President emphasised that Washington will take the lead in a "broad coalition to roll back this terrorist threat." Read here
IS extremists on September 14 released a video showing the beheading of British aid worker David Haines, who was abducted in Syria last year. Read here

Heineken rejects takeover bidHeineken rejects takeover in bid to stay independent
By Sophia Yan  @sophia_yan September 15, 2014: 6:00 AM ET
 
Beer CEO: U.S., Europe are tough markets
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Heineken has rejected a takeover bid from beer giant SABMiller, saying it hopes to remain independent despite widespread consolidation in the beer industry.
Heineken ( HEINY ), which also produces Amstel, Tecate and Dos Equis, has been controlled by its founding family since 1864, and is Europe's largest brewer by volume.
The Dutch brewer said in a statement that it hopes to preserve the company's "heritage and identity" by remaining independent.
Heineken is an attractive takeover target in an industry that has seen major consolidation in recent years as Anheuser-Busch InBev ( AHBIF ) and SABMiller ( SBMRF )have used mergers and acquisitions to build beverage empires.
Related: The world's most popular beer is ...
AB InBev is currently the world's largest brewer, a status reinforced by its 2008 purchase of Anheuser-Busch .
The producer of Stella Artois, Corona and Budweiser owns or has a major stake in six of the world's top 10 beers by volume, and has continued to snap up brewers. Last year, regulators signed off on the company buying the rest of Grupo Modelo in a $20 billion deal.
Related: Get ready for craft beer with a Latin twist
In bidding for Heineken, it's likely that SABMiller was attempting to shield itself from a potential AB InBev takeover.
Together, Heineken and SABMiller would rival AB InBev in size and influence, and a merger could help lower distribution and brewing costs.
Heineken is likely to face additional pressure to agree to a sale in the future. Along with Molson Coors, the brewer is one of the few family-controlled firms left in the business.
First Published: September 15, 2014: 1:06 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Sensex below 27 000; Hindalco  GAIL top losersSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 10:25 AM IST
Sensex below 27,000; Hindalco, GAIL top losers
The Sensex is lower by 203 points at 26,858 mark and the Nifty has slipped by 57 points at 8,049 mark.
Markets continue to trade weak in the morning trades weighed down by Index heavy weights HDFC, ITC, RIL and Infosys contributing nearly 100 points to the decline on the 30-share index.
 
By 10.25 AM, the Sensex is lower by 203 points at 26,858 mark and the Nifty has slipped by 57 points at 8,049 mark.
 
Among the broader markets, BSE Mid-cap index is trading lower is down 0.3% while BSE SMallcap index is trading flat with a negative bias.
 
The market breadth in BSE is slightly positive with 1,199 shares declining and 1,159 shares advancing.
 
Rupee:
 
The rupee depreciated by 32 paise to 60.97 against the US dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange due to increased demand for the US currency from importers amid a weak opening in the domestic equity market.
 
Buzzing Stocks:
 
Cipla has rallied 3% to Rs 631, also its record high on National Stock Exchange (NSE) in otherwise weak market aunched an anti-asthma inhaler in Germany and Sweden that is a generic version of GlaxoSmithKline Plc's Advair. Also, Surajit Pal analyst at Prabhudas Lilladher recommended a ‘buy’ rating on the stock with a target price of Rs 643.
 
Shares of Bajaj Electricals were up over 4% at Rs 290 after the company said it has bagged two orders worth Rs 518.46 crore.
 
Fortis Healthcare has surged 10% to Rs 134 after the company said decided to divest entire stake in healthcare service provider RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for SGD 137 million (over Rs 655 crore).
 
Yes Bank has dipped nearly 3% at Rs 616 in early morning deals on NSE after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said the foreign investors will need the central bank's approval to buy additional equity in the private sector lender.
______________________________________________________________
(updated at 9.38 AM)
Markets have opened lower amid weak global cues and weak industrial growth in July. Further, investors have turned cautious ahead of the Inflation data based on wholesale price index (WPI) for August which is expected to be released later during the day.
 
By 9.38 AM, the Sensex is lower by 232 points at 26,829 mark and the Nifty has slipped by 70 points at 8,036 mark.
 
Among the broader markets, BSE Mid-cap index is trading in line with the large counterparts and is down 0.5% BSE SMallcap index is trading flat with a negative bias.
 
The market breadth in BSE is slightly positive with 543 shares declining and 573 shares advancing.
Investors will look to Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting for fresh guidance on US interest rates. A policy meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) will be held on 16 and 17 September 2014.
 
Domestic data showing sharp drop in growth industrial production in July 2014 compared with previous month have weighed on the investor sentiment. However, inflation based on the combined consumer price indices (CPI) for urban and rural India moderated in August 2014.
 
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours on Friday, 12 September 2014, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 182.80 crore on that day.
 
Global Market:
 
US markets ended lower on Friday weighed down by profit taking in shares of energy companies tracking weakness in crude oil prices. Meanwhile, the US Federal Reserve will hold its two-day policy meet starting Tuesday. Further, encouraging US retail sales and consumer sentiment data on Friday raised concerns that the Federal Bank could raise interest rates sooner than expected.
 
The Dow Jone ended down 61 points at 16,987.51, the S&P 500 slipped 12 points at 1,985.54 and tech-laden Nasdaq closed 24 points lower at 4,567.60.
 
Asian markets are trading lower because of weak data from China and tracking losses on Wall Street on Friday. China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years. In August Industrial output rose 6.9 per cent as compared to the corresponding period last year, the lowest since 2008. Meanwhile, markets in Japan are closed on Monday on account of public holiday.
 
China's Shanghai Composite is down 0.3%, Singapore's Straits Times is down 0.3% and Hang Seng is sharply lower by 0.8%.
Sectors & Stocks:
 
On the sectoral front, barring Healthcare index, all lother indices are trading in the negative territory. BSE Metal index is the biggest loser down nearly 1% followed by IT, Auto, FMCG, Power, Realty and Oil & Gas indices down between 0.5-1%. Bankex is down 0.7%.
 
Metal stocks are losing sheen in the early trades on the back of weak Chinese economic data.  China is the world's largest consumer of steel, copper and aluminum. Tata Steel, Hindalco, Sesa Sterlite and Coal India have lost between 0.5-2%.
 
Index heavyweights ITC, Infosys and RIL are contributing the most to the decline on the 30-share Index.
 
Engineering Conglomerate L&T and BHEL have slipped by 1% each.
 
In the Oil and Gas space, GAIL is down nearly 2% and is the biggest loser of this hour. ONGC has declined by 1%.
 
In the Auto space, M&M, Bajaj Auto, Maruti Suzuki and Tata Motors have dipped between 0.8-1.5%.
 
SBI, Bharti Airtel and Tata Power are some of the notable names in red among others.
 
On the flip side, fresh buying is evident in the healthcare space. Cipla, DR Reddy’s lab and Sun Pharma have gained between 0.5-2.5%.
 

Govt to develop disputed border region with ChinaGovt to develop disputed border region with China
Tommy Wilkes     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 11:21 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
The government has eased restrictions on building roads and military facilities along its disputed border with China, as it seeks to close the gap on its neighbour's superior transport network and take a stronger stance on Beijing.
Environment minister Prakash Javadekar told Reuters he had relaxed environmental rules within 100 km (62 miles) of the contested border in remote Arunachal Pradesh in order to speed up construction of some 6,000 km of roads.
The move, which also allows for the construction of army stations, arms depots, schools and hospitals in the sparsely populated Himalayan region, was announced days before Chinese President Xi Jinping visits India on September 17-18.
"This is about defence preparedness," said Javadekar. "On the Chinese side of the border, not only have they built good roads, they are building up their railway network. Our army faces problems because of the bad quality of roads," he added.
Work on the roads will start in the coming months.
The country's shift is consistent with expectations that Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who swept to power in elections four months ago, would take a tougher line on territorial disputes with neighbouring countries.
Asian great-power diplomacy stirred to life when the Prime Minister made clear his intention to play an active role on the world stage by inviting regional leaders to his inauguration in May.
His first bilateral visit outside the region was to Japan, and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe made a two-stop tour of South Asia earlier this month, pre-empting Xi's trip to the region this week.
"COMPLETE SHIFT IN THINKING"
After taking office, Modi moved quickly to appoint a former army chief as a minister for the northeast border region to accelerate development.
The road building plan marks a significant expansion of infrastructure in far-flung Arunachal Pradesh, a rugged, mountainous, 84,000 square km (32,400 square mile) region that China calls South Tibet.
China has vastly improved roads and is building or extending airports on its side of the border in Tibet.
According to a 2010 Pentagon report, it had placed nuclear-capable intermediate missiles in the area and deployed around 300,000 troops across the Tibetan plateau.
The government's roads programme could aid plans to establish a mountain strike corps of 80,000 troops who can move easily along its border.
China and India, the world's two most populous nations, fought a brief frontier war in the area in 1962, and Chinese maps still show all of Arunachal Pradesh within China's borders.
Indian efforts at development in the region have been relatively restrained in recent years. In 2013, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced plans for 850 km (530 miles) of new roads in the border region, and proposals to upgrade airfields made little headway.
The previous governments deliberately neglected infrastructure in Arunachal Pradesh, partly to create a natural buffer against any Chinese invasion. That policy was dropped when the extent of development on China's side became clear.
"This is a complete shift in strategic thinking," said Namrata Goswami, a research fellow at the Delhi-based Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses.
DEPENDENCE AND DISTRUST
The neighbours have a complicated relationship marked by growing economic ties but also distrust, particularly over their unresolved territorial disputes.
The two armies were locked in a three-week standoff in May 2013 in the western Himalayas after Chinese troops set up a camp at least 10 km (6 miles) inside territory claimed by India, triggering calls that India should stand up to its neighbour.
Speaking in Beijing recently, Indian National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, a hawkish former spy chief who has in the past expressed doubts about China's motives, said the two nations' disputed border would be discussed during the Chinese President's visit.
"Both sides have agreed to take steps to ensure the peace and tranquility of the border, and seek a fair, reasonable resolution both sides can accept on the basis of peaceful, friendly talks and consultations," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a news briefing on Thursday.
Under the easing of environmental rules, Javadekar said road building within 100 km of the "Line of Actual Control" - the de facto but disputed border between India and China - would be brought under a single general approval scheme, while the amount of reforestation required would be lowered.
The government is also pushing ahead with a proposal for electricity projects in states bordering China, and has said it will continue even if international development agencies which had earmarked cash to support the underdeveloped region do not back schemes in areas claimed by China.
(Reuters)

Venezuelas newest shortage: breastimplantsMannequins stand at a store that sells clothing for over weight people in downtown Caracas, Venezuela, Tuesday, Aug. 26, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Caracas | Posted: September 15, 2014 10:55 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 11:08 am
Venezuela’s chronic shortages have begun to encroach on a cultural cornerstone: the boob job.
Beauty-obsessed Venezuelans face a scarcity of brand-name breast implants, and women are so desperate that they and their doctors are turning to devices that are the wrong size or made in China, with less rigorous quality standards.
Venezuelans once had easy access to implants approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. But doctors say they are now all-but impossible to find because restrictive currency controls have deprived local businesses of the cash to import foreign goods. It may not be the gravest shortfall facing the socialist South American country, but surgeons say the issue cuts to the psyche of the image-conscious Venezuelan woman.
In this Sept, 4, 2014 photo, breast implant patients sit in a waiting room at the metropolitan outpatient surgery center in Caracas, Venezuela. (Source: AP)
“The women are complaining,” said Ramon Zapata, president of the Society of Plastic Surgeons. “Venezuelan women are very concerned with their self-esteem.”
Venezuela is thought to have one of the world’s highest plastic surgery rates, and the breast implant is the seminal procedure. Doctors performed 85,000 implants here last year, according to the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery. Only the U.S., Brazil, Mexico and Germany — all with significantly larger populations — saw more procedures.
There are no official statistics on how many Venezuelans are walking around with enhanced busts. But a stroll down any Caracas street reveals that the augmentations are at least more conspicuous here than in other surgery-loving places. Even the mannequins look they’ve gone under the knife.
Until recently, women could enter raffles for implants held by pharmacies, workplaces and even politicians on the campaign trail. During this spring’s anti-government street demonstrations, the occasional sign protesting the rising price of breast implants mixed in with posters railing against food shortages and currency devaluation.
“It’s a culture of ‘I want to be more beautiful than you.’ That’s why even people who live in the slums get implants,” surgeon Daniel Slobodianik said, fiddling with an FDA-approved pouch of saline solution no longer on sale here.
Slobodianik used to perform several breast implants each week, but now performs closer to two a month. He says women call his office every day asking if he the implant size they’re looking for. When they can’t find it, they choose a second-best option, almost always a size up.
No one is giving the frustrated women much sympathy, especially not the government. The consumerism of plastic surgery has always continued…

Android One Launch: Live | Support for 6 other languages: PichaiIt's a tough battle and Google needs to step up the Android One game. There is nothing that sets these devices apart anymore.
02:26 PM
Canvas A1: The Android One smartphone from Micromax
02:04 PM
The first set of Android one devices are Micromax Canvas A1, Spice Dream Uno and Karbonn Sparkle V - all priced between Rs 6,000 - 7,000.
01:49 PM
Qualcomm is the new hardware partner for the Android One Program
Chipset manufacturer Qualcomm is the new hardware partner for the Android One Program which means that future devices will likely see Qualcomm processors in addition to the current Mediatek.
01:45 PM
Sundar Pichai also announced the next set of partners for Android One handsets. This includes Acer, Alcatel, ASUS, HTC, Intex, Lava, Lenovo, Panasonic and Xolo.
01:44 PM
The smartphones will go on sale starting 3.30pm today and they will also be available across physical stores from October 2014 onwards near Diwali.
01:44 PM
Spice will be available on Flipkart, Karbonn will sell on Amazon India and Micromax’s offering can be purchased from Snapdeal.
01:44 PM
Each brand has been paired with one ecommerce website an exclusive tie-up
01:43 PM
Airtel users can download Android software updates over 3G as well as 200MB worth of apps per month for six months at no cost>
01:43 PM
Google has also partnered with various network operators on special data packages for Android One users
01:41 PM
In terms of specifications, all the three manufactures have adhered to the minimum requirements set by Google.
The phones have a 4.5-inch display (845 x 480 pixels), dual SIM support and run a stock version of Android 4.4.
Hardware specifications include a quad core Mediatek processor, 1GB RAM, 4GB storage, microSD card for expansion (up to 32GB supported) and dual cameras.
This specification set ensures a fluid experience for the user, as opposed to many cheaper Android phones that are already available in the market.   >
01:40 PM
The first set of Android one devices are Micromax Canvas A1 , Spice Dream Uno and Karbonn Sparkle V – all priced between Rs 6,000 – 7,000.
01:16 PM
As Chennai boy Sundar Pichai announces Android One for India. Here is what makes him special:
Pichai, who has an educational background in business administration, has worked for Google since 2004.
He started as a product manager for Google Toolbar, an extension that Internet Explorer users could install for making quick Google searches.
He proved he could build strong relationships with other companies and managed to grow Toolbar's user base to about one in four web users by 2006.
Many Google employees picture Pichai as being the next CEO. He's like the Tim Cook to Apple's Steve Jobs: Not necessarily a man with a grand creative vision about how the company will change the world, but one that knows how to lead.
01:09 PM
4 billion people have no Internet access, while 1 billion are in India. Pichai says that AndroidOne will help India catch up
12:48 PM
What is Android One?
Android One is a program announced by Google's head of Android, Chrome web browser and apps Sundar Pichai back in June which promised rich smartphone experience on low-cost devices as Google will set minimum standards on hardware and software to be used by handset makers.
12:47 PM
By controlling hardware and software, akin to what Apple does, Google aims to bring user experience found on high-end smartphones to the affordable end of the device spectrum.
12:38 PM
Airtel, Reliance Communications to offer bundled data packs with Android One smartphones
Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communications are likely to offer bundled data plans with the Android One smartphones, bolstering Google's efforts in making mobile Internet more affordable in India, the fourth largest smartphone market globally after China, US & Brazil, with 111 million users.
12:35 PM
Smartphone Market Stats
Samsung is the leader with 29% market share, while Micromax holds 18% and Karbonn holds 8% shares. The Android One devices could propel the Indian brands further up in the market.
12:34 PM
India will be the ground zero for Google's Android One initiative over the next few months.
12:33 PM
Expectations from these devices, which are low-cost, are sky high since they come with Android experience.
12:20 PM
Google launches Android One, smartphones to be priced at around Rs 6,399
Android One will come bundled with local language support for Hindi, which is the first language for over 40% of the Indian population. Indian users will be able to give voice commands, type messages and use almost all major mobile applications in Hindi.
12:17 PM
More Android One devices to come in following months, above and below price band of Rs 6,300
12:08 PM
Google plans to expand Android One to Indonesia, Phillippines and other South Asian countries by the end of 2014 and in more countries in 2015.
12:06 PM
Facebook will benefit as much as Google as new smartphone users will also log into the former's popular social networking and messenger applications.
12:04 PM
11:55 AM
Micromax, Karbonn and Spice are the first set of manufacturers to participate in the Android One program
11:54 AM
Will Android One be a game-changer for low-cost smartphone market in India?
Yes

Sensex in red  cracks over 200 pts | Re @ day s low of 61.11 versus $Sensex under pressure, Nifty below 8,050; top ten stocks in focus
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 15 Sep, 2014, 11.44AM IST
Sensex slips below 27,000; RIL, L&T top losers
Sensex slips below 27,000; RIL, L&T top losers
50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8050, weighed down by losses in banks, capital goods, IT, metal and oil & gas stocks.
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 248 points in trade on Monday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. The fall in the index was led by losses in RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank, SBI and ITC.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8050, weighed down by losses in banks, capital goods, IT, metal and oil & gas stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,843, down 217 points or 0.80 per cent. It touched a high of 26,998.07 and a low of 26,813.03 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,040 down 64 points or 0.80 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,077.30 and a low of 8030.00.
Technically, Nifty has continued to show pattern of range bound movement. Improving performance of smallcap and midcap stocks as well as stable market breadth indicates that Nifty may test higher levels of 8140-8150 in coming days, LKP said in a report.
"However, 8200 is likely to act as resistance zone where as 8000 continues to remain strong support for the index," added the report.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Tata Motors Ltd: Tata Motors signed Bonus and Permanency Agreement with Telco Workers Union here.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.06 per cent lower at Rs 511.
Tata Steel Ltd: Tata Steel is setting up a 55,000 tonne per annum (TPA) ferro chrome plant at Gopalpur in Ganjam district of Odisha and its first unit is expected to start operations by March 2015.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.09 per cent lower at Rs 506.40.
Hero MotoCorp Ltd: Hero MotoCorp is upbeat as the festival season begins, as the world's number one two-wheeler maker by volume expects the typically strong period to be even better this year, as consumer sentiment improves with a turnaround in the economy.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.03 per cent lower at Rs 2755.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Ahead of the launch of its mobile phone services, Reliance Industries has increased its stake in Reliance Jio to almost 99 per cent.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent lower at Rs 1006.
ICICI Bank Ltd: The private sector bank has raised $ 500 million (about Rs 3,000 crore) from overseas markets by selling its bonds to fund foreign expansion plans.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.97 per cent lower at Rs 1549.
LIC Housing Finance Ltd: The housing finance company has set a target of generating total business of Rs 33,000 crore in the current financial year, up by 22 per cent over the same period last year, a top official said today.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 313.60.
JSW Steel Ltd: Sajjan Jindal-owned JSW Steel is in the final stages of negotiations to buy 'part' of bankrupt Italian steelmaker Lucchini. Lucchini is also reported to have received a binding offer from JSW Steel for its core assets in Piombino and is considering the offer.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent lower at Rs 1330.
Pfizer & Ranbay Ltd: Pfizer Inc and Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd on Friday won dismissal of an antitrust lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to delay sales of generic versions of the cholesterol drug Lipitor, the best-selling drug in history.
At 10:00 a.m.; Pfizer was trading 2.8 per cent higher at Rs 1598 and Ranbaxy was up 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 617.25.
Fortis Healthcare Ltd: Fortis Healthcare Ltd has sold its Singapore-based diagnostics business RadLink-Asia Pte Ltd for Singapore $137 million, or Rs.660 crore at current exchange rates. This follows its decision to focus on India, leading to a string of stake sales in overseas investments, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 8.8 per cent higher at Rs 132.55.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Left  BJP  Congress up demand for Mamata s resignationComments
Targeting chief minister Mamata Banerjee directly , all opposition parties in West Bengal -- the Left, BJP and the Congress-- have upped the demand for her resignation over the Saradha chit fund scam.
The BJP on Sunday alleged that she had benefited the most from the multi-crore Saradha Chit Fund scam, in which thousands of investors were allegedly duped.
"People, who have been arrested in the case are saying that West Bengal chief minister benefited the most from the scam," PTI quoted the BJP MP from Asansol  Babul Supriyo as saying.
"Those arrested are even divulging the amount of money that Mamataji and (TMC general secretary) Mukul Roy received in this scam, "he said.
Supriyo added that the charges against Rajya Sabha member Ahmed Hassan Imran allegedly playing a key role in getting huge funds from Bangladesh-based terror outfit Jamaat-e-Islami secretly transferred across the border to help TMC win the 2011 Assembly polls, were "not merely allegations, but are facts".
"Mamata didi nominated Imran for the post of Rajya Sabha member. Was she not aware of his background?" he added.
CBI must question Mamata, Jaitley: Left
The CPI(M) demanded that the CBI should question chief minister Mamata Banerjee and Union finance minister Arun Jaitley in connection with the scams.
“If Narendra Modi can be interrogated for 17 hours when he was Gujarat chief minister and Amit Shah as well as former Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyurappa be quizzed, then why not Mamata Banerjee?” leader of the opposition in the Bengal assembly and CPI(M) politburo member Suryakanta Mishra asked at a rally.
Blaming even the BJP for the chit fund scams, Mishra said, “While Jaitley took a tough stand on chit funds in his first budget speech as finance minister, he preferred to have lunch on the same day with Trinamool Rajya Sabha MP KD Singh.
"The CBI should interrogate what relation Jaitley shares with Singh,” Mishra added.
State Congress president Adhir Chowdhury reiterated his demand that Mamata should step down till the CBI gave her a clean chit. “She (Mamata) should step down immediately. The way her name got dragged into the scam it would be a loss of face for Bengal if she still remains chief minister,” he said .
The Congress also threatened to move the Supreme Court against Trinamool Congress' protest demonstrations alleging it was a contempt of court.
Congress leader Abdul Mannan - instrumental in filing the petition which eventually led to the Supreme Court order the CBI probe - said: "While ordering the CBI to probe the scam, the Supreme Court had directed the state government to cooperate in the investigation. But by holding demonstrations, the state government has disregarded the court and it is tantamount to its contempt."
Trinamool plans more rallies
Meanwhile the  Trinamool Congress decided to hold more counter rallies across the state over the next three days to give a " fitting reply to those who are trying to malign the government " over the Saradha scam.
“The opposition parties are hurling allegations against us. We have decided to give them an appropriate answer and for that we would hold rallies from September 19 to 22,” Trinamool general secretary Mukul Roy  said in Tamluk.
The Saradha scam had come to light in April 2013 after the group downed shutters without repaying lakhs of investors, who had parked their hard-earned money in the group's companies, lured by the promise of astronomically-high returns. The Supreme Court had later directed the CBI to probe the Saradha scam.

Must eliminate diesel subsidies now; need investment push: Raghuram Rajan08:00 am
With crude oil prices falling globally, the Reserve Bank governor on Monday pitched in for eliminating diesel subsidies completely. However, he cautioned that geopolitical risks – Ukraine and Middle East - continue to remain and these low crude prices may be a temporary phenomenon.
On the macro-economic front, the IIP and CPI data released on Friday point to the fact that recovery is still some time away. But Rajan says India is on path to recovery. He says when compared to other emerging markets, what worked well for India is the emergence of a stable government.
Also Read: Rajan warns of abrupt reversal of global low interest rates
Better-than-expected monsoon and strong auto sales that indicate better consumption levels point to good days ahead. Inflationary trends too are in-line with RBI forecast. Rajan says though the macro indicators are improving, the economy is not completely out of the woods yet.
Despite all the positives, credit growth numbers have not picked up that well. Rajan says for a positive growth push, investment growth needs to pick up.
On the recent deluge in Jammu and Kashmir, the RBI governor said the central bank will work with other banks to restore normalcy in the region.
Rajan seemed pleased with mobile companies and banks coming together to offer mobile banking services, while adding that he expects mobile banking to grow explosively.
RELATED NEWS

BJP MP Sakshi Maharaj faces flak for saying children in Madrassas were trained to become terrorists#sakshi maharaj #bharatiya janata party #bjp madrassas #congress
New Delhi: Bharatiya Janata Party MP from Unnao Sakshi Maharaj has sparked a controversy by saying children in Madrassas were being trained to become terrorists. Sakshi Maharaj is facing flak from political parties for his remark.
"Whosoever maharaja this is, if he has evidence, he should put it in the public domain. If not, he should restrict from giving statements creating tensions in the society," said Congress leader Manish Tewari.
"Madrassas are schools, they are not any communal thing. Sakshi ji knows everything but he just wants to create disturbance and hatred in country," said former Rajya Sabha MP Shahid Siddiqui.
Sakshi Maharaj on Sunday alleged that madrassas were giving 'education of terrorism'.
Muslim clerics have also come out against Sakshi Maharaj. "They do not teach any terrorism, they only teach the Quran for peace. Those who make such statements should be punished," said Muslim cleric Maulana Mohammad Sajid Rashidi.
Sakshi Maharaj on Sunday alleged that madrassas were giving "education of terrorism", drawing sharp reaction from other parties which accused BJP of trying to create communal polarisation by spreading "canard". "There should be a common board for the Madrassas and they should check what's being taught there. They teach terrorism in Madrasas. Just the way in schools, we are taught good values, they should teach Muslim kids good things as well, and not just teach them the Quran and how to become jihadis.
"Why is there a different code for Madrasas and schools? Madrasas should also teach the same things rather than teaching terrorism," the MP from Unnao constituency told reporters in Nademau in Kannauj district.
Maharaj alleged that students were not being taught about nationalism in religious schools. "Tell me about one madrassa where the tricolour is hoisted on August 15 and January 26," he said.
The BJP's Hindutva hardliner said Madrassas "which have no connection with nationalism" are being given government aid. "Most of our schools do not take the aid but it is being given to Madrassas having no connection with nationalism," he said.

Money from slaughter trade goes into terrorism  says Maneka GandhiWatch: Actresses back Deepika Padukone after row over objectionable caption by a national daily on her picture
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

J&K floods: Kashmir employees resent orders to join duty#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #floods
Jammu: Jammu and Kashmir government employees posted in the valley, but stranded in the Jammu region, on Monday resented orders to join their duties immediately or face drastic administrative actions.
Crippled by the absence of its employees from their places of duty in the valley, the state government on Sunday ordered them to report to work immediately, failing which strong administrative action will be taken against them.
In order to again establish its completely shattered administrative apparatus, the state government ordered its employees to join duty so that relief and rescue work can be started in the flood affected areas.
The unprecedented floods have so far claimed more than 200 lives.
The unprecedented floods have so far claimed more than 200 lives.
The state government on Sunday removed an inspector general of police (IGP) from his place of posting. It ordered his attachment to police headquarters.
Many employees posted in the valley resented orders to join duty immediately.
"The top officials of the state government are not functioning from their offices but from the safer heights of Hari Niwas (palace). We were ordered to join duties, where do we do that? At the palace or inside the submerged offices?" a senior official of the state government told IANS on the condition of anonymity.

Harsh Vardhan assures J&K of help to prevent epidemics#jammu and kashmir #floods #jammu and kashmir floods #harsh vardhan
Srinagar: Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan on Sunday assured Jammu and Kashmir health authorities of assistance to tackle any possible epidemic following the recent floods in the state while also suggesting floating clinics.
He met Chief Minister Omar Abdullah and undertook a detailed review of the health-related relief measures and other healthcare facilities, according to an official statement.
Abdullah sought central assistance to restore health infrastructure affected by floods and also to carry out an extensive measles vaccination programme for the vulnerable age group of 0-15 years.
The statement added that Harsh Vardhan was also informed that emergency medicine supplies have been dispatched to various district hospitals.
He said that almost 50 lakh chlorine tablets have been received in the state and mobile purification plants are providing safe drinking water to the people.
The chief minister said the authorities have been directed to press into service more pumps for de-watering the flooded areas and to take apt measures to check any epidemic outbreak.
The statement added that Harsh Vardhan was also informed that emergency medicine supplies have been dispatched to various district hospitals.
The minister asked the state health authorities to rush medical teams to various affected areas so that healthcare facilities are provided to the needy.
He said it is important to inform people about the water purification methods and other vaccinations to check diseases.
The statement said, "The health minister has proposed that boats be mobilised to send medical supplies to people in the inundated areas of Srinagar who find it impossible to venture out of their homes."
Harsh Vardhan said that Abdullah received his proposal positively.
"The chief minister has directed officials to mobilise available boats. Meanwhile, I am trying to accelerate the supply side, especially in respect of doctors and health workers," he said.
"People suffering from diabetes and hypertension need to urgently get their medicines," the minister said.
He urged the state's health secretary and other officials to dispose of the carcasses lying around Srinagar, and that an information-education-communication intervention be launched to tell people to boil water before drinking.
A home ministry statement said the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) is working to prevent water-borne diseases like diarrhoea from spreading in Srinagar.
"The NDRF has established five medical camps in waterlogged areas of Srinagar to provide healthcare facilities to the people," it said.
Health ministry officials added the central government has also sent 80 women gynaecologists.
"There are a large number of doctors from Delhi's central government hospitals who have rushed here. I can't muster enough words in their praise," Harsh Vardhan said.
The minister visited the hospital run by the Border Security Force.
He on Saturday visited the affected areas of Jammu and Poonch.

Saradha group will face prosecution for violation of several laws: SFIOSaradha group cos will face prosecution for violation of several laws: SFIO
PTI
Tweet
September 15, 2014:  
Completing its probe into the ‘chit fund scam’ of 14 Saradha group firms, the Serious Fraud Investigation Office today said that these companies have been found to be running ‘ponzi schemes’ and would face prosecution for violation of several laws.
The investigation concluded that the group was using collections from new investors to make payments to the previously-enrolled members, rather than from income generated through investments, in typical resemblance to a ponzi scheme.
Among others, the activities of these companies were found to be in serious violations of the Companies Act, the SEBI Act, and several provisions of the Indian Penal Code, the Corporate Affairs Ministry said in a statement on completion of the SFIO probe.
The Ministry said those companies which have been found to have violated the SEBI regulations for ‘collective investment schemes’ would be prosecuted for violation of SEBI Act, instead of the Companies Act, as the former carried longer terms of imprisonment.
Besides, prosecution would also be initiated by the state governments for violations of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Scheme (Banning) Act, while the probe report and necessary evidence would be shared with CBI to avoid duplication in prosecutions.
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were defrauded of thousands of crores through illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year and has also had its political ramifications.
The case has also become a political hot potato with Mamata Banerjee-led West Bengal government facing flak from various quarters.
“The companies, their promoters, directors and managerial personnel have been found guilty on many counts of various provisions of the Companies Act... dealing with illegal collection of deposits and false statements, etc”, it said.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Crude oil prices fall after weak Chinese dataCrude oil prices fall after weak Chinese data
PTI
Tweet
Singapore, Sept 15:  
Crude oil prices fell in Asia today after a sharp slowdown in Chinese industrial production raised concerns about slackening demand in the world’s top energy consumer, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for October delivery eased USD 1.06 to USD 91.21, while Brent crude for October fell 63 cents to USD 96.48 in mid—morning trade.
“Crude oil has come off a fair bit as investors are taking in the weak Chinese industrial production data released over the weekend,” Michael McCarthy, chief market strategist at CMC Markets in Sydney, told AFP.
“The figure feeds into the continuing story about slowing demand in China,” he added.
China said on Saturday that industrial production grew 6.9 per cent last month, its weakest rate since December 2008.
The key indicator slumped from 9.0 per cent growth in July and was also well short of the 8.7 per cent median increase in a survey of 15 economists by The Wall Street Journal.
The figures add to worries about the world’s number two economy — a key driver of world commerce — following recent indicators suggesting growth is weakening even after limited stimulus measures.
McCarthy said dealers are also eyeing the impact of fresh Western sanctions on Russia for its alleged role in the Ukrainian insurgency.
In punitive measures announced Friday, the US targeted Russia’s top bank Sberbank as well as leading energy and technology companies.
Fresh European Union measures were also aimed at major Russian energy, finance, and defence companies, including, oil giant Rosneft.
“The fresh sanctions may hurt oil demand in the longer term, but generally they remain a secondary concern for investors at the moment,” McCarthy said.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

RBI: Time for diesel deregulation in wake of decline in crude prices globallyRBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The banking sector needs to question the categories under priority sector lending, according to RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan.
"Select special sectors need ease of credit ... the biggest need for agriculture is long-term money while farmers don't get long-term loans because short-term loans are subsidised," Rajan said at a banking conference organised by FICCI.
He said bankers need to "ask if students studying abroad are more needy?"
Interest subventions and loan waiver schemes can distort prices and lead to unhealthy borrowing practices, Rajan said while addressing the bankers.
He said loan waivers, as proposed by the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister, were not healthy for the banking system and could distort prices and the credit culture.
Further, he said the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna was an internal priority and that direct benefit transfers would reduce leakage and limit distortion of prices.
He also cautioned banks on duplication of accounts opened and asked them to ensure that the newly opened accounts work and make the scheme more effective.
The priority sector lending requirement currently is at a minimum of 40 per cent, including sectors such as agriculture, education, rural housing, micro and small sector enterprises, among others.
Rate reduction
Prices of not just food but also other items needs to come down to reduce interest rates, according to him.
"Inflation is high not only in food but also in non-food items and the best solution for the country is to bring it down. Then I can cut interest rates," Rajan said at the digital banking conclave.
On being asked if he would cut rates, he said, "I have no desire to keep interest rates high for even a second longer. I want to bring down interest rates when it is feasible and that would be when we have won the fight against inflation.
"There is no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation pick up again," Rajan said, adding inflation is moving in the direction proposed by the RBI.
The RBI is targeting retail inflation of 8 per cent by January next year and 6 per cent by January 2016.
Taking a dig at industry for its persistent demand for cutting lending rates despite rising prices, the Governor asked them to bring down prices and was confident they wouldn’t reach a consensus on this.
"When you do that then we will do that, we have no problem. Clearly, you will have no consensus on this," he said.
Wholesale price inflation for August declined sharply to a near five-year low of 3.74 per cent on declining prices of vegetables and other food articles from 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August 2013.
However, consumer price inflation, which the RBI has adopted as a monetary policy gauge, still remains high. For August, it had inched down marginally to 7.8 per cent from 7.96 per cent a month earlier.
Internal evaluation of lending processes
Recent scandals underlined the need for better internal evaluation of lending processes. Banking must become more engaged and informed, he said.
Rajan reiterated the call for more operational freedom for State-run banks.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Rupee trading weak at 61.08Rupee slumps 48 paise; ends lower at 61.14
Our Bureau/PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The rupee witnessed its biggest single-day drop of 48 paise in 1-1/2 months to close weaker at 61.14 against the dollar due to heavy capital outflows and demand for the American currency by importers and banks.
Weaker Asian currencies further pushed the rupee lower to its intra-day low of 61.17 per dollar.
After opening weaker by 26 paise at 60.92 per dollar against Friday’sclose of 60.66 on the back of weakness in the domestic equity market and increased demand for US dollar overseas, the domestic unit hovered in the range of 60.92 and 61.17 against the dollar in the afternoon trade.
Fresh dollar demand and a weak domestic equity market as well as decline in industrial production growth to a 4-month low of 0.5 per cent in July had put pressure on the rupee.
BSE-benchmark Sensex ended at 26,816.5 points, lower by 245 points over its previous close on Friday.
Call rates drop; G-Sec yields flat
The interbank call money rate, the rate at which banks borrow short term funds from one another, ended lower at 7.05 per cent from the previous close of 7.95 per cent.
The 8.40 per cent government security maturing in 2024, closed almost flat at Rs 99.30 from Friday’s close of Rs 99.31, while its yield remained unchanged for the second consecutive session at 8.50 per cent.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Investment growth needs to pick up: Raghuram RajanReuters |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 11:29 AM IST
Investment growth needs to pick up: Raghuram Rajan
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said India's macroeconomic indicators are improving and inflation has been coming down consistent with the central bank's forecast, but Asia's third-largest economy needs investment growth to pick up.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said India's macroeconomic indicators are improving and inflation has been coming down consistent with the central bank's forecast, but Asia's third-largest economy needs investment growth to pick up.
Rajan, however, said Friday's industrial output and inflation data suggested that recovery was "uneven."
Output from mines, utilities and factories grew by a much slower-than-expected 0.5% year-on-year, government data showed on Friday, down from June's revised 3.9% rise.
 
ALSO READ:  Industrial growth falters
Rajan said inflation was still high and there was no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation pick up again.
Retail inflation, which the RBI tracks for setting lending rates, edged down marginally to 7.8% in August from 7.96% a month earlier.
ALSO READ:  Industrial, inflation data show imbalances persist
 
Rajan also said that there was a need to change the management appointment process in public sector banks to make it more transparent.
 Advertisements

Mastek rallies 15% on demerger planSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 11:27 AM IST
Mastek rallies 15% on demerger plan
Shareholders will get one equity share of Majesco for every equity share held in Mastek.
Mastek has rallied 15% to Rs 270, also its 52-week high on National Stock Exchange, after the company said it will demerge its insurance products and services business into a separate listed company.
The board of directors of the company at its meeting held on today, has approved the demerger of the Insurance Products and Services business of the company into Minefields Computers Private Limited, Mastek said in a statement.
Minefields Computers Private Limited to be renamed as Majesco Limited  followed by transfer of the offshore insurance operations by Majesco to Majesco Software and Solutions India Private Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of MajescoMastek Insurance Software and Solutions Inc, it added.
Mastek shareholders will get one equity share of Majesco for every equity share held in Mastek, in addition to their existing Mastek share, Majesco is proposed to be listed on the BSE and the NSE.
The scheme of arrangement will be subject to various statutory approvals, including those from the shareholders and the lenders / creditors of Mastek.
The trading volumes on the counter surge more than two-fold with a combined 2.38 million shares changing hands till noon deals on NSE and BSE.
 

Autoline Ind hits 52-week high on stake sale plan in US armSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 11:05 AM IST
Autoline Ind hits 52-week high on stake sale plan in US arm
In past one week the stock has rallied nearly 40% compared to 0.49% decline in CNX Nifty.
Autoline Industries has surged 8% to Rs 112, also its 52-week high on NSE, after the company said its board appointed executive committee on Saturday, accepted the ‘letter of intent’ from a prospective buyer to purchase 100% stake in Autoline Industries USA for $8.5 million (Rs 52 crore).
The deal is subject to due diligence and other conditions precedent to the transaction, the company said in a filing to the stock exchange.
Meanwhile, Autoline Industrial Parks, a subsidiary of the company, has received ‘Locational Clearance’ from Urban Development Department, Government of Maharashtra, Mumbai.
Autoline Industrial Parks has acquired further land and taken necessary steps to obtain the Locational Clearance for the land (104 Acres under Special Township Project) located at Mahalunge, Chakan Tal: Khed, Dist: Pune as per requirements of Urban Development Department, Government of Maharashtra, it added.
The stock has outperformed the market by surging nearly 40% in past one week from Rs 80.80 on September 8, compared to 0.49% decline in benchmark CNX Nifty.
 

Enact laws to protect depositors money: Sebi tells statesTrade unions to oppose labour law reforms, FDI clearances
Last week, Sebi directed Pearls Agrotech Corp. Ltd (PACL) to return a whopping Rs49,100 crore to depositors collected through an illegal investment scheme. Photo: Hindustan Times
Mumbai: Capital markets regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Monday asked the states to enact laws to ensure depositors’ interests are safeguarded.
“Sebi chairman U.K. Sinha suggested that the states enact depositors’ investor protection laws and strengthen the enforcement mechanism,” a release from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said, quoting Sinha who was present at the 27th conference of state finance secretaries held here.
The chief of capital markets watchdog also informed the gathering about the recent changes made in the Sebi Act to curb unauthorised deposit schemes.
Last week, Sebi directed Pearls Agrotech Corp. Ltd (PACL), a Delhi-based property developer, to return a whopping Rs49,100 crore to depositors collected through an illegal investment scheme. The Sebi action comes on the heel of West Bengal’s Saradha scam and schemes involving two Sahara group companies.
Certain entities, which are out of purview of financial sector watchdogs, have often taken advantage of the regulatory loopholes to raise large amount of deposits. States like Tamil Nadu and Odisha have already enacted model Acts to take care of depositors’ interests. Sinha sought cooperation of the states in this initiative by conducting investor awareness workshops and training officials. Sinha also sought help from the states to curb the off-system “dabba trading”, the RBI release said.
Chief secretaries of 15 states and finance secretaries of 27 states and nine Union Territories attended the conference. PTI

Think carefully  British queen tells Scots on referendumSep 15, 2014, 11.23 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Think carefully, British queen tells Scots on referendum
The monarch, coming out of a morning service at a church in Crathie near her Balmoral estate in Scotland, responded to a remark from a well-wisher that they would not mention the referendum.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Think carefully, British queen tells Scots on referendum
The monarch, coming out of a morning service at a church in Crathie near her Balmoral estate in Scotland, responded to a remark from a well-wisher that they would not mention the referendum.
Post your opinion here
 
Queen Elizabeth II has broken her silence over the Scottish independence vote, telling a member of the public on Sunday that she hoped Scots would think very carefully about the future when voting in a referendum that could break up the United Kingdom.
The monarch, coming out of a morning service at a church in Crathie near her Balmoral estate in Scotland, responded to a remark from a well-wisher that they would not mention the referendum.
"I hope people will think very carefully about the future," The Times newspaper reported Elizabeth as saying.
A vote for independence on Thursday would divide the kingdom and although Elizabeth is assumed to back the union, she has been extremely careful to avoid making public comments on the referendum.
"This is totally impartial and reinforces the point that this is a matter for the people of Scotland," a source at Buckingham Palace told Reuters.
"The queen is constitutionally impartial, above politics and has always said this is a matter for the people of Scotland," the source said.
Whatever the outcome of Thursday's vote, Queen Elizabeth is still likely to be Queen of Scotland, since most Scots are keen to retain her as head of state even if they vote to go it alone.
Should Scotland vote for independence, nationalists say Elizabeth, who is 88, would remain Queen of Scotland although they give no guarantee of the monarchy's long-term future
Scotland is close to Elizabeth's heart. Her mother was Scottish and she spent much of her childhood there. Her late sister Margaret was born there.
The country is the favourite summer destination for her and her husband Philip, who leave London in August for their estate at Balmoral, often joined by other members of the royal family.
Her only official comment on the referendum came in May in a message to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland.
"In this important year of referendum, we pray that whatever the outcome, people of faith and people of good will, will work together for the social good of Scotland," she said.
However, she gave an indication of her views on a split of her realm during a speech to mark 25 years on the throne in 1977 when she referred to referendums on devolved governments in Scotland and Wales, which were later rejected by voters.
"I number Kings and Queens of England and of Scotland, and Princes of Wales among my ancestors and so I can readily understand these aspirations. But I cannot forget that I was crowned Queen of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland."
RELATED NEWS

Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGMSep 15, 2014, 11.54 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGM
Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of 41st Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 22, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals: Updates on outcome of AGM
Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of 41st Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 22, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals Ltd has submitted to BSE a copy of the Minutes of 41st Annual General Meeting of the Company held on August 22, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

ZF Steering Gear appoints Eitika Munot & S. A. Gundecha as additional directorsSep 15, 2014, 11.47 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
ZF Steering Gear appoints Eitika Munot & S. A. Gundecha as additional directors
ZF Steering Gear India Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company has appointed Ms. Eitika Munot and Mr. S. A. Gundecha as additional directors on the Board of the Company with effect from September 15, 2014. They shall hold office till the next Annual General Meeting of the Company.

Satyam case deferred to Oct 27Satyam case deferred to Oct 27
K V Kurmanath
B. Ramalinga Raju (centre), founder Chairman of the scam-ridden Satyam Computers, arriving at the criminal court in Hyderabad on Monday. Photo: P V Sivakumar
Hyderabad, Sept 15:  
The special court on Satyam scam has deferred the case to October 27.
The court has completed hearing the case and might announce a date for pronouncing the judgment in the case that rocked the country in 2009.
The founder-Chairman, B Ramalinga Raju, had confessed to have fudging the books.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Nagarjunasagar dam fills up  crest gates liftedNagarjunasagar dam fills up, crest gates lifted
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 15:  
The Nagarjunasagar dam on river Krishna in Nalgonda district of Telangana has filled up and eight crest gates have been lifted today to release water.
The mega masonry dam had achieved full reservoir level of 590 feet with the dam storage capacity of 315 TMC bringing cheer to irrigation and energy departments and the farm community.
The delayed and erratic monsoons had caused concerns when the dam had reached dead storage level of 510 ft in July.
With both the large dams of Srisailam and Nagarjunasagar filling up they are expected to provide big boost to power generation in both Telangana and Andhra Pradesh.
With Srisailam continuing to get inflows from Jurala, two crest gates have been lifted there and water released into Nagarjunasar both from the crest gates and water from power generation.
Meanwhile, power generation at two units with capacity of 440 mw has been disrupted at Rayalaseema thermal power project due to inadequate coal stocks and supplies. Efforts are being made to augment coal supplies by APGenco.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Sensex plunges 196 points on weak industrial production data  Asian cuesSensex plummets 244 points on disappointing IIP data, weak global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The Sensex and the Nifty plunged nearly one per cent at the closing session on Monday on heavy selling by funds and retail investors due to weak industrial production data and weak global cues.
Brokers said selling pressure emerged as the country’s industrial production growth slowed to a four-month low of 0.5 per cent in July but easing retail inflation to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July, and dip in WPI inflation to a five-year low of 5.74 per cent in August restricted the fall.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex plunged 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty fell 63.5 points to end at 8,042.
Among BSE sectoral indices, metal index fell the most by 1.69 per cent, oil & gas and IT 0.96 per cent each. On the other hand, healthcare index was up 0.41 per cent, followed by realty 0.18 per cent and infrastructure index 0.18 per cent.
Cipla, Hero MotoCorp, Dr Reddy's, HDFC Bank and Infosys were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were Hindalco, Tata Steel, SSLT, ONGC and Coal India.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head-Research Eastern Financiers, earlier in the day said in a report: "The markets are expected to start the week on a subdued note on the back of weak IIP data declared during the week-end. Although Consumer Price Index (CPI) was at a comfortable zone, markets would be keenly watching the Wholesale Price Inflation (WPI) data for August scheduled to be released on Monday. Further, stock-specific action could be seen after second instalment of advance tax payments by corporates start trickling in.''
European shares fell after disappointing macroeconomic data from China raised concerns about the pace of economic growth in the world's second-biggest economy.
Week-end data showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled, increasing fears that the world's second-largest economy may be at the risk of a sharp slowdown unless Beijing takes fresh stimulus measures.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slipped less than 0.1 per cent to 344.04 at 10.13 a.m. in London, paring losses of as much as 0.4 per cent.
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index retreated 0.6 per cent today for an eighth day of declines, its longest streak since January 2010. Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures fell 0.2 per cent.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Nifty facing resistance above 8 050; August WPI in focusSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:10 PM IST
Markets trim losses after August WPI at 5-year low
Markets trimmed losses after WPI in August fell to a five-year low of 3.74%
Benchmark share indices trimmed losses after a data release by the government showed that the whole-sale price inflation dropped to a five-year low.
At 12:10PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 187 points at 26,873 and the 50-share Nifty was down 52 points at 8,053.
WPI inflation fell to a five-year low of 3.74% in August compared to 5.19% in the previous month.
Food inflation came in at 5.15% compared to 8.43% on a monthly basis, the lowest level since January 2012, while fuel and power inflation was at 4.54% compared to 7.40% in July. 
The fall in wholesale inflation -- which the RBI uses to set interest rates -- is likely to trigger calls for cuts in the repo rate, or the rate at which the Reserve Bank of India lends to banks. 
Adding to the clamour will be the low 0.5% growth in July in industrial production, and a marginal easing of retail inflation rate of 7.8% in August
Wholesale inflation for June has been revised upwards to 5.66% from 5.43% previously.
HDFC, ICICI Bank, ITC, Infosys and Reliance Industries were the top Sensex losers while HDFC Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Cipla were among the top gainers.
_________________________________
(Updated at 11:40AM)
Markets continued to trade lower in late morning trades as investors turned cautious ahead of the whole-sale price inflation data for August due later today.
At 11:40AM, the Sensex was down 196 points at 26,865 mark and the Nifty lost 56 points at 8,049 mark.
In the broader markets, BSE Mid-cap index was trading lower with negative bias and BSE SMallcap index was trading 0.3% higher.
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours on Friday, 12 September 2014, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 182.80 crore on that day.
Asian were trading lower after China's discouraging factory growth in August raised concerns of growth slowdown in the world's second-biggest economy. Markets in Japan were closed on account of a public holiday. Shanghai Composite rebounded from the day's lows and was trading with marginal gains, Hang Seng was down 0.6% and Straits Times gained 0.3%.
The BSE Metal index was the top loser down over 1% on concerns of a demand slowdown from China after recent data showed that August factory growth was sharply lower. All other indices were in the red except for the Healthcare Index which was up 0.6%.
Index heavyweights, HDFC, ICICI Bank, ITC, Infosys and Reliance Industries contributed the most to the Sensex decline.
L&T was down 0.8% on the back of sluggish industrial growth in July.
ONGC continued to remain weak on the back of government's partial stake sale in the exploration major.
Cipla was up over 3% in otherwise weak market on reports that Gilead Sciences plans to allow five Indian firms to sell generic versions of its new HepatitisC medicines viz sofosbuvir and ledipasvir in 90 countries.
Shares of Bajaj Electricals were up over 4% at Rs 290 after the company said it has bagged two orders worth Rs 518.46 crore.
Fortis Healthcare has surged 10% to Rs 134 after the company said decided to divest entire stake in healthcare service provider RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for SGD 137 million (over Rs 655 crore).
Yes Bank has dipped nearly 3% at Rs 616 in early morning deals on NSE after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said the foreign investors will need the central bank's approval to buy additional equity in the private sector lender.
Metal stocks were down because of weak factory growth in China during August.  China is the world's largest consumer of steel, copper and aluminum. Tata Steel, Hindalco, Sesa Sterlite and Coal India were down 0.5-2% each.
Market breadth was weak with 1,489 losers and 1,157 gainers on the BSE.
 Advertisements

Reinventing Union StationCommentary by Steven Pearlstein
Published on September 12, 2014
According to urban legend, the opening of Verizon Center in 1997 was the catalyst for the revival of Washington’s old downtown. Ever since, a string of projects — National Harbor, Nationals Park, the Silver Line — have promised to “change the face” of the city or the region.
While such assessments involve more than a bit of hyperbole, one project that has received scant attention could well be the biggest game changer of all.
ABOVE: Union Station has separated adjoining neighborhoods for a century, even as new buildings rise around it. A plan to build over the tracks would knit the sides back together. (From left, images from Library of Congress, Pictometry, Aramark)
I’m talking about the proposed expansion and redevelopment of Union Station, which could do for Washington what Grand Central Terminal did for New York a century ago — create a new commercial epicenter for the city and provide the transportation anchor for a regional economy, stretching from Richmond to Baltimore. At $10 billion in public and private investment, it would represent the region’s most important development initiative since the construction of Metro’s subway system.
Anyone who has passed through Union Station during rush hour knows that it is bursting at the seams, with 100,000 train, bus and subway passengers jostling for space most days with workers from nearby offices, shoppers and tourists from Dubuque.
Anyone who has watched the steady march of downtown development in Washington from the West End to the East will understand the significance of a project that finally binds up the gash that was cut through the city more than a century ago to make way for the railroad tracks connecting Washington to cities north and west.
And surely anyone who has endured the 90-minute commute each way from the exurbs of Maryland and Virginia will see the economic logic of locating more workers within a 10-minute walk of a modern, multimodal transportation hub.
If you’ve been to the renovated St. Pancras Station in London, or the spectacular Atocha station in Madrid, or even to the recently restored Grand Central, you have a sense of the world-class facility that Amtrak, the Union Station Redevelopment Corp. (USRC) and the developers at Akridge have in mind:
A seven-story-high train shed covered by a glass roof that lets in plenty of natural light. Wide spacious platforms between trains located on two levels of track. Elevated and underground passenger concourses, lined with shops and restaurants, providing easy access to subway, buses, taxis, streetcars, parking and street exits in all directions. Waiting areas, concierge stations, and electronic departure and arrival boards distributed throughout the station.
“Trains as theater” is how Amtrak design consultant Brian Harner thinks of it, harking back to a romantic era of train travel — only this time with cleaner, quieter electric trains, moving walkways and escalators, and automated ticket machines.
This new Union Station would go well beyond the ambitions of Daniel Burnham’s original Beaux-Arts masterpiece. Its footprint would span 10 square blocks —  two blocks east to west, five blocks north to south, from the foot of Capitol Hill to K Street. And to accommodate the additional parking, the underground concourses, the new bus and Metro stations and new tracks for high-speed rail, the complex would extend five levels underground.
Directly above the tracks, a whole new neighborhood of offices, hotels, residences and shops would be constructed around an elevated plaza bisected by the new H Street streetcar. Along the western edge of the project, an elevated bike and walking path, planted in the manner of New York’s High Line, would run north to Silver Spring. Along the east, perhaps an open-air market serving both commuters and nearby residents of Capitol Hill.
It speaks to the paucity of our civic imagination, and the small-mindedness of our politics, that simply to describe a project of such ambition is to invite the knowing smirks and raised eyebrows of those who will immediately recognize it as wholly incompatible with the current political and budgetary environment. It’s hard to imagine a project more likely to raise the tea party’s hackles than having federal and state taxpayers borrow billions of dollars to increase subsidized train service in and out of Washington.
At the same time, broader economic forces make Union Station expansion almost inevitable. As Doug Allen, the head of the Virginia’s commuter rail service, put it, “The question is how we do it, not whether we do it.”
With the era of exurban sprawl having run its course, people and jobs are moving back to more densely populated urban areas. That’s happening not just in Washington, but also in Boston, Austin, Seattle, New York, Chicago, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Miami. The only way these cities can accommodate such growth, and realize the economic efficiency that it will generate, is to dramatically improve their public transportation infrastructure and increase the density of land use around key public transportation nodes.
“Right now we are only scratching the surface in terms of the economic potential of Union Station,” said David Tuchmann, who is managing Akridge’s part of the project.
An expanded Union Station could create a new commercial epicenter for Washington and provide the transportation anchor for a regional economy.
On the rails, an economic engine
Grand Central Terminal celebrated its 100th anniversary last year, and its history speaks to the influence that a train station can have on the economy and topography of a metropolis.
Railroad magnate Cornelius Vanderbilt constructed the original Grand Central in the 1870s on a railroad storage yard and cow pasture on what was then the outskirts of New York City. It was the biggest railroad station ever built in the United States, linking the city to its far suburbs and the country to the west. The depot was so remote that passengers traveled almost an hour by horse-drawn trolley to get to it from what was then the downtown in Lower Manhattan. Vanderbilt’s gamble was that if he built the station, New York would grow up around it.
The Oyster Bar, top, draws visitors to newly renovated Grand Central Terminal in New York. Soaring renovations to Madrid's Atocha station, middle, and London's St. Pancras are a model for planners' visions for Union Station.                                                                            (Mario Tama/Getty; Daniel Ochoa de Olza/AP; Simon Dawson/Bloomberg)
That is exactly what happened. As the city developed northward, traffic in and out of the new station grew so rapidly that it had to be expanded several times. Before long, there was a growing chorus of complaints from the owners of nearby houses and offices about noise and filth and danger to pedestrians. The clamor eventually forced the New York Central to construct a tunnel down the middle of Park Avenue to carry most of its trains in and out of the city, and a modern terminal at the end of it, at 42nd Street, that the world knows today as Grand Central.
The new station and train yards consumed nearly 50 acres and were constructed over a decade at a cost of $2 billion in today’s dollars. It was the first station to have clean, electrified trains arrive on two levels of underground track, one for commuter trains, the other for long-distance service like the luxurious 20th Century Limited to Chicago. The station had the capacity to handle more than 1,000 railcars at any given time, with 30 platforms reached by ramps and underground concourses.
Once in the station, ladies and gentlemen could go to separate waiting rooms and lounges to have their hair cut, have their shoes shined or change into a fresh outfit. Restaurants on the mezzanines overlooked the marbled main concourse, and the now famous Oyster Bar below.
The majestic main concourse was 275 feet long and 120 feet wide, flanked on both ends by grand marble staircases, underneath a massive concave ceiling on which was painted the constellations of the stars. The New York Times, in a special section, proclaimed the newly opened Grand Central to be the world’s greatest train station, “a monument, a civic center or, if one will, a city.”
From its inception, however, Grand Central was more than a train station — it was a real estate development project. New York Central’s original investment was premised on its ability to develop or sell the air rights for the land around the terminal building once the underground tracks and platforms had been completed and covered. According to Sam Roberts, the New York Times columnist who wrote a book on the occasion of Grand Central’s centennial, the assessed value of property in the immediate area around the station more than doubled within three years of construction. A decade  later, it had doubled again, creating a huge return for Vanderbilt and his railroad and a bonanza for the city’s economy.
With Grand Central as its anchor, Midtown Manhattan became the commercial, residential and cultural heart of New York. The great hotels of the era, including the Ambassador, the Biltmore, the Commodore and the Waldorf-Astoria, sprang up,  while many of the nation’s biggest corporations moved their headquarters uptown to the nearby Chrysler Building, Empire State Building and ornate New York Central Building. For apartment living, Park Avenue became one of the city’s most prestigious addresses — by 1920, it was reported that 100 millionaires were living at the single address of 270 Park. And where the swells came, their clubs and nightclubs and favorite restaurants soon followed.
Grand Central’s economic impact was also felt in the suburban commuter towns that sprouted along the tracks leading away from the city — towns such as White Plains and New Rochelle in New York and Greenwich and Darien in Connecticut. These suburbs also became part of the city’s economic ecosystem, and without them, New York would never have become the economic engine it is today.
When Akridge bought the development rights in 2002, Union Station was in decline, and “NoMa was a wasteland,” the firm's founder says. Today, booming neighborhoods encircle the station.
Lengthening D.C.’s reach
Lots of things, of course, have changed since 1913, but the history of Grand Central can be instructive in thinking about the potential impact of an expanded and revitalized Union Station.
Imagine you are an employer looking for office space in Washington for a professional staff drawn from all over the region. Would any location be more accessible to more workers? And, once high-speed rail service is introduced in the Northeast, would any other location in Washington make it possible to get to meetings in downtown Baltimore in 30 minutes or New York in 90 minutes?
The Union Station area is already among the hottest in the region, with NoMa to the north and west and the hip H Street corridor to the north and east. These neighborhoods are only likely to get hotter once ground is finally broken on a long-delayed, mixed-use development over Interstate 395 where it crosses under Massachusetts Avenue NW, repairing another gash in the urban fabric that isolates Union Station from the rest of downtown. Redevelopment of the historic red-brick Government Printing Office, hard by the station on North Capitol Street, will add to the buzz.
In short, if Washington is ever to have the urban density found in New York or Chicago, this is likely to be where it happens, with offices and hotels competing with luxury housing for proximity to the station.
But as the Grand Central history illustrates, it’s not just Washington that will benefit. A key assumption behind the Union Station redevelopment plan is that commuter rail service from Virginia and Maryland could double as track and station capacity increase.
The present
The area around Union Station has been growing more racially diverse and prosperous. While some new apartments, government and commercial buildings ring the station, neighborhoods of historic homes are just a few blocks away. The main obstacles to Union Station’s redevelopment ambitions are money and politics.
Year built*
Residential and hotels
A changing neighborhood
In 1990, 75% of the people who lived within a mile of Union Station were black. Now, whites make up 44% of the area’s populaton, and the share of Asians and Hispanics is also growing.
Poverty and education
In 2012, 61 percent of the area’s inhabitants had a bachelor’s degree, compared with 29 percent for the rest of the United States.
Sources: D.C. Office of the Chief Financial Officer, NoMa Business Improvement District, Post analysis of U.S. census data.                                         Published Sept. 12, 2014.
* Clarification: According to the D.C. property records, the oldest commercial building in the Union Station area is the U.S. Capitol, where construction began in 1793. Property records indicate two homes on D Street SE were built in 1776. A previous version of the map key included the years built of some properties in Georgetown, which is not on the map. Union Station opened in 1907.
Link directly to this graphic
“Right now, you can fill a MARC train as fast as you can add it,” said Beverley Swaim-Staley, president of the USRC and a former Maryland transportation secretary.
The better-than-expected traffic on recently inaugurated weekend commuter service from the Maryland suburbs to Union Station speaks to the unmet demand, and raises the question of why Virginia hasn’t followed suit.
Indeed, there’s now serious talk of “through service,” in which Virginia trains would continue north to Fort Meade, Md., where 75,000 federal employees and contractors work, and on to Baltimore, while Maryland trains would continue over the Potomac to Crystal City, Alexandria, Springfield and Quantico. Such an expansion of service is a top priority of the region’s business community. And similar to what has happened around Metro stops, expanded service would significantly increase the value of property up and down the commuter rail lines.
Given the high cost of housing and office space in the Washington region, faster and more frequent train service could also tie Washington more closely to Baltimore and Richmond, where there are downtowns and neighborhoods with old housing stock waiting to be revitalized. It was rail service that created the New York megalopolis that stretches from Stamford, Conn., to Menlo Park, N.J., and if it achieves its potential, Union Station could do the same for Washington.
The food court at Union Station seems to cater to nearby office workers and tourists more than to passengers, who lost much of their historic space in the main hall during a renovation 25 years ago.
Passengers take back seat to retail
For all its promise, the Union Station master plan has one serious design flaw.
Twenty-five years ago, Burnham’s original station was saved from disuse and disrepair by a costly and painstaking restoration paid for largely by the federal government. Because train travel was out of fashion back then, much of the original station was turned into an indoor shopping mall.
Where there were once ticket booths and waiting halls and a broad passenger concourse, shops and restaurants were installed to help fund the renovation and provide a steady stream of income to operate and maintain the facility. Train passengers were relegated to a cramped new passenger concourse, seemingly modeled after a Greyhound bus station, that was tacked onto the rear of Burnham’s masterpiece, alongside an unsightly new parking garage.
A revival of rail travel offers the opportunity to reorient Burnham’s station back toward its original purpose, with its grand hall and ornate waiting areas geared to the comfort and convenience of passengers rather than retail shoppers and tourists.
“Our hope would be that the historic building can be an integral part of the train experience once again,” said Robert Nieweg, who heads the Union Station Preservation Coalition.
Unfortunately, the initial design unveiled last year by Amtrak and the USRC preserves the current uses of the old station, largely because of legal and financial considerations.
In 1988, when the station’s owner, USRC, went looking for a real estate firm to manage the new retail operations, interest was underwhelming. The mall-in-a-train-station concept was untested, the city’s population was declining and the neighborhood around the station was sketchy. So the USRC agreed to what turned out to be a sweetheart deal, one that offered modest rent, near-total control of the train station and the right to extend the arrangement for up to 100 years.
Initially, there were some setbacks, like the failure of a multiplex cinema beneath the main hall and disappointing sales at the higher-end restaurants. But in recent years, retail at Union Station has taken off, with sales per square foot that are some of the highest in the city. Those sales translate into rents that average about $75 a square foot, of which less than $13 per square foot is passed on to USRC.
So you can understand why Ashkenazy Acquisition Corp., the New York firm that acquired the leasehold six years ago for the hefty price of $160 million, would not be keen to give up the retail concourse without assurances that it could have a similar role, and even larger profits, from an expanded, reconfigured station. After a somewhat rocky start, officials say Ashkenazy has become an active participant in the station redevelopment process.
The potential future
A sweeping proposal would build above and below the tracks behind Union Station, creating a slice of new development between two of D.C.’s hottest markets. But the plan’s creators, Amtrak, Akridge and the Union Station Redevelopment Corp., will need to overcome political and financial hurdles to turn their concept into reality. A look at the plan’s highlights, starting from the top:
Select a level:
Note: Illustrated is a preliminary concept as of May 14.                                     Sources: Lead Project Consultant Brian Harner, Shalom Baranes Associates, Union Station Master Plan by Amtrak, National Railroad Passenger Corp., Union Station Redevelopment Corp., Parsons Brinckerhoff & HOK, Akridge, WMATA, Union Station Parking Garage.                                     Published Sept. 12, 2014. Link directly to this graphic
Amtrak officials also believe that, as magnificent as the old station may be, today’s passengers would rather buy a magazine, grab a sandwich and wait for their departure closer to the trains. Perhaps they are right. But then isn’t the logical solution to bring the tracks and train shed closer to the old station so that it can once again serve that purpose?
“Retail is important,” says Randall Fleischer, who heads development and marketing at the recently renovated Grand Central, “but our approach has been not to let the retail trump the passenger experience.”
Indeed, apart from a big, splashy new Apple store overlooking the main concourse, most of the retail at Grand Central is geared to train passengers. Unlike the food court at Union Station, which seems to cater to nearby office workers and tourists, Grand Central’s underground dining concourse features the famous Oyster Bar and much healthier and more attractive fast-food stalls run by local independents, not national chains. Lively bars overlook the main concourse while convenience stores and services line the underground passageways. And a new Grand Central Market just off the main concourse has stalls selling fresh fruit and vegetables, cheese, fish, meats and prepared food that people can pick up on their way to the train.
As Fleischer sees it, the best way to maximize retail revenue in a train station isn’t to attract the same stores and restaurants found in every other suburban shopping center. The trick is to create an environment that, first and foremost, encourages more people to travel by rail, and then offers enough excitement that passengers linger longer and take the next train.
Contrast that approach with what one finds at Union Station, where trains seem like an afterthought and passenger comfort and convenience take a back seat to retail sales. Walk through the front door of the main hall and the first thing you see are a couple of stalls selling T-shirts and sweatshirts. And instead of an information booth, there’s a ticket booth for a tourist trolley. You won’t hear announcements about the next train leaving for Philadelphia or arriving from Richmond — those are no longer broadcast in the old station.
Heading into the retail concourse, which stands between the main hall and the tracks, you can find several stores to sell you a new pair of shoes, but you’ll have to hunt in the far corner of the underground food court to find someone to repair your old ones. There’s a shop where you can buy all manner of fancy razors and shaving brushes, but only one barber’s chair where you can get a haircut and a shave — and nowhere for a woman to get her hair blown out and styled. There are any number of shops at which you can buy a new sports jacket or a silk blouse, but nowhere to drop one off to be dry-cleaned or repaired. The only bookstore was converted to an H&M clothing boutique a year ago. A pharmacy was never replaced.
Obviously, barbers, cobblers and dry-cleaners can’t afford to pay rents of $75 a square foot. But by improving passenger convenience, their presence could support the sales of other retailers who can.
The first step in creating “train theater” at Union Station, I would argue, is to take control of the station back from retail leasing agents and return it to train people whose primary concern is the passenger experience.
The new Union Station would go well beyond the ambitions of Daniel Burnham’s original Beaux-Arts masterpiece. It would add capacity for many more riders from the suburbs and beyond.
Tallying up the bill
Design aside, the most significant hurdle to the Union Station master plan is its price tag.
It starts with an estimated $6.5 billion for expanding and improving the station, which includes the tracks, the renovated and expanded passenger concourses, the new train shed, demolition of the old parking garage and construction of 3,500 new spaces underground.
Doubling the commuter traffic into Union Station will also require upgrading and expanding the commuter station at L’Enfant Plaza, rebuilding and doubling the track capacity on the century-old Long Bridge over the Potomac, and adding track and storage capacity in Maryland and Virginia. Figure another $1 billion for those.
In early 1907, top, Daniel Burnham's train station nears completion, launching what many look back on as a golden era of rail travel. Later decades saw the station fall into disuse. Above, a valet parking area is turned into a visitor's center in 1975.                                                                            (Top: Library of Congress; Others: Washington Post)
Above the tracks, Akridge plans to spend $1.5 billion in private funds to develop the hotels, offices, shops and residences of what it calls Burnham Place, designed by Washington architect Shalom Baranes. The city has already approved replacing the bridge over H Street — a key component of the Union Station project — at an estimated cost of nearly $200 million.
And below the tracks, Metro envisions an enlarged “superstation,” part of a new “inner loop” of stations that by 2040 would connect Union Station to the Blue, Orange and Silver lines. The existing Red Line station, already the busiest in the Metro system, also needs more capacity, as well as better connections to the street and train station. Metro has not released any cost estimates for what it wants to do at Union Station, but it’s a safe bet that these add another $1 billion to the project.
Add it all up and it comes to at least $10 billion in public and private investment. And that doesn’t include the additional billions it would cost for a new set of underground tracks and platforms for intercity high-speed rail, the fourth and final phase of the station redevelopment master plan.
So far, officials have been unable to say how they might pay for the public portion of the project, noting that they are still a year from completing engineering studies, with another two to three years required for environmental, historic preservation and other approvals. Even if construction begins as planned in 2018, the project will be built and financed in stages over a period of 25 years. And officials emphasize that any financing plan will have to make extensive use of user and passenger fees, public-private partnerships and the normal transportation funding programs of the federal and state governments.
Using Amtrak’s projections of passenger traffic, I did some back-of-the-envelope calculations to see how close I could get to $10 billion. I was able to come up with $3 billion in borrowing, public or private, that could be supported by modest fare increases for train, bus and subway passengers, parking and taxi fees, and rental income from the retail space inside the station. An additional $1 billion might be financed through a property tax surcharge on commercial property within a half-mile radius of Union Station in the District, and around commuter stations in Maryland and Virginia, all of which would become significantly more valuable. (Similar taxing districts are being used to help finance Metro’s Silver Line extension.)
Yet even with these optimistic (some would say heroic) assumptions, plus the $1.5 billion in private financing by Akridge, the federal and state governments would still have to hit up taxpayers for nearly half of the project cost — and even more if high-speed rail is to become a reality. From an economic perspective, that’s not an unreasonable sum over two decades, but politically, it’s a heavy lift — not only because of tight federal and state budgets, but also because it would require support from Maryland and Virginia for a project located outside their borders.
“There’s no question this will take substantial public funds,” acknowledged John Porcari, who as the former deputy U.S. secretary of transportation served as the federal government’s representative on the USRC’s board of directors.
Although federal and state officials are generally united in their enthusiasm and support for the Union Station master plan, several suggested that a new institutional structure might be required to pull it off, one that is regional and involves the federal government and Amtrak.
“We need to come together in terms of a regional transportation mechanism,” said Kevin Page, director of operations for the Virginia Department of Rail and Public Transportation. “Until we get to that, there will continue to be question marks over projects like Union Station.”
It may be instructive that ever since Grand Central was rescued from the wrecking ball in the 1970s, the job of restoring and operating the station has fallen to the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, a tri-state entity that runs not only the commuter trains, but also the subways, buses, bridges and tunnels that stitch together New York and its surrounding region.
Today, the MTA is in the midst of a $10 billion expansion of Grand Central so that it can accommodate about half of the commuter trains coming from Long Island at a new eight-track terminal 15 stories underground. It is the largest public capital project in the country, and when it is completed in 2019, it is expected to increase the number of train passengers through Grand Central by more than a third, to 115 million a year.
Union Station is no Grand Central, of course, but the plans for it are no less ambitious. The master plan envisions that annual passenger traffic, now about 14 million, would double in 20 years and triple in 30, reaching 42 million passengers by 2044.
“Something like this transforms Washington,” Jim Dinegar said. As president of the Greater Washington Board of Trade, Dinegar is paid to make such boosterish assessments, but this time it’s no exaggeration. Washington’s current boom economy was made possible because earlier generations were willing to make bold and expensive investments in transportation infrastructure.
Nobody thinks we’d be better off today if government had not borrowed the money to build the Beltway, or the subway system or Dulles International Airport. It would be yet another symptom of today’s cramped political vision — and our false notion of economy — if we fail to make a similarly bold investment in the expansion and redevelopment of Union Station.
Editor’s picks

The $10B project could reshape D.C. regionUnion Station
The present
The area around Union Station has been growing more racially diverse and prosperous. While some new apartments, government and commercial buildings ring the station, neighborhoods of historic homes are just a few blocks away.
Year built
Residential and hotels*
A changing neighborhood
In 1990, 75% of the people who lived within a mile of Union Station were black. Now, whites make up 44% of the areaâ€™s populaton, and the share of Asians and Hispanics is also growing.
Poverty and education
In 2012, 61 percent of the areaâ€™s inhabitants had a bachelorâ€™s degree, compared with 29 percent for the rest of the United States.
The potential future
A sweeping proposal would build above and below the tracks behind Union Station, creating a slice of new development between two of D.C.â€™s hottest markets. But the planâ€™s creators, Amtrak, Akridge and the Union Station Redevelopment Corp., will need to overcome political and financial hurdles to turn their concept into reality. A look at the planâ€™s highlights, starting from the top:
Select a level:
Note: Illustrated is a preliminary concept as of May 2014.                 Sources: Lead Project Consultant Brian Harner, Shalom Baranes Associates, Union Station Master Plan by Amtrak, National Railroad Passenger Corp., Union Station Redevelopment Corp., Parsons Brinckerhoff & HOK, Akridge, WMATA, Union Station Parking Garage, D.C. Office of the Chief Financial Officer, Post analysis of U.S. Census data.                 Images at top: Past: Library of Congress. Present: Pictometry. Future: Akridge.                 Published Sept. 12, 2014.
* Clarification: According to the D.C. property records, the oldest commercial building in the Union Station area is the U.S. Capitol, where construction began in 1793. Property records indicate two homes on D Street SE were built in 1776.A previous version of the map key included the years built of some properties in Georgetown, which is not on the map. Union Station opened in 1907.
Graphic by Alberto Cuadra, Bonnie Berkowitz, Darla Cameron, Ted Mellnik and Kevin Schaul - The Washington Post
Editorâ€™s picks

This could be D.C. s next hot neighborhoodBy Jonathan O'Connell September 12 Follow @OConnellPostBiz
On one side is NoMa, a bustling new employment center with a catchy name, home to National Public Radio, CNN and the Justice Department.
On the other side is H Street Northeast, perhaps the buzziest corridor in the city for nightlife and restaurants, and the future site of Whole Foods.
After decades of decline, development is booming on all sides of Union Station, and now the station itself could become the anchor for Washington’s next go-to spot. A D.C. developer is making a big bet on the railyard behind it, proposing to build a deck over the tracks to support a commercial and residential hub that would unite the neighborhood behind the station for the first time in 100 years.
READ: Reimagining Union Station
From its offices across the street, the Union Station Redevelopment Corp., along with Amtrak and its partners, is studying every inch of the station to prepare its pitch to the policymakers and investors needed to make the master plan a reality.
What’s there now
The area around Union Station has been growing more racially diverse and prosperous. While some new apartments, government and commercial buildings ring the station, neighborhoods of historic homes are just a few blocks away.
Year built
Residential and hotels
A changing neighborhood
In 1990, 75 percent of the people who lived within a mile of Union Station were black. Now, whites make up 44 percent of the area’s populaton, and the share of Asians and Hispanics is also growing.
Poverty and education
In 2012, 61 percent of the area’s inhabitants had a bachelor’s degree, compared with 29 percent for the rest of the United States.
Sources: D.C. Office of the Chief Financial Officer, NoMa Business Improvement District, Post analysis of U.S. census data. Published Sept. 12, 2014.
Link directly to this graphic
More than two years after Amtrak unveiled its plan for the station, central obstacles remain: Congress cannot agree on how to spend annual transportation dollars, and the Obama administration is struggling to get rail legislation passed.
And the D.C. real estate market, for all its new apartments and restaurants, is producing little demand for office space, a primary financial driver for Burnham Place, the envisioned 3 million square-foot mixed-use mega-project.
Karen Hedlund, a top-ranking official at the Federal Railroad Administration, argues that something larger is afoot that will overwhelm cyclical budget constraints and real estate downturns — that Americans are making a generational return to cities and to rail travel as they spurn highways overwhelmed by congestion.
“By 2050 our country is going to have 100 million more people that we are going to have to move around,” she said, “and the economists believe that a majority of this population growth is going to be in cities or metropolitan areas.”
Skeptics point to the difficulty of finding the political will to enact a plan that could cost more than $10 billion. But Hedlund said that for people to move freely up and down the Northeast corridor, there is no other way.
“The alternative is double-decking Interstate 95,” she said. “There just is no more space.”
Working behind the scenes
How do you get to $10 billion?
The model may be at another Union Station, in Denver, another fast-growing city.
Though much smaller in scale and cost, the $488 million redevelopment of the Denver station offered a 22-bay bus concourse and expanded train connections when it was completed in May.
The lion’s share of the cost — $87.3 million in grants and $300.6 million in loans — came from the Transportation Department, but Hedlund said proceeds from some 2 million square feet of expected mixed-use development around the station is expected to reimburse the federal government.
“Those loans made to Denver are being paid for from proceeds of that development,” she said.
The Obama administration would like to open a much larger flow of money for such projects, by way of its proposed Grow America Act , a four-year, $302 billion transportation bill. Instead, Congress and Obama patched together an extension to the Highway Trust Fund using a budgetary gimmick.
To put together a more diverse pool of funding sources, the Union Station Redevelopment Corp. (USRC), which manages the station, is working closely with Amtrak, the Transportation Department, developer Akridge and the Federal City Council (an association of local business executives) to evaluate precisely what work is needed and how much it will cost.
In the process, USRC has collected 8,000 documents about the station, everything it could find from storage, District agencies, the Library of Congress and historians.
All the partners decide what to study and who will pay for it, and they all had a hand in working with the D.C. government to approve funding needed to shore up the H Street bridge that passes behind the station.
The partnership will need to hold together over time, as greater sums of money are needed to build each new phase of a generational project. In the meantime, Amtrak and the USRC are trying to build support by offering interim improvements to the station’s more than 100,000 daily visitors, among them a new bus terminal, freshly repaired gold leafing on the ceiling of the main hall and an updated public address system.
“People don’t have to wait until well into the future to see the start of improvements,” said Beverley Swaim-Staley, the group’s president and chief executive.
Real estate headwinds
Akridge, the D.C. real estate firm founded by John “Chip” Akridge, has committed to assembling $1.5 billion in private funds toward developing Burnham Place, the most ambitious project in the company’s 40-year history.
Since its founding, the company has had tried to acquire properties in the path of development, Akridge said, and that was the idea when he agreed to buy the development rights over the tracks, at a 2002 auction, for just $10 million.
Only three developers bid for the project. Union Station was on the decline, and the surrounding neighborhood wasn’t much better. A streetcar hadn’t even been proposed. “NoMa was a wasteland 12 years ago,” Akridge said. “H Street was even worse.”
Since then, progress “could not have been more positive,” he said. With all the new development in the area — Douglas Development has even begun rehabbing the Uline Arena, made famous by a 1964 visit from the Beatles — Akridge now expects Burnham Place to be the hole in the doughnut, one with better train access than any other site.
“We had no concept of what we see today, which is that Union Station is probably going to become the regional transportation hub in the Northeast corridor,” he said.
But the endeavor entails more uncertainty than most development projects. Akridge will have to front the capital for the deck years ahead of when it will see any return on that investment, and he isn’t sure of the price tag yet.
“You have to build the infrastructure upfront,” said Bob Murphy, managing principal at MRP Realty, a competing firm that just completed a 14-story, 400-unit apartment in NoMa. “If they are going to build that entire platform, they are going to have to have the money so that they can afford to carry it.”
Despite interest in the area, there are signs that the boom is waning. Rents at apartment buildings in neighborhoods like NoMa have begun to drop. Meanwhile, sequestration and defense spending cuts have taken a toll on the office market, which is Akridge’s bread and butter. Few companies are expanding, and those that are are leasing smaller offices, thanks to a push toward more efficient work spaces.
The vacancy rate downtown is 11.2 percent, barely down from 2009, according to the services firm Cassidy Turley. Office rents have been flat for five years.
The storm clouds are dark enough that Gerry Widdicombe, director of economic development for the Downtown Business Improvement District, thinks some office owners will have to convert their buildings to housing.
“We hear more and more from office guys that we’re going to do residential,” he said. “The office market is going sideways in a big way. No one knows really where it’s going.”
Millions of square feet of new offices are scheduled to arrive on the market before Burnham Place. Given the complexities of the master plan, Akridge will not be able to control the timing of his project as well as others.
But the first building at Burnham Place isn’t likely to be completed for at least five years, long enough for the market to roar back. And Akridge said there is already growing demand for efficient, light-filled work spaces providing less space per worker, which only newer buildings can provide.
“You can’t squeeze somebody into 125 square feet per person in a building built before 2013,” he said.
Who will lead the charge?
There are other tools available to the Union Station organizers, among them a surcharge on Amtrak tickets and a special tax on commercial properties around Union Station.
Getting any of them approved, however, would require some visible political muscle. Who is up to the task?
A new mayor could play a key role. D.C. Council member Muriel Bowser (D-Ward 4), the Democratic mayoral nominee, submitted a bill late last year calling for the creation of an Office of Public Private Partnerships, aimed at raising hundreds of millions of capital dollars.
A more likely candidate may be a former mayor, Anthony A. Williams. As president of the Federal City Council, Williams holds one of five seats on the USRC board. Before he arrived, the organization played major roles in quietly pushing school reform and redeveloping libraries across the District.
Though he declined to be interviewed, Williams is widely expected to make Union Station a top priority.
He has hired Emeka Moneme, a former Metro official and director of the D.C. Department of Transportation, to oversee infrastructure projects.
Williams made a spirited speech at the unveiling of Amtrak’s master plan.
And he was talking about how best to fund public infrastructure years before Bowser’s bill; in a 2012 keynote speech at the city’s annual economic development luncheon, Williams called for a public infrastructure fund akin to the one Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel (D) now deploys.
Few Washingtonians enjoy the connections that Williams does to Capitol Hill, the District government and private sector executives. Swaim-Staley says anytime she needs something, Williams is there for her: “He has been a champion of the project. He has been terrific. I can’t say enough.” Hedlund echoed that sentiment: “He’s been very active.”
Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years.
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=business, subsection=capitalbusiness}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=3, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=15, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: {allow_comments=true, allow_photos=false, allow_videos=false, comments_period=14, comments_source=washpost.com, default_sort=, default_tab=, display_comments=true, is_ugc_gallery=false, max_items_to_display=15, max_items_to_display_top=3, moderation_required=false, stream_id=}!!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=3, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=15, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410532519/1410532519000/1410532519 tracking: {authors=Jonathan O’Connell, content_category=CapitalBusiness, in_url_headline=this-could-be-d-c-s-next-hot-neighborhood-but-building-it-wont-be-easy-or-cheap, section={section=business, subsection=capitalbusiness}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true, ugc={allow_comments=true, allow_photos=false, allow_videos=false, comments_period=14, comments_source=washpost.com, default_sort=, default_tab=, display_comments=true, is_ugc_gallery=false, max_items_to_display=15, max_items_to_display_top=3, moderation_required=false, stream_id=}} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 12, 2014 2:35:19 PM close date: Sep 26, 2014 2:35:19 PM

Pvt insurance firms face challenges aheadStory
All Bases Covered
Private insurance companies have emerged leaner, fitter and more profitable from the 2008 meltdown, but challenges remain.
Anand Adhikari      Follow @anandadhikari    Edition: Sep 28, 2014
Photo: Raj Verma
Amitabh Chaudhry was faintly amused. It was early 2010 and a consultancy firm had got in touch asking if he would consider taking over as CEO and Managing Director of HDFC Life.
The 50-year-old, a graduate of Birla Institute of Technology and Science, Pilani, and an MBA from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad, had headed Infosys ' Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) arm and been in banking earlier, but had never worked in insurance in his life. He wondered why on earth HDFC Life - a joint venture between HDFC Ltd and the UK-based Standard Life Insurance - was interested in him when he knew almost nothing about the sector.
But it was too good an offer to refuse."The first question the board of directors asked me was how long it would take me to make the company one of the country's top three private insurers," he says.
"I replied it would be at least three to four years." HDFC Life was then the fifth-largest in terms of premium collection. Chaudhry has delivered on his promise - HDFC Life is now the second-largest in terms of total premium after ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Company, according to March 2014 data.
Sticking firmly to the 'revenue is vanity, profit is sanity' dictum, he has reduced the number of HDFC Life branches from 595 in 2008/09 to 429 in 2013/14, the number of employees from 14,506 to 13,900 and the number of financial consultants - read insurance agents - from over 200,000 to around 75,000 in the same period. But at the same time, the company which recorded a loss of Rs 243 crore in 2007/08 - and indeed had been losing money since it was set up in 2000 - showed profits of Rs 271 crore in 2011/12, Rs 451 crore and  Rs 725 crore in the two subsequent years.
Chaudhry was not the only outsider inducted into the industry around that time. So too was Jayant Dua, CEO and MD of Birla Sun Life Insurance till October 2013 - he came from the insulator manufacturing business, taking over in July 2010.
Indeed, private life insurance saw a great churn at the top around this time. Shikha Sharma quit as CEO and MD of ICICI Prudential Life Insurance to take over at Axis Bank; her successor V. Vaidyanathan also left soon after to explore an entrepreneurial venture. Sandeep Bakhshi, a one-time banker who built the general insurance business for ICICI, then took charge. Reliance Life Insurance, Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance, Max Life Insurance and others all saw their top executive change.
The new managers have delivered on profits, but premium income has flattened out and in fact declined in the last three years . Overall, private life insurance companies - which began only in 2000 after the government allowed limited foreign investment in the sector - have been able to acquire 35 per cent of the business at the cost of Life Insurance Corporation of India, the public sector behemoth which enjoyed a monopoly till the turn of the last century. But how sustainable are these profits?
Emphasis on Quality
Most private life insurers maintain the quality of the business they are underwriting now is significantly better than it was up to 2008/09 when premium income seemed to be growing exponentially. It is primarily because unit-linked insurance plans (ULIPs) are no longer in vogue and traditional term insurance plans have made a comeback. Even up to 2010, ULIPs comprised 83 per cent of the market; they are now down to 28 per cent. "Traditional plans tend to have more persistency than ULIPs," says Anuj Agarwal, CEO and MD, Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance.
ULIPs, which are stock market-linked, are essentially investment products with insurance thrown in. Not surprisingly, their surrender rate - once the lock-in had been exhausted - was high. (Traditional term plans are those which offer insurance alone, with benefits - sum assured and bonus - that are fixed and clearly spelt out from the start.)
They declined once the insurance regulator, the Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDA) imposed stringent conditions on their sale - increasing the minimum lock-in period from three to five years, curbing agent commissions as well as the charges that could be imposed if policies were surrendered before the lock-in period ended, and insisting the sum assured should be at least 10 times the annual premium.
Their commissions shaved off, agents no longer push ULIPs as aggressively as before. Insurance companies too have had to rethink their strategies with IRDA strongly discouraging them from using penalties for premature discontinuance of policies as a significant revenue stream. "The new regulations have squeezed margins a bit," says Rajesh Sud, CEO and MD of Max Life Insurance Company.
"The profitability of the industry is going to be different from what it was in the past. The challenge is how do you grow your business, how do you penetrate more and increase customer conversation without increasing cost and remaining within the parameters of the permitted product design."
IRDA wants private life insurers to draw their profits in other ways - from the size of assets under management, sale of products, persistency of policies, etc. "The intent of the regulator is clear," says Bakhshi of ICICI Prudential. "Profits should be sustainable over the long term and beneficial both to the company and to society at large." He believes this will be a boon in the long run. "The consolidation phase has made both products and processes of private life insurers stronger," he adds. "Growth in the next couple of years will be much more sustainable."
Will ULIPs Return?
Some believe the boom in the stock market following the coming of the new government could revive ULIPs once more. If an investor has to choose between investing in ULIPs or mutual funds, he has every reason to opt for the former - lower charges, tax incentives with life insurance thrown in. "The cost structure of a ULIP product is very low," says Agarwal of Bajaj Allianz. "If you compare a ULIP product with a mutual fund scheme, the former straightaway kills the latter." Bajaj Allianz claims its Future Gain - a ULIP product - deducts a charge of just 1.35 per cent, while most mutual fund schemes take two to 2.5 per cent.
But others maintain ULIPs are done for, having acquired a dubious reputation after the way they were misrepresented by some agents in the past. It was in fact customer complaints about hidden charges and unexplained fine print in the ULIPs sold to them that partially prompted IRDA to act.
Sources of Profit
If private life insurers' bottom lines are improving now, it is because of policy renewals rather than new policies being bought. (In long term life insurance policies, there is no profit in the first year premium, due to the commissions and expenses involved, but these reduce over successive years.) By now, most private life insurers have built a critical mass of policyholders and the business is paying back. SBI Life Insurance Co. Ltd, for instance, earned a total premium of Rs 10,740 crore in 2013/14 of which renewal premiums contributed  Rs 5,673 crore. ICICI Prudential Life earned  Rs 12,430 crore from its premiums in the same year of which Rs 8,669 crore came from renewals.
Cost efficiencies are also contributing to profits - private life insurers have begun to utilise their branches, employees and agents better. In the 2001 to 2008 period, many of them added agents indiscriminately, and this supported the initial growth. But now the dominant means of distributing life insurance products is tie-ups with banks and other corporate channels. All the big insurers are generating more than 50 per cent of their premiums through low cost banking channel. "Breaking even is also faster with a low cost banking channel," says a private insurer.
The Road Ahead
Pankaj Razdan, who took over at Birla Sun Life last October, believes the relationship-based agency channel will be the dominant one in the future. "Insurers will start investing in agency model."
Selling insurance policies online also offers further scope for cost rationalisation. "The ecosystem is gradually developing," says Bakhshi. "Insurance products are being simplified. It is also now possible to do KYC (know your customer) authentication online." Not everyone agrees. "It is gradually increasing but is still not big enough," says Agarwal. "The total premium mobilised through online sales, including that of LIC, is just Rs 300 crore annually, which is too small." But all are agreed that the potential is immense.
How IRDA's future interventions play out also remains to be seen. "The industry should be nimble-footed and adapt to regulatory changes which are good for the customer," says Bakhshi.
For post 2008 managers like him and Chaudhry, the worst is over. But bringing back growth remains the biggest challenge.

Toyota looks to enhance operations in North-east Indiaautomobile
Japanese car giant Toyota plans to increase operations in India’s North Eastern region, where its sales have grown at double the national average of 3 per cent annually.
The company, which is present in India through a joint venture with Kirloskar group, is looking to set up an area office in the North East considering its rising importance.
“The North East market is currently growing by 6 per cent in our representative segment against a national growth of 3 per cent. It is expected that in the second half of the year, the North East market will show much healthier growth,” Toyota Kirloskar Motor (TKM) Senior Vice President and Director (Sales and Marketing) N. Raja told PTI.
The North East market contributes 20 per cent of the total eastern market, therefore making it very significant region for TKM, he added.
Last month, TKM sold 11,215 units in India, down 6.6 per cent as compared to 12,007 units in August 2013.
With rising sales in the eight states of the North East, the auto maker plans to strengthen presence in the region.
“We do intend to establish an Area Office in Guwahati at the right time in future,” Mr. Raja said without giving any timeline for having the establishment.
Currently, the entire North East market is being addressed out of the East Regional Office in Kolkata.
The company, however, has exclusive sales, service and customer relation personnel in the region.
When asked if the company planned to invest in the region for building capacity or other activities, Mr. Raja said: “...we will study the market and decide accordingly.”
Talking about sales, Mr. Raja said petrol variants of TKM models contribute to around 45 per cent of sales on an average, while diesel ones contribute to about 55 per cent.
“Innova, Etios, Liva, Cross and Fortuner have seen very good response in the North East region. We also have seen growing demand for premium vehicles like Camry and Land Cruiser,” he added.
Comparatively a new entrant in the region, TKM is selling approximately 150 cars per month in North East with Assam contributing the highest at an average of 110 units a month.
Talking about future roadmap, Mr. Raja said: “We are in the process of establishing and stabilising our network in North East. The customers are now getting the touch and feel of world-class quality of Toyota vehicles and at the same time, the exposure to international sales and service infrastructure.”
TKM has six dealerships in the region at Guwahati, Nagaon, Silchar and Dibrugarh in Assam, Dimapur in Nagaland, and Shillong in Meghalaya.

North Korea sentences US man to 6 years of hard laborMatthew Miller, a U.S. citizen, sits on the dock at the Supreme Court during his trial in Pyongyang, North Korea, Sunday, Sept. 14, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Posted: September 14, 2014 7:43 pm
North Korea’s Supreme Court on Sunday sentenced a 24-year-old American man to six years of hard labor for entering the country illegally to commit espionage.
At a trial that lasted about 90 minutes, the court said Matthew Miller, of Bakersfield, California, tore up his tourist visa at Pyongyang’s airport upon arrival on April 10 and admitted to having the “wild ambition” of experiencing prison life so that he could secretly investigate North Korea’s human rights situation.
Miller, who looked thin and pale at the trial and was dressed completely in black, is one of three Americans being held in North Korea.
Showing no emotion throughout the proceedings, Miller waived the right to a lawyer and was handcuffed before being led from the courtroom after his sentencing. The court, comprising a chief judge flanked by two “people’s assessors,” ruled it would not hear any appeals to its decision.
Earlier, it had been believed that Miller had sought asylum when he entered North Korea. During the trial, however, the prosecution argued that was a ruse and that Miller also falsely claimed to have secret information about the US military in South Korea on his iPad and iPod.
Miller was charged under Article 64 of the North Korean criminal code, which is for espionage and can carry a sentence of five to 10 years, though harsher punishments can be given for more serious cases.
A trial is expected soon for one of the other Americans being held, Jeffrey Fowle, who entered the North as a tourist and was arrested in May for leaving a Bible at a sailor’s club in the city of Chongjin. The third American, Korean-American missionary Kenneth Bae, is serving out a 15-year sentence for alleged “hostile acts.”
All three have appealed to the US government to send a senior statesman to Pyongyang to intervene on their behalf.
During a brief interview in Pyongyang last week, Miller said he had written a letter to President Barack Obama but had not received a reply.
Following Sunday’s court verdict, the US State Department urged North Korea to release Miller, as well as Bae and Fowle.
“Now that Mr. Miller has gone through a legal process, we urge the DPRK to grant him amnesty and immediate release,” State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement, using North Korea’s official name, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea.
Fowle, a 56-year-old equipment operator for the city of Moraine, Ohio, said his wife, a hairstylist from Russia, made a written appeal on his behalf to Russian President Vladimir Putin. He said the Russian government responded that it was watching the situation.
The US has repeatedly offered to send its envoy for North Korean human rights issues, continued…

China industrial data damp Asia marketsLast updated: September 15, 2014 7:17 pm
Investors wary after China output data
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/81bbe6a8-3c7f-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian Stocks Tumble as China Anxiety Saps ConfidenceYou are here: Home Market
Asian Stocks Tumble as China Anxiety Saps Confidence
Reuters | Updated On: September 15, 2014 09:56 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Most in Nearly 5 Weeks on Fed, China Woes
Sydney: Asian stocks stumbled to their lowest in five weeks on Monday after a batch of weak data out of China raised the spectre of a sharp slowdown in the world's second-biggest economy.
The Australian dollar, considered a liquid proxy for China plays, also took a hammering and slumped to a six-month low.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan dipped 0.8 per cent to levels last seen on August 8. The index has fallen almost 4 per cent in a little over a week, from a near seven-year peak.
Australia's S&P/ASX 200 index shed 0.7 per cent, South Korea's KOSPI fell 0.3 per cent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng slid 1.1 per cent. Mainland Chinese shares were 0.6 per cent lower.
Japanese financial markets were shut on Monday for a public holiday.
Data released on Saturday showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled.
"This confirms a slowdown in growth momentum in Q3 following the Q2 rebound," analysts at Barclays wrote in a note to clients, adding they have cut their 2014 growth forecast for China to 7.2 per cent from 7.4 per cent.
"Notably, it comes just after recent remarks by Premier Li that the government was comfortable with the current pace of growth, that its focus was on employment instead, and that it would maintain 'prudent' policies."
Indeed, there are worries that Beijing may be reluctant to provide additional stimulus for now, although many suspect the Chinese authorities will be forced to do should growth threaten to undershoot the official 7.5 per cent target significantly.
The bearish Chinese data has added to worries about a 40-percent slide in iron ore prices this year and further soured sentiment for commodity currencies.
Not surprisingly, the Australian dollar came in the cross hairs of sellers, briefly dipping below 90 US cents and extending a decline from 94 cents early this month.
The other major currencies were steadier with the US dollar holding just below a six-year peak of 107.39 yen set on Friday. The euro was flat at $1.2968, having last week slumped to a 14-month trough of $1.2859.
There has been strong demand for the greenback as investors positioned for a slightly more hawkish shift from the Federal Reserve this week at its September 16-17 policy meeting.
This has driven US Treasury yields higher, with the 10-year popping above 2.6 per cent on Friday in its biggest weekly rise in over a year.
"The key question surrounding this week's policy event is whether a widely expected change in FOMC forward guidance is sufficient to re-fuel USD buying," Credit Agricole analysts wrote in a report.
"Having witnessed an already large shift in USD positioning... our answer is no. Indeed while we forecast USD strength to continue throughout Q4, USD demand appears to have gotten ahead of itself with longs (temporarily) over-extended."
Sterling remained on tenterhooks just days out to the September 18 referendum on independence for Scotland, with polls showing both "Yes" and "No" camps pretty much running neck and neck.
A win for the "Yes" campaign could result in the end of the 307-year-old union with England and the break-up of the United Kingdom.
The pound last traded at $1.6244, but remained vulnerable after skidding to a near 10-month low of $1.6052 last week.
Broad US dollar strength coupled with worries about demand knocked crude oil prices lower. US crude fell $1.20 to $91.16 a barrel.
Copper shed 0.7 per cent to $6,787.25 a tonne, while gold reached its lowest in eight months at $1,225.30 an ounce.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

BSE Sensex slips below 27k level  plunges 185 ptsBSE Sensex slipped below the 27,000-mark by falling 185.55 points in early trade. (Reuters)
Mumbai | Posted: September 15, 2014 10:31 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 12:52 pm
Benchmark indices were trading lower on Monday as industrial output showed signs of slowing down.
The BSE benchmark, the Sensex was trading 200.51 points or 0.74% lower at 26,860.53 points, while the NSE’s Nifty was trading 0.69% or 56.20 points lower at 8,049.30 points at 11:00 am IST.
On Friday, data showed that the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) rose 0.5% In July as against 3.9% in the previous month; slowest in four months.
Experts feel markets could see further correction. “We may see further price correction or profit booking, if the Nifty breaks 8050 in the near term. Resistance is at 8250. Support is at 8050 and below that 8000,” Standard Chartered Securities said in a note.
Among sectoral indices, the BSE Metal (-1.28%), BSE Oil & Gas (-0.77%) and BSE Capital Goods (-0.71%) were trading in the red. Among Sensex stocks, Hindalco (-2.85%), Gail (-2.23%) and Tata Steel (-1.96%) were the major losers.
Most Asian indices were trading lower. The Hang Seng (-0.73%), Kospi (-0.24%), Straits Times (-0.27%), Jakarta Composite (-0.24%) and Taiwan Taiex (-0.15%) were trading lower.
NSE Sensex tumbles over 185 points in early trade
The benchmark BSE Sensex tumbled over 185 points to dip below the 27,000-mark in early trade today on selling by funds and retail investors after industrial production growth slowed to 0.5 per cent in July amid a weak trend in the Asian region.
The 30-share barometer slipped below the 27,000-mark by falling 185.55 points, or 0.69 per cent, to 26,875.49 with metal, FMCG, power, capital goods and IT stocks leading the fall.
The index had gained 65.17 points in the previous session on Friday.
On similar lines, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty moved down by 70.95 points, or 0.88 per cent, to trade below the 8,100-mark at 8,034.55.
In the metal sector, stocks of Tata Steel fell 2.19 per cent, Sesa Sterlite Ltd shed 1.33 per cent and Hindalco lost 2.43 per cent in early trade.
Brokers said selling activity emerged largely on disappointing economic data as the country’s industrial production growth slowed to 4-month low of 0.5 per cent in July but easing retail inflation to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July, restricted the fall.
Besides, a weak trend on other Asian bourses after data showing Chinese industrial output expanded in August at its slowest rate since the global financial crisis, influenced the sentiments, they said.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index was down by 0.75 per cent in early trade, while Japan’s financial markets are closed today for a public holiday.

Brent hits 26-mth low under $97 | Gold near ...Analysts have warned of a potential hard landing in China after the country's factory output grew at its slowest pace in nearly six years.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
SINGAPORE: Brent crude slumped to a more than two-year low under $97 per barrel on Monday as lacklustre economic data from China, the world's top energy consumer, cast a shadow on the outlook for oil demand amid abundant global supplies.
Analysts have warned of a potential hard landing at the world's No.2 economy after the country's factory output grew at its slowest pace in nearly six years last month, stoking fears of lower oil demand growth in the key consumer.
October Brent, which expires on Monday, fell to as low as $96.21 a barrel, the weakest since July 2, 2012. It recovered to $96.57 by 0531 GMT, down 54 cents. November Brent
was down around 60 cents at $97.36.
US crude fell $1.05 to $91.22 after earlier touching $90.63 - near a 16-month low of $90.43 hit last week.
"Obviously economic growth in China is one of the key drivers of world growth and generally of oil demand," Ric Spooner, chief market analyst of CMC Markets in Sydney said.
"As it currently stands, it seems likely that the (oil) demand growth won't keep up with the growth in supply capacity."
The Chinese data, which includes a drop in power generation for the first time in four years, came on the heels of downward revisions in 2014-2015 global oil demand growth estimate by the International Energy Agency last week.
On the supply front, Libya's oil production is expected to rise to 1 million barrels a day in October.
"When you look at the overall picture of OPEC, you do see supply coming back online from Libya ," said Phin Ziebell, economist at the National Australia Bank in Melbourne.
"Ultimately Saudi Arabia is swing producer in OPEC and if we see a cut there, then we will see higher oil prices. Whether that transpires or not remains to be seen."
However, Gulf delegates attending a meeting of oil ministers from the region said the price drop was unlikely to spur action from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) unless crude fell below $85 a barrel.
A rally in the US dollar against major currencies has also taken some shine off oil while investors will be closely watching the meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee later this week for clues on when the U.S will raise interest rates.
A stronger greenback makes dollar-denominated oil more expensive for holders of other currencies.
GEOPOLITICAL TENSIONS EYED
Ample supplies and weak demand have hit oil prices in recent weeks, but investors continue to keep an eye on geopolitical tensions for indications of any new threat to supply.
"If we see anything that's a significant threat to Iraqi supply, or threat to the moving of oil and gas to Ukraine , then we could see a larger than normal upside reaction," Spooner said.
U.S and EU imposed fresh sanctions on Moscow last week, not only bringing an abrupt halt to exploration of Russia's huge Arctic and shale oil reserves but also setting rules on tougher financing of existing Russian projects.
Oil companies impacted include Gazprom, Gazprom Neft, Lukoil, Surgutneftegas and Rosneft.
Washington has also garnered support from several countries in the Gulf and Australia to build a coalition to counter Islamic State militants who have grabbed swathes of territories across Syria and Iraq .
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Internet authority to move away from the US ...Internet authority to move away from the US by 2015
By Muntazir Abbas, ET Bureau | 15 Sep, 2014, 10.33AM IST
The US department of commerce announced that it would transfer IANA functions to the global multi-stakeholder community. 
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA), a central repository for Internet protocol names that allocates global IP addresses, is expected to move away from the stewardship of the US National Telecommunications and Information Administration (NTIA) by 2015.
In March 2014, the US department of commerce announced that it would transfer IANA functions to the global multi-stakeholder community. For nearly 16 years, the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) was performing IANA functions under US clout as a contractor.
"The current contract with the NTIA is up for renewal in September 2015, and a transition proposal, based on community consultation should ideally be presented to the NTIA prior to that date," Vice President and Managing Director, ICANN Asia Pacific Kuek Yu-Chuang , told ET.
Kuek, however, said that in a scenario if transition proposal isn't presented or accepted before the contract expires, the NTIA may extend the IANA contract with ICANN as necessary.
ICANN that acts as the IANA functions contractor and global coordinator of the Domain Name System (DNS) and oversees the multi-stakeholder process to develop a proposal for the transition.
The US government stated that the stewardship must not be replaced with a government or an inter-governmental solution and must maintain the openness of the Internet; support the multi-stakeholder model; and preserve the security, stability and resiliency of the Internet DNS.
The multi-stakeholder-designed process that is consensus-driven, participatory, open, and transparent has been initiated by the ICANN. The transition will not affect how the Internet works for any user, the Internet Corporation said, adding that it will continue to administer the IANA functions.
"This is a positive move and gives endorsement to our multi-stakeholder model. The transition will not affect how the Internet works for any user. The development is fulfillment of the US commitment to turn over management of the DNS to the private sector," said Kuek.
The proposed multi-stakeholder process is the only mechanism proven to ensure that Internet remains open and unified and its resources don't rest solely with governments but with a variety of stakeholders invested in the Internet.
Dr Govind, chief executive of the India's National Internet Exchange of India (NIXI) that facilitates exchange of domestic Internet traffic, said that it's a crucial development and a step towards globalization of the Internet.
"Internet governance challenges include complex geopolitical situation. We recognize the role of stakeholders that include private sector, government, civil society and academia in the deliberative decision making process," Govind added.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Eyeing 3-4% growth in FY15: Escorts Agri Machinery08:00 am
Sameer Tandon, Head - National Sales – Tractors,  Escorts Agri Machinery says the company will grow to the tune of 3-4 percent this year as the past few quarters have been quite punishing for the sector.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Tandon says he is hopeful of demand reviving on the account of rainfall and the festive season.
Also read: Tractor financing slightly hit by monsoon deficit: Chola
“We have seen a good amount of rainfall in the past few days and hence the kharif crop is likely to be good. We also see a good demand owing to the festive season,” he says.
The company just recently launched two tractor models in Bangladesh- Farmtrac 6060- Heritage series and Powertrac Diesel-Saver Plus 4450 Euro series.
Tandon hopes to sell 3,500 units of tractors in Bangladesh per year.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Sameer Tandon interview with CNBC-TV18\\'s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy.
Sonia: Can you just take us through this new launch of the tractors in the Bangladesh market. How much do you expect the Bangladesh market to contribute to your overall revenues or to the overall exports, say, in the next 6-12 months?
A: When we ventured into the exports market, we started the launches with Hannover in Germany which we did in November last year and then we had a launch in South Africa and the third launch was in Bangladesh. So, Bangladesh as well is a developing agricultural market where we have a lot of players showing interest and we thought that the tractors which we have just launched, which we call Farmtrac Heritage Series in Europe would find a great market here. So along with that as well we have launched the Powertrac Euro range which as well we launched about last year in India.
Bangladesh would be around 3,500 units type of market. We have a very negligible presence as of now but we hope that we should be able to get to about 10 percent of the market share in an year or two.
Latha: Give us some numbers on the export front. You have begun to do a fairly sturdy 450-470 numbers per month. What might it increase to in 6-12 months?
A: We have not gone into a number game right now. We are still a very small player. What we have been very keenly looking at is we are not looking at typical tractor company from India and only looking at African markets. We started from Europe and in Europe the smaller tractor segment which we make is a very small segment and we are aiming at in the smaller range of these tractors in Europe. We should try to be number one and with that we have started it. So we should be consistent around maybe about 100 or odd number for some time and then we will start looking at exploring into more European countries. 
Escorts stock price
On September 15, 2014, Escorts closed at Rs 153.85, up Rs 6.25, or 4.23 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 158.35 and the 52-week low was Rs 81.40.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 12.65 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 12.16. The latest book value of the company is Rs 149.68 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.03.
RELATED NEWS

Narayana Murthy: What PM Modi should do during his US trip | Full coverageModi has to use data and facts to communicate to Obama and the US Congress how Indian cos are working hard to create job opportunities for US.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
By NR Narayana Murthy
I believe our Prime Minister's visit to the US will be one of his most important foreign trips, if not the most important foreign trip he will make during his tenure as PM. There are several reasons for it.
First, he will have to show that he does not carry any biases from prior transactions. He has already shown that he is a graceful leader even though the US was very discourteous to him when he was the chief minister of Gujarat.
Second, at this stage in India's economic development, we have to build close relations with the US, the No. 1 country in higher education and innovation. The only way we can secure our future is through our focus on becoming increasingly better in higher education, research and innovation. That cannot happen unless we work closely with the US. We have to enhance interactions between students, researchers and academicians of both countries.
Getting Along with No. 1
Third, the US is the only superpower in the world today, with almost nine times our GDP and with a per-capita 33 times ours. The US is also the best example of the power of entrepreneurship enhancing prosperity of its people.
Finally, it is our second-largest trading partner and the largest customer base for our software industry, contributing $40-45 billion to our software exports every year. This figure has to be seen in the context of the recent euphoria in India when Japanese corporations agreed to invest over $35 billion in India over five years.
The software industry has created over 3.2 million jobs, with 2-3 times that number of jobs created in the secondary and tertiary sectors. This industry has raised the image of India much more than all other Indian industries put together. Therefore, any Indian government — whether left, right or centrist — has to carefully nurture this relationship, and make it stronger.
I am sure our PM knows better than most of us how worked up the US Congress is about Indian companies using H1B and L1 visas to bring in Indian labour to service their US clients. This has been a hot issue that has troubled the legislators in the US for some years now. The immigration bill over which there has been much haggling between the Republicans and the Democrats has some onerous clauses for Indian software companies.
Despite all of this, a large number of well-known US corporations depend on our software industry to help them in building their information systems. Therefore, this is an opportune time for our PM to impress upon President Barack Obama the importance of our software industry in making the US corporations even more efficient to benefit their customers not just in their own markets but also in third-country markets. He has to use data and facts to communicate to the president and the pivotal members of the US Congress how Indian companies are working hard to create job opportunities for US citizens and permanent residents.
He has to show data on the nonavailability of talent in the US. He has to show how our software industry is good for the US economy. He has to develop deep friendship with several key members on both sides of the aisle in the Congress. He has the charisma to do it. It is good to invite several important members of the US Congress as state guests to visit India and roll out the red carpet.
Page 1 of 2

RBI governor says investment growth needs to...ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said the latest weak IIP data only underlines the fact that the economy needs a pick up in investment growth and that the recovery is still uneven.
"Friday's data suggest that the recovery is still uneven, but it is in my view this is a recovery from the fairly low levels of growth we had reached. But capital goods production came down once again, durables good production has not picked up..however good auto sales suggest that perhaps that may augur good consumption numbers going forward.
"The monsoon is better than initially thought, exports growth has picked up. But what remains is the investment growth to pick up. Credit numbers haven't picked up as strongly, but part of the reason might be that corporations are using financial markets - the bond and external commercial borrowing markets," the Governor told a bankers summit organised by FICCI here.
Due to lower output from mines, utilities and factories, the July factory output data came down to 0.5 per cent year-on-year, the government data showed on Friday, down from June's revised 3.9 per cent rise. This makes the April-July IIP data at a low 3.3 per cent.
"The bottom line is that while the macro indicators are improving we still have some way to go before we can declare we are out of the woods," Rajan said.
However, he expressed hope that a stable government at the Centre will enable the economy stand out when compared to other emerging market peers.
In the quarter to June, the economy expanded by a more-than-expected 5.7 per cent, igniting hopes of a recovery as in the past two fiscals the GDP grew by sub-5 per cent.

LIVE: Android One smartphoneslaunchPrint
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 11:39 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 11:52 am
Google is all set to launch the first set of affordable Android One smartphones from India on Monday. It has tied up with local manufacturers Micromax, Spice and Karbonn as well as chipmaker MediaTek to bring in smartphones which could be priced around Rs 5,000 to the booming Indian market.
Here are the LIVE updates from the event:

Brent below $97; hits over 2-yr low on China dataAnalysts have warned of a potential hard landing in China after the country's factory output grew at its slowest pace in nearly six years.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
SINGAPORE: Brent crude slumped to a more than two-year low under $97 per barrel on Monday as lacklustre economic data from China, the world's top energy consumer, cast a shadow on the outlook for oil demand amid abundant global supplies.
Analysts have warned of a potential hard landing at the world's No.2 economy after the country's factory output grew at its slowest pace in nearly six years last month, stoking fears of lower oil demand growth in the key consumer.
October Brent, which expires on Monday, fell to as low as $96.21 a barrel, the weakest since July 2, 2012. It recovered to $96.57 by 0531 GMT, down 54 cents. November Brent
was down around 60 cents at $97.36.
US crude fell $1.05 to $91.22 after earlier touching $90.63 - near a 16-month low of $90.43 hit last week.
"Obviously economic growth in China is one of the key drivers of world growth and generally of oil demand," Ric Spooner, chief market analyst of CMC Markets in Sydney said.
"As it currently stands, it seems likely that the (oil) demand growth won't keep up with the growth in supply capacity."
The Chinese data, which includes a drop in power generation for the first time in four years, came on the heels of downward revisions in 2014-2015 global oil demand growth estimate by the International Energy Agency last week.
On the supply front, Libya's oil production is expected to rise to 1 million barrels a day in October.
"When you look at the overall picture of OPEC, you do see supply coming back online from Libya ," said Phin Ziebell, economist at the National Australia Bank in Melbourne.
"Ultimately Saudi Arabia is swing producer in OPEC and if we see a cut there, then we will see higher oil prices. Whether that transpires or not remains to be seen."
However, Gulf delegates attending a meeting of oil ministers from the region said the price drop was unlikely to spur action from the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) unless crude fell below $85 a barrel.
A rally in the US dollar against major currencies has also taken some shine off oil while investors will be closely watching the meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee later this week for clues on when the U.S will raise interest rates.
A stronger greenback makes dollar-denominated oil more expensive for holders of other currencies.
GEOPOLITICAL TENSIONS EYED
Ample supplies and weak demand have hit oil prices in recent weeks, but investors continue to keep an eye on geopolitical tensions for indications of any new threat to supply.
"If we see anything that's a significant threat to Iraqi supply, or threat to the moving of oil and gas to Ukraine , then we could see a larger than normal upside reaction," Spooner said.
U.S and EU imposed fresh sanctions on Moscow last week, not only bringing an abrupt halt to exploration of Russia's huge Arctic and shale oil reserves but also setting rules on tougher financing of existing Russian projects.
Oil companies impacted include Gazprom, Gazprom Neft, Lukoil, Surgutneftegas and Rosneft.
Washington has also garnered support from several countries in the Gulf and Australia to build a coalition to counter Islamic State militants who have grabbed swathes of territories across Syria and Iraq .
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Fed and inflation data to guide market this weekAman Chowdhury
(Trend in investment by overseas…)
NEW DELHI: Indian stock markets will take cues from the US Federal Reserve's monetary policy review and WPI inflation data release due this week, say experts.
Stocks on Monday will react to tepid IIP growth and lower retail inflation figures released after markets closed Friday. Inflation data based on wholesale price index (WPI) for August is expected to be released on Monday at around noon.
Trend in investment by overseas investors, movement of rupee against the dollar and crude oil price would continue to dictate trading in the stock market for the week.
Global markets will track US Federal Reserve's two-day meeting ending on Wednesday. Investors are keen on knowing the US interest rate trajectory as there are concerns that an early hike may lead to capital outflows from emerging markets.
Over the past week, the BSE Sensex gained 34.34 points to close at 27,061.04 and Nifty rose about 19 points to end at 8,105.50.
"This week is going to be an eventful one as market participants will be seen reacting to macro-economic data of IIP and CPI inflation in early trade on Monday, followed by WPI inflation data. Besides, they will be taking note of advance tax payment by listed corporates, which is also due to be released on September 15 and will provide clues about Q2 September corporate earnings.
"Additionally, they would also be eyeing the crucial US Federal Reserve's monetary policy review," said Jayant Manglik, President retail distribution, Religare Securities Limited.
Analysts said while global factors will be key, the local focus will also be on economic data as the RBI is set to review its monetary policy stance on September 30.
Continuing to bet on the government's reforms agenda, overseas investors have pumped in a whopping Rs 17,000 crore in the Indian capital market since the beginning of this month.
"It's raining money for Indian equities and the Indian markets have been the best performers among all emerging economies riding on FII inflows," said Aman Chowdhury , CEO and Co-Founder, Cians Analytics.
While the market mood is positive, a flare-up of tension in the Middle East could hit sentiments.
"Overall markets look positive and trade positions, market activity, derivatives positions, sentiments - all indicate towards a healthy market movement in this week. Sudden tension in US-Syria, Iraq crisis led to downgrade in global risk appetite.
"We may see steep movements in INR/dollar rates, gold prices and equities if the tensions continue to remain aggravated," said Rakesh Goyal , Senior Vice President, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Snowman Logistics gains 5%  locked in upper circuit as big players pick up shares in bulkSnowman Logistics hits upper circuit of 5% as Reliance Mutual Fund buys shares
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 15 Sep, 2014, 11.16AM IST
With players like Damani entering the co, sends out bullish view in mkt. The stock is likely to see more upmove in the coming sessions, say analysts.
Editor's Pick
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Shares of newly listed Snowman Logistics were locked at 5 per cent upper circuit in trade after mutual funds and a big player bought shares in bulk deals on listing day.
According to data available on the NSE, Reliance Mutual Fund tax saver (ELSS) fund bought 16,00,000 shares at Rs 79.80 per share and Reliance Mutual Fund bought 20,00,000 shares at Rs 79.04 per share.
Ace investor Radhakishen Damani's fund Derive Investments also bought 23,70,023 shares at Rs 79.67 a piece.
With players like Damani entering the company, sends out bullish view in the market. The stock is likely to see more upmove in the coming sessions, say analysts.
The stock has surged 75 per cent in just two sessions as it moved to Rs 82.65 from issue price of Rs 47.
At 10:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 82.65, up 5 per cent, on the BSE. There were 19.05 lakh pending buy orders and no sellers in the stock.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Sensex  Nifty struggle; Brent near 2-year low  metals meltSep 15, 2014, 12.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty struggle; Brent near 2-yr low, metals melt
Brent crude is seeing further softening to 26-month lows. Globally, disappointing Chinese data weighs on Asian markets. Traders are also cautious ahead of the FOMC policy decision.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty struggle; Brent near 2-yr low, metals melt
Brent crude is seeing further softening to 26-month lows. Globally, disappointing Chinese data weighs on Asian markets. Traders are also cautious ahead of the FOMC policy decision.
Post your opinion here
11:13
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:55 am Inflation data:  The annual rate of inflation, based on monthly WPI, stood at 3.74 percent (provisional) for the month of August, 2014 (over August,2013) as compared to 5.19 percent (provisional) for the previous month and 6.99 percent during the corresponding month of the previous year. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 3 percent compared to a build up rate of 5.23 percent in the corresponding period of the previous year.
 11:35 am RBI views: With crude oil prices falling globally, the Reserve Bank governor on Monday pitched in for eliminating diesel subsidies completely. However, he cautioned that geopolitical risks -Ukraine and Middle East - continue to remain and these low crude prices may be a temporary phenomenon.
On the macro-economic front, the IIP and CPI data released on Friday point to the fact that recovery is still some time away. But Rajan says India is on path to recovery. He says when compared to other emerging markets, what worked well for India is the emergence of a stable government.
11:20 am Buzzing: Shares of Mastek are roaring with hefty gains after it announced demerger of the insurance products and services business into a separate listed company. The stock soared 15 percent intraday, hitting 4.2 year high at Rs 269.50 per share.
“The board has approved the demerger of the insurance products and services business of into Minefields Computers to be renamed as Majesco followed by transfer of the offshore insurance operations by Majesco to Majesco Software and Solutions India, a wholly owned subsidiary of Majesco Mastek Insurance Software and Solutions,” it said in a press statement issued to the exchanges.
As per the company, Mastek shareholders will get one equity share of Majesco for every equity share held in Mastek, in addition to their existing Mastek shares. It also said that Majesco is proposed to be listed on the BSE and NSE where Mastek is currently listed.
Don't miss: Fortis hits 10% upper circuit; RadLink sale to ease debt
The market continues to slide further with the Nifty struggling below 8050. The 50-share index is down 59.30 points at 8046.20. The Sensex slips 206.23 points at 26854.81.
Brent crude is seeing further softening to 26-month lows. Globally, disappointing Chinese data weighs on Asian markets. Traders are also cautious ahead of the FOMC policy decision.
Data released on Saturday showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled.Indeed, there are worries that Beijing may be reluctant to provide additional stimulus for now, although many suspect the Chinese authorities will be forced to do should growth threaten to undershoot the official 7.5 percent target significantly.
The bearish Chinese data has added to worries about a 40-percent slide in iron ore prices this year and further soured sentiment for commodity currencies.
Metals stocks are under pressure. Hindalco and Tata Steel are major laggards.
Healthcare stocks are still gaining. Cipla is the top Nifty gainer as reports indicate Gilead Sciences is tying up Cipla and Strides for Hepatitis C drug.
 
Nifty breaks 8050; Gail, Hindalco, Tata Steel decline 2-3%
HDFC Bank bucked the trend, up over 1 percent as Managing Director Aditya Puri is affirmative that the growth will get back to 25 percent and even 30 percent growth when the economy gets back to 6-7 percent growth, which he expects by FY16.

Saradha group guilty of running ponzi scheme  says SFIOSaradha Group guilty of running ponzi scheme, to face prosecution: SFIO
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 13:53 IST
Photo: Reuters
Completing its probe into the 'chit fund scam' of 14 Saradha group firms, SFIO on Monday said these companies have been found to be running 'ponzi schemes' and would face prosecution for violation of several laws.
The investigation concluded that the group was using collections from new investors to make payments to the previously-enrolled members, rather than from income generated through investments, in typical resemblance to a ponzi scheme.
Among others, the activities of these companies were found to be in serious violations of the Companies Act, the Sebi Act, and several provisions of the Indian Penal Code, the Corporate Affairs Ministry said in a statement on completion of the SFIO probe .
The Ministry said those companies which have been found to have violated the Sebi regulations for 'collective investment schemes' would be prosecuted for violation of Sebi Act, instead of the Companies Act, as the former carried longer terms of imprisonment.
Besides, prosecution would also be initiated by the state governments for violations of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Scheme (Banning) Act, while the probe report and necessary evidence would be shared with CBI to avoid duplication in prosecutions.
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were defrauded of thousands of crores through illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year and has also had its political ramifications.
The case has also become a political hot potato with Mamata Banerjee-led West Bengal government facing flak from various quarters.
The companies, their promoters, directors and managerial personnel have been found guilty on many counts of various provisions of the Companies Act dealing with illegal collection of deposits and false statements, etc, it said.
 
Several instances of violation of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act, 1978 have also been found.
As prosecution under this law are to be initiated by the State Governments concerned, the Report along with evidence is being shared with the CBI. The Report is also being shared with Sebi for proceeding against companies which were found to be running unauthorised/ illegal Collective Investment Schemes (CIS), the government said.
It said that the Serious Fraud Investigation Office also found evidence of violation of several provisions of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Such Sections are 107 (Abetment of Crime), 120B (Criminal Conspiracy), 403 (Dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (Criminal breach of trust), 409 (Criminal breach of trust by public servant), 415 (Cheating), 418 (Cheating with knowledge that wrongful loss will be caused), 419 (Punishment for cheating by personation) and 477A (Falsification of accounts).
Since, CBI is now investigating cases under the IPC under orders of the Supreme Court, it has been decided to share evidence collected by the SFIO with CBI so as to avoid duplication in prosecutions, the government said.
In the wake of public protests, the Ministry also asked SFIO in April 2013 to probe the case.
The agency, which looks into white collar crimes and violations of companies law, investigated more than 60 companies in this regard.
The probe agency had questioned many people including leaders from the Trinamool Congress party, while Saradha Group chief Sudipta Sen and some others were put behind the bars.
An interim report was submitted by SFIO in September 2013. Sebi had also passed an order against Saradha Realty in April last year, soon after massive protests by public investors began in West Bengal. The company was asked by Sebi to refund the investors' money, among other strictures.

Need to lower inflation before cutting rates: RaghuramRajanRBI Governor Rajan has said that the central bank wants to bring down interest rates when it is 'feasible'.
Reuters | Mumbai | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:01 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 2:02 pm
Stating that it is not just food prices that are persistently high but even those of other items which remain elevated, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said prices across the board have to come down to enable him to reduce key rates.
“Inflation is high not only in food, but also in non-food items and the best solution for the country is to bring it down. Then I can cut interest rates,” Rajan told bankers at a summit organised by industry body Ficci here.
“I have no desire to keep interest rates high for even a second longer. I want to bring down interest rates when it is feasible and that would be when we have won the fight against inflation,” he said.
“There is no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation pick-up again,” Rajan said, adding that right now he thinks the central bank is continuing the way it proposed recently.
Taking a dig at the industry for its persistent demand to cut lending rates even when there is a price increase in the sector, the Governor asked them to bring down prices.
“When you do that then we will do that, we have no problem. Clearly you will have no consensus on this,” he said.
The August wholesale price inflation sharply declined to a near five-year low of 3.74 per cent on declining prices of vegetables and other food articles from 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August 2013.
However, the consumer price inflation which the RBI has adopted as a monetary policy gauge, still remains high. For August, it inched down marginally to 7.8 per cent from 7.96 per cent a month earlier.
The RBI is targeting retail inflation of eight per cent by January next year and six per cent by January 2016.

Russia to create anti-crisis fund to aid sanctions-hitcompaniesPrint
Reuters | Moscow | Posted: September 15, 2014 11:58 am
Russia’s Finance Ministry will create a multi-billion dollar anti-crisis fund in 2015 to aid those companies hit by sanctions, Russian news agencies cited Finance Minister Anton Siluanov as saying on Monday.
The money would be made available by blocking for a second year running transfers of funds from the federal budget into the Pension Fund and would also use a sum of money left in this year’s budget.
The decision to stop transferring money to the Pension Fund should give the budget an extra 309 billion roubles, Siluanov was quoted as saying.

Saradha was running ponzi schemes; to face prosecution:SFIOApart from 14 Saradha group firms, the SFIO had also probed entities from various other groups including Rose Valley. (PTI)
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 11:55 am
Completing its probe into ‘chit fund scam’ of 14 Saradha group firms, SFIO today said these companies have been found to be running ‘ponzi schemes’ and would face prosecution for violation of several laws.
The investigation concluded that the group was using collections from new investors to make payments to the previously-enrolled members, rather than from income generated through investments, in typical resemblance to a ponzi scheme.
Among others, the activities of these companies were found to be in serious violations of the Companies Act, the Sebi Act, and several provisions of the Indian Penal Code, the Corporate Affairs Ministry said in a statement on completion of the SFIO probe.
The Ministry said those companies which have been found to have violated the Sebi regulations for ‘collective investment schemes’ would be prosecuted for violation of Sebi Act, instead of the Companies Act, as the former carried longer terms of imprisonment.
Besides, prosecution would also be initiated by the state governments for violations of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Scheme (Banning) Act, while the probe report and necessary evidence would be shared with CBI to avoid duplication in prosecutions.
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were defrauded of thousands of crores through illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year and has also had its political ramifications.
The case has also become a political hot potato with Mamata Banerjee-led West Bengal government facing flak from various quarters.
“The companies, their promoters, directors and managerial personnel have been found guilty on many counts of various provisions of the Companies Act… dealing with illegal collection of deposits and false statements, etc”, it said.
“Several instances of violation of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act, 1978 have also been found. As prosecution under this law are to be initiated by the State Governments concerned, the Report along with evidence is being shared with the CBI.
“The Report is also being shared with Sebi for proceeding against companies which were found to be running unauthorised/ illegal Collective Investment Schemes (CIS),” the government said.
It said that the Serious Fraud Investigation Office also found evidence of violation of several provisions of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
“Such Sections are 107 (Abetment of Crime), 120B (Criminal Conspiracy), 403 (Dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (Criminal breach of trust), 409 (Criminal breach of trust by public servant), 415 (Cheating), 418 (Cheating with knowledge that wrongful loss will be caused), 419 (Punishment for cheating by personation) and 477A (Falsification of accounts).
“Since, CBI is now investigating cases under the IPC under orders of the Supreme Court, it has been decided to share evidence collected by the SFIO with CBI so as to avoid duplication in prosecutions,” the government continued…

Android One Launch: Live | Support for 7 other languages: PichaiIt's a tough battle and Google needs to step up the Android One game. There is nothing that sets these devices apart anymore.
02:26 PM
Canvas A1: The Android One smartphone from Micromax
02:04 PM
The first set of Android one devices are Micromax Canvas A1, Spice Dream Uno and Karbonn Sparkle V - all priced between Rs 6,000 - 7,000.
01:49 PM
Qualcomm is the new hardware partner for the Android One Program
Chipset manufacturer Qualcomm is the new hardware partner for the Android One Program which means that future devices will likely see Qualcomm processors in addition to the current Mediatek.
01:45 PM
Sundar Pichai also announced the next set of partners for Android One handsets. This includes Acer, Alcatel, ASUS, HTC, Intex, Lava, Lenovo, Panasonic and Xolo.
01:44 PM
The smartphones will go on sale starting 3.30pm today and they will also be available across physical stores from October 2014 onwards near Diwali.
01:44 PM
Spice will be available on Flipkart, Karbonn will sell on Amazon India and Micromax’s offering can be purchased from Snapdeal.
01:44 PM
Each brand has been paired with one ecommerce website an exclusive tie-up
01:43 PM
Airtel users can download Android software updates over 3G as well as 200MB worth of apps per month for six months at no cost>
01:43 PM
Google has also partnered with various network operators on special data packages for Android One users
01:41 PM
In terms of specifications, all the three manufactures have adhered to the minimum requirements set by Google.
The phones have a 4.5-inch display (845 x 480 pixels), dual SIM support and run a stock version of Android 4.4.
Hardware specifications include a quad core Mediatek processor, 1GB RAM, 4GB storage, microSD card for expansion (up to 32GB supported) and dual cameras.
This specification set ensures a fluid experience for the user, as opposed to many cheaper Android phones that are already available in the market.   >
01:40 PM
The first set of Android one devices are Micromax Canvas A1 , Spice Dream Uno and Karbonn Sparkle V – all priced between Rs 6,000 – 7,000.
01:16 PM
As Chennai boy Sundar Pichai announces Android One for India. Here is what makes him special:
Pichai, who has an educational background in business administration, has worked for Google since 2004.
He started as a product manager for Google Toolbar, an extension that Internet Explorer users could install for making quick Google searches.
He proved he could build strong relationships with other companies and managed to grow Toolbar's user base to about one in four web users by 2006.
Many Google employees picture Pichai as being the next CEO. He's like the Tim Cook to Apple's Steve Jobs: Not necessarily a man with a grand creative vision about how the company will change the world, but one that knows how to lead.
01:09 PM
4 billion people have no Internet access, while 1 billion are in India. Pichai says that AndroidOne will help India catch up
12:48 PM
What is Android One?
Android One is a program announced by Google's head of Android, Chrome web browser and apps Sundar Pichai back in June which promised rich smartphone experience on low-cost devices as Google will set minimum standards on hardware and software to be used by handset makers.
12:47 PM
By controlling hardware and software, akin to what Apple does, Google aims to bring user experience found on high-end smartphones to the affordable end of the device spectrum.
12:38 PM
Airtel, Reliance Communications to offer bundled data packs with Android One smartphones
Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communications are likely to offer bundled data plans with the Android One smartphones, bolstering Google's efforts in making mobile Internet more affordable in India, the fourth largest smartphone market globally after China, US & Brazil, with 111 million users.
12:35 PM
Smartphone Market Stats
Samsung is the leader with 29% market share, while Micromax holds 18% and Karbonn holds 8% shares. The Android One devices could propel the Indian brands further up in the market.
12:34 PM
India will be the ground zero for Google's Android One initiative over the next few months.
12:33 PM
Expectations from these devices, which are low-cost, are sky high since they come with Android experience.
12:20 PM
Google launches Android One, smartphones to be priced at around Rs 6,399
Android One will come bundled with local language support for Hindi, which is the first language for over 40% of the Indian population. Indian users will be able to give voice commands, type messages and use almost all major mobile applications in Hindi.
12:17 PM
More Android One devices to come in following months, above and below price band of Rs 6,300
12:08 PM
Google plans to expand Android One to Indonesia, Phillippines and other South Asian countries by the end of 2014 and in more countries in 2015.
12:06 PM
Facebook will benefit as much as Google as new smartphone users will also log into the former's popular social networking and messenger applications.
12:04 PM
11:55 AM
Micromax, Karbonn and Spice are the first set of manufacturers to participate in the Android One program
11:54 AM
Will Android One be a game-changer for low-cost smartphone market in India?
Yes

Saradha to face prosecution for violating se...Saradha Group was running ponzi schemes; to face prosecution: SFIO
By PTI | 15 Sep, 2014, 11.33AM IST
0
Share More
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were defrauded of thousands of crores through illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year and has also had its political ramifications.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Completing its probe into 'chit fund scam' of 14 Saradha group firms, SFIO today said these companies have been found to be running 'ponzi schemes' and would face prosecution for violation of several laws.
The investigation concluded that the group was using collections from new investors to make payments to the previously-enrolled members, rather than from income generated through investments, in typical resemblance to a ponzi scheme.
Among others, the activities of these companies were found to be in serious violations of the Companies Act, the Sebi Act, and several provisions of the Indian Penal Code, the Corporate Affairs Ministry said in a statement on completion of the SFIO probe.
The Ministry said those companies which have been found to have violated the Sebi regulations for 'collective investment schemes' would be prosecuted for violation of Sebi Act, instead of the Companies Act, as the former carried longer terms of imprisonment.
Besides, prosecution would also be initiated by the state governments for violations of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Scheme (Banning) Act, while the probe report and necessary evidence would be shared with CBI to avoid duplication in prosecutions.
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were defrauded of thousands of crores through illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year and has also had its political ramifications.
The case has also become a political hot potato with Mamata Banerjee-led West Bengal government facing flak from various quarters.
"The companies, their promoters, directors and managerial personnel have been found guilty on many counts of various provisions of the Companies Act... dealing with illegal collection of deposits and false statements, etc", it said.
"Several instances of violation of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act, 1978 have also been found. As prosecution under this law are to be initiated by the State Governments concerned, the Report along with evidence is being shared with the CBI.
"The Report is also being shared with Sebi for proceeding against companies which were found to be running unauthorised/ illegal Collective Investment Schemes (CIS)," the government said.
It said that the Serious Fraud Investigation Office also found evidence of violation of several provisions of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
"Such Sections are 107 (Abetment of Crime), 120B (Criminal Conspiracy), 403 (Dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (Criminal breach of trust), 409 (Criminal breach of trust by public servant), 415 (Cheating), 418 (Cheating with knowledge that wrongful loss will be caused), 419 (Punishment for cheating by personation) and 477A (Falsification of accounts).
"Since, CBI is now investigating cases under the IPC under orders of the Supreme Court, it has been decided to share evidence collected by the SFIO with CBI so as to avoid duplication in prosecutions," the government said.
In the wake of public protests, the Ministry also asked SFIO in April 2013 to probe the case. The agency, which looks into white collar crimes and violations of companies law, investigated more than 60 companies in this regard.
The probe agency had questioned many people including leaders from the Trinamool Congress party, while Saradha Group chief Sudipta Sen and some others were put behind the bars. An interim report was submitted by SFIO in September 2013.
Sebi had also passed an order against Saradha Realty in April last year, soon after massive protests by public investors began in West Bengal. The company was asked by Sebi to refund the investors' money, among other strictures.
Announcing the completion of its probe into the affairs of 14 companies of the Saradha Group of Companies, the SFIO said that this had come to be known as the 'Chit Fund Scam' and involved a number of schemes carrying unrealistic high rates of interest.
However, these entities were not actually registered as chit funds.
"The investigation has concluded that schemes run by such companies were 'Ponzi Schemes' -- that is arrangements where the primary source of payment to subscribers is the collections made from newly enrolled members rather than from income generated from investments," it added.
The SFIO has found serious financial mismanagement and siphoning off funds by promoters of various companies of Saradha group that were probed in this case.
In May this year, the Supreme Court had handed over the Saradha chit fund scam probe to the CBI and asked the state governments to provide all logistical help to the CBI team investigating the matter.
While there are allegations that some Trinamool Congress leaders are involved in the scam, the party recently said that the Chief Minister would support any unbiased investigation.
Apart from 14 Saradha group firms, the SFIO had also probed entities from various other groups including Rose Valley, Icore E-Services and Sunshine India Land Developers.
The Corporate Affairs Ministry, while ordering the SFIO probe last April, had said the decision was taken in view of the larger public interest involved in such cases, "and concerns regarding misuse/laundering by such companies of the ill-gotten wealth and the possibility that the promoters of these companies may strip these companies".
Even though state governments are appropriate authorities for regulations of "chit fund" companies under the Chit Funds Act 1982, the MCA had ordered a probe in April after a huge public outcry over Saradha scam in West Bengal.
Following the scam, efforts are being made to strengthen co-ordination between various agencies to curb ponzi schemes and safeguard the interests of investors.
Regulatory agencies such as Sebi and the Reserve Bank and those under the MCA also launched media campaigns aimed at cautioning investors not to fall prey to fraudulent companies.
With recent amendments to Sebi Act, the capital market watchdog has got more powers to crack down on fraudulent money pooling schemes. Among others, collective investment schemes worth Rs 100 crore or more are now under Sebi jurisdiction.
Besides, Sebi has taken action against many entities for running unauthorised money pooling activities, having raised funds totalling to the tune of over Rs 1 lakh crore.

Bhushan directed to give name of whistleblower in sealed envelopeNew Delhi, September 15, 2014
Updated: September 15, 2014 13:35 IST
Reveal source of documents against CBI director: SC
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu A view of the Supreme Court of India in New Delhi. The Supreme Court on Monday directed its registry to keep all documents and affidavits filed by Mr. Sinha in sealed cover and deposit it with Secretary General for safe custody. File photo: Monica Tiwari
TOPICS
crime, law and justice
The Supreme Court on Monday directed advocate Prashant Bhushan, who has levelled allegations against CBI Director Ranjit Sinha of protecting accused in the 2G case, to reveal the name of the whistleblower from whom he got CBI documents and guest list at the top cop’s residence.
A bench headed by Justice H L Dattu asked Mr. Bhushan to name the whistleblower in the sealed envelope on the next date of hearing and said that it will go into the merits of allegations after knowing the source of information, as it may have ramification on the reputation of the director and also affect the ongoing trial in the 2G scam.
It said that the affidavit filed by Mr. Bhushan is not in consonance with the Supreme Court rules and asked him to reveal the source from whom he got all the documents.
The director questioned the very existence of the diary before the apex court and said that 90 per cent of the entries were fudged though some entries may be genuine.
Advocate Vikash Singh, appearing for the top cop, submitted that somebody else is controlling the proceedings in the case and raised questions on how a media group published a story in advance that Bhushan will be depositing the original guest list before the apex court.
He alleged that a corporate house is working behind all these controversies and it is intended to benefit the accused in the 2G scam.
The bench also wanted to know the stand of CBI in the controversy but the senior advocate K K Venugopal, appearing for the agency, refused to get into it, saying that it is a matter between advocate Prashant Bhushan and the director.
It then directed its registry to keep all documents and affidavits filed by the CBI director in a sealed cover and deposit them with the Secretary General for safe custody.
The apex court posted the matter for further hearing on September 22.

Wholesale Inflation Falls to Near 5-year Low of 3.74%Wholesale price inflation in August eased to 3.74 per cent, its lowest level in nearly five years, government data showed on Monday. An easing in food and fuel prices helped the August inflation cool off significantly.
In July, wholesale prices rose 5.19 per cent year-on-year, their slowest pace in five months.
During August, food inflation eased to 5.15 per cent against 8.43 per cent in July, aided by a 44.70 per cent year-on-year fall in onion prices.
The fuel and power inflation eased to 4.54 per cent in August against 7.40 per cent in July. A sharp fall in Brent crude prices saw petrol prices cut thrice in August. There are expectations that diesel prices may be cut for the first time in seven years. India imports three-fourth of its oil needs and a strong rupee helps cut import bill. The relative stability of the rupee against the dollar has also helped bring down the landed cost of crude.
(Read:  Diesel Price May Be Cut, First In 7 Years )
The Reserve Bank of India's next policy review meet is scheduled for September 30. Retail inflation, which the RBI tracks for setting lending rates, edged down marginally to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent a month earlier. The retail inflation data was released on Friday.
DK Joshi, senior director & chief economist at CRISIL, said he does not expect the Reserve Bank cutting rates soon. The RBI will watch the inflation trend for a few months before taking any decision, he said.
The reading for June WPI inflation was revised to 5.66 per cent from 5.43 per cent earlier. (With inputs from Reuters)
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 13:01 (IST)

6 years post-Lehman bust: Why global economy is still shakySep 15, 2014, 12.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
6 years post-Lehman bust: Why global economy is still shaky
Six years after Lehman Brothers collapsed, the global economy continues to face various risks, some because authorities either did not do enough to fight the worst global recession since the Great Depression, some because they did too much.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
6 years post-Lehman bust: Why global economy is still shaky
Six years after Lehman Brothers collapsed, the global economy continues to face various risks, some because authorities either did not do enough to fight the worst global recession since the Great Depression, some because they did too much.
Post your opinion here
 
On this day six years ago, one of oldest institutions in modern financial history, Lehman Brothers, passed away, having become a victim of the subprime crisis that once threatened to consume the entire global economy.
But for some bold action on the part of the US government and the Federal Reserve, the consensus view is that the global economy would have been far worse off than what it is today.
Even so, it continues to face various risks, some because authorities either did not do enough to fight the worst global recession since the Great Depression, some because they did too much.
Here are some of those.
Monetary policy risks
The first risk that the global economy faces is certainly some of the potential unintended consequences of the actions global central banks have undertaken since the 2008 collapse.
After cutting down short-term lending rates to zero, central banks across the developed world have resorted to innovative methods of trying to boost demand such as quantitative easing.
This has resulted in, in the US’s case, the Federal Reserve’s balance sheet expanding from USD 880 billion in 2008 to about USD 4.7 trillion recently.
Experts, from investing guru Warren Buffett to bond king Bill Gross, believe that the unprecedented scale of money-printing, while necessary to fight the economic slowdown, could contribute to the making of another crisis.
This could be either loss of investors’ confidence in the ability of even developed sovereign nations to pay their increased amounts of debts, as was witnessed during the European crisis of 2012, or come in the form of a hyper-inflationary spiral. Or, as can be expected of most Black Swans (or rare events), come from entirely unexpected quarters.
Weak economy
The second risk that the global economy faces is that perhaps even the most daring monetary policy experiment in financial history may have been enough to stave off the bust that it caused.
Therefore, some argue that the Fed wanting to “taper” its ultra-loose monetary policy could result in economies falling back into the brink, as evidenced during a mini ‘Taper scare’ when stock markets sold off violently after the Fed said it may exit sooner rather than later.
The argument that QE globally is too less rather than too much has got backing from economic data that has been emanating from the Eurozone, which embarked on an “austerity” drive over the past few years, driven by conservative economic thinking, and where recovery has been much weaker since 2008 compared to the US.
Lack of structural reforms
The idea of using monetary stimulus to fight a slowdown, as suggested by the legendary economist John Maynard Keynes, was that it could serve as a sort of support tool to buy time for governments, who could use the breathing space to carry out structural reforms to their economies.
But even as the US, for instance, has carried out some reforms to prevent another such crisis, such as passing the Dodd-Frank Act, experts believe that the US has not moved swiftly enough – bankers proved to have indulged in moral hazard continue to enjoy outsized influence on Wall Street, for instance -- and in absence the buck has passed on to the Fed for a prolonged period of time.
Possibility of market bubble
Even as economic recovery continues to remain mixed, some believe that the market – equity as well as debt – has run ahead of fundamentals even as stocks globally have mostly taken out their 2007 highs while bond yields continue to trade at record lows.
Even as markets continue to factor in a Goldilocks scenario and volatility is at a multi-year low, some experts believe in the likelihood of any of the above-mentioned risks playing out, stocks as well as bonds could take a severe beating, possibly also leading to a cascading effect on the global economy.
RELATED NEWS

Mangalam Cement: Outcome of AGMSep 15, 2014, 12.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mangalam Cement: Outcome of AGM
Mangalam Cement Ltd has informed BSE that the 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mangalam Cement: Outcome of AGM
Mangalam Cement Ltd has informed BSE that the 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Mangalam Cement Ltd has informed BSE that the 38th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Sensex regains 27 000-markAP The Sensex and the Nifty opened the session marginally in the green amid weak Asian cues on Friday. File photo
TOPICS
stock exchanges
Stocks of consumer durables, PSU, IT, infrastructure and FMCG sectors led the recovery.
The benchmark BSE Sensex on Friday regained the 27,000-mark by rising over 53 points in early trade, snapping its three-session falling streak, as participants made selective buying ahead of the industrial output data for July and retail inflation numbers for August.
Stocks of consumer durables, PSU, IT, infrastructure and FMCG sectors led the recovery.
The 30-share index gained 53.27 points, or 0.20 per cent, to trade above the 27,000-level at 27,049.14. It had lost nearly 324 points in the past three sessions.
The National Stock Exchange Nifty moved up by 12.50 points, or 0.15 per cent, to 8,098.20.
Brokers said fresh buying by speculators and funds ahead of industrial production (IIP) data for July and inflation for August, to be released later in the day, contributed to the rise.
Besides, a mixed trend in other Asian markets influenced trading sentiments, they said.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong’s Hang Seng was down 0.36 per cent while Japan’s Nikkei rose 0.39 per cent in early trade today.
The U.S. Dow Jones Industrial Average ended 0.12 per cent lower in on Thursday’s trade.

The compulsive browser: Spy vs Spyauthors and poets
The break-up of the Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War were not good news for spy fiction writers, as it meant losing their biggest source of inspiration.
For some time, their attention shifted to the drug wars, the Israel-Arab conflict  and  corporate crime but 9/11 changed all that and with the Arab Spring, Iran, Iraq, Isis, Gaza, Putin's resurgent Russia, Wikileaks and NSA whistleblowers, there is enough out there to inspire the new crop of writers.
Political columnist and CIA expert David Ignatius' novels have always been noted for their authenticity and his latest The Director is no exception. Graham Weber, a former businessman, is entrusted with the task of reforming the CIA as its new director. But he soon finds himself drawn into a culture of lies and deception in which he is not able to trust anyone. A crisis looms as a young hacker dies without revealing information about a serious breach in the agency's systems, while the agent entrusted with the task of investigating the crime goes missing. Through all this, Weber must find a way to balance his liberal instincts with the demands of his job where breaking the law of other countries is part of the daily routine.
Ignatius draws the reader into the geeky world of hacking and cyber crime while giving us a history lesson on the origins and the working of the CIA which was apparently set up with the help of the British Secret Service MI5 to serve their aims in a post-war world. While Ignatius clearly may not have set out to write an edge-of-the-seat thriller, tighter editing would have contributed to a more gripping read. If you have not read Ignatius before, his previous novels Blood Money or Body of Liesmight serve as a better introduction.
For a long time, I have been meaning to read Daniel Silva's thrillers featuring the art restorer and forger Gabriel Allon, who also happens to be an assassin and spy for the Israeli agency Mossad. In  The Heist,Allon is drawn into an investigation regarding a missing Caravaggio masterpiece and the trail leads him to a bank  that is managing the ill-gotten funds of the ruling family of Syria. This is the 14th novel in the series and fans will find all the familiar ingredients of a compelling cast of characters that includes spies, assassins, dodgy art dealers, Corsican gangsters, Russian Oligarchs, bankers and forgers, and a plot that mixes art history and  espionage against the backdrop of the current Syrian crisis. The Heist is as good a place to be introduced to Allon, who is certainly one of the most fascinating fictional spies in the game today.
In I Am Pilgrimby Terry Hayes, the plot is driven by two fascinating characters, a former U.S spy code-named Pilgrim who has written the definitive book on crime investigation, while the other is an Arab Jehadi known as the Saracen.  
In a race against time, Pilgrim has to stop the Saracen from carrying out a horrifying biological act of terrorism against the U.S . But as the Saracen is working solo, the hunt is like finding a needle in a haystack. Hayes, a screenwriter whose credits include the Mad Max films, revels in fleshing out the back stories of these two characters as this debut novel builds to a thrilling climax.  
But I have saved the best for last. Red Sparrow by Jason Mathew is easily one of the best spy novels I have read in a long time and I state this after a fortnight of high-quality thriller reading. It is also one of the quirkiest as each chapter ends with a recipe of a dish featured in the text! Here again, the action centres around two protagonists, a Russian spy and former ballerina, Dominika Egorov, who has extra sensory powers, and a CIA agent Nate Nash.
 The Russians know that Nate is the handler of a senior mole in their own secret service codenamed Marble. So Dominika's mission is to ensnare Nate through a 'honey trap' in order to unmask Marble.  Former CIA agent Mathews brings all his 30-odd years of experience in the field to bear in this gripping cat and mouse game, which deservedly won this year's International Thriller Writers Award for best debut novel.  Not surprisingly, a sequel is in the works and it would be interesting to watch if Mathews can sustain this level of writing and join the pantheon of former-spies-turned-thriller-writers that includes John Le Carré and Ian Fleming.

A giant peach for the one who gave usUpdated: September 13, 2014 01:07 IST
A giant peach for the one who gave us…
NEETI SARKAR
The Hindu A still from the animated english film "James and the giant peach" on star movies.
The Hindu Endless fun across media: Books, movies, television and Broadway
The Hindu Endless fun across media: Books, movies, television and Broadway
The Hindu Endless fun across media: Books, movies, television and Broadway
The Hindu Endless fun across media: Books, movies, television and Broadway
The Hindu Matilda
children's books
Charlie, Matilda, BFG and sundry disgusterous creatures. On Roald Dahl Day, we salute the man who found that a little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men
When your music teacher cousin gets his students to understand the importance of reading through the song, “So, please, oh please, we beg, we pray, go throw your TV set away, and in its place you can install, a lovely bookcase on the wall,” there was a deluge of memories of summer vacations with Roald Dahl.
On his birth anniversary and Roald Dahl Day, we talk to fans about the man who found that “a little nonsense now and then is relished by the wisest men.”
Krupa Paulson, manager of a NGO says: “My all-time favourite Dahl book is Matilda. Like he said, ‘If you have good thoughts they will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely’.”
Dean Lobo, an instructional designer chooses “Charlie and the Chocolate Factory because of the simple yet ingenious storytelling that Dahl employs to tell us good comes with being humble and caring, and what happens when one is selfish, greedy and capitalistic.”
He adds: “Dahl will always be my favourite for the brilliance with which he delved into the innocent, yet deep perspective of a child, which his illustrator, Quentin Blake so beautifully complemented with his doodle-like illustrations. Not to forget the funny and creative adjectives Dahl invented to aid his storytelling!”
Sandra Oberoi, singer, musician and founder of Harmony Music School, Koramangala, says: “Imaginative, creative, intriguing, passionate, captivating- these are just some words that pop into my mind when I think of Roald Dahl's stories. His writing captures the reader’s attention from the very beginning. Anyone who has read his books finds something they can relate to, something that appeals to them. My choral ensemble, The Harmony Children’s Choir, will perform two songs from Matilda as part of Cadence, a concert featuring Broadway hits, in November.” Her 11-year-old daughter, Tiara, is also a fan of Dahl. She says: “He was able to portray all the feelings of the characters with great detail in his books. He could think up idea after idea and make the reader imagine every scene while reading. He has a unique sense of humour and writes with a fun twist that makes me want to go back to reading his books over and over again. I love his work. Happy birthday Roald Dahl!”
“What I admire most about Dahl’s writing is that he developed a language of his own,” says Jeremy Dawson, a freelance writer. “This gobblefunk includes words he uses when his world of imagination transcended regular adjectives. That is also why The BFG (Big Friendly Giant) is my all-time favourite read. It is packed with gobblefunk. Since I studied in an all boy’s school, ‘bogglebox’ was a word we used a lot. My other favourite words include ‘crodscollop’, ‘phizz-whizzing’ and ‘whoopsy-splunkers.’ His books transported me into new worlds and introduced me to amazing people who lived exciting lives.”
Children were always the heroes of his stories and their triumph over evil adults is common in his books. “Roald Dahl also told some gory stories but he did it in a way that nobody else can,” says Radha Singh, a teacher. “Whether it was about disgusterous creatures or blood-sucking giants, he has always had his reader captivated.”
About seven decades ago Dahl began entertaining children with his books that had Oompa Loomps, poisnowse and grisly creatures, witches, quagwinkles and crabcrunchers, among others. He spoke to children through the children in his books. And while his short stories and screenplays have a colossal fan following, the child in us will always cherish his children’s books which are the best companions, on the porch or on a train, when you’ve had a ringbeller or a trogglehumper. It’s been 24 years since his passing, but through his works, the time-widdler and his tales live on!

More on the debate over Scottish secessionBy Ilya Somin September 13
The Dish blog has a helpful roundup of commentary on the debate over the potential effects of Scottish secession. A key question is whether an independent Scotland will be able to pursue more left-wing economic policies than the present United Kingdom, as Scottish nationalists hope , or whether it will instead have to move in the opposite direction due to the loss of UK subsidies and tax and regulatory competition from England. University of Chicago Law Professor Eric Posner and some other commentators seem to expect that Scotland would be able to build a bigger welfare state than it currently has. As Posner puts it, “[t]he Scots would be able to govern themselves however they want—and that includes putting into place the more generous welfare state that the more right-leaning English public has denied them.”
I am not so sure. An independent Scotland could instead end up following the lead of Slovakia, which broke away from the Czech Republic in large part because the Slovaks preferred a more interventionist economic policy . But, in reality, the loss of Czech subsidies led independent Slovakia to adopt more free market policies than it had before, which were a major cause of the country’s economic success over the last twenty years. If an independent Scotland moves in the same direction as Slovakia did, I – as a libertarian – very much welcome the prospect (especially since it would also probably result in more free market policies in the remaining UK, which would be left with a less left-wing electorate ). But I recognize that this is by no means the only plausible scenario that might emerge as a result of Scottish secession.
Whether independent Scotland ends up with a larger welfare state than it has now or a smaller one depends in large part on whether the Scots will be able to finance higher government spending with North Sea oil revenue . Oil production in that region has declined 40% over the last four years , so this may well be a wasting asset. Its future prospects are unclear . It is also far from certain whether the British government will simply let Scotland keep all of the oil, as opposed to insisting on a division proportional to Scotland’s percentage of the UK population.
Scotland’s future economic policies and prospects may also be heavily affected by the reactions of the rump UK and the European Union to independence . If the EU refuses to grant Scotland automatic admission, or if the UK refuses to allow free trade and freedom of movement between the two countries, Scotland could be seriously harmed. I think these dangerous scenarios are relatively unlikely, but perhaps they cannot be discounted completely.
These calculations may become moot if the “no” side wins the Scottish referendum after all, as some new polls suggest . But even if Scotland remains part of the UK, it may well end up with much greater autonomy than it enjoys currently. In an effort to persuade Scots to stay in the Union, all of the major British political parties ( Labor, Liberal Democrats , and Conservatives ) have floated “devo max” proposals that would give the Scottish parliament much greater control over economic and social policy. Some increased devolution is likely to happen in the event of a “no” vote. If some version of “devo max” does get implemented, it might raise some of the same issues as independence would. For example, the rest of the UK might not be willing to subsidize Scotland as much as it does currently, if the Scots are pursuing their own separate policies on major issues.
Regardless of the outcome of next week’s vote, the UK may never return to the pre-referendum status quo. At this point, all we can say for sure is that it will be an interesting case study for students of federalism and secession.
Ilya Somin is Professor of Law at George Mason University. His research focuses on constitutional law, property law, and popular political participation. He is the author of "The Grasping Hand: Kelo v. City of New London and the Limits of Eminent Domain" (forthcoming) and "Democracy and Political Ignorance: Why Smaller Government is Smarter."
  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, includesorts=true, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, childrenitemsperpage=3, includeheader=true, includeverifiedcommenters=true, defaulttab=all, includerecommend=true, includereport=true, maxitemstop=2, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410642402/1410642402000/1410642402 tracking: {authors=Ilya Somin, blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=more-on-the-debate-over-scottish-secession, post_id=13476, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: true published_date:Sep 13, 2014 9:06:42 PM close date: Sep 27, 2014 9:06:42 PM

IS  Hamas  al-Qaeda branches of same poisonous tree: NetanyahuPrint
Press Trust of India | Jerusalem | Posted: September 14, 2014 5:33 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 5:34 pm
Warning against the rising tide of extremism, Israel’s Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Sunday said fundamentalists groups Islamic State, Hamas, al-Qaeda, the Nusra Front, Boko Haram and Hezbollah, supported by Iran, as “branches of the same poisonous tree”.
“IS and Hamas and al-Qaeda and al-Nusra and Boko Haram and Hezbollah, supported by Iran; they’re branches of the same poisonous tree. It’s the same ideology with minor nuances,” Netanyahu said while speaking to a visiting Israel Bonds Leadership Delegation.
“What’s the great difference between IS and Hamas? The great difference, supposedly, between IS and Hamas is that those, the former chop heads off and the others shoot people in the head,” the Israeli Premier said.
Netanyahu also sent his condolences to the British people over the loss of David Haines , the British aid worker who was beheaded by the IS, as seen in a video released today.
“We have been notified of another act of savagery from IS and I send our condolences to the people of Britain. We understand what kind of barbarism they face”, he said.
The Israeli Premier also stressed that the threats spreading in the area were also posing a challenge to Israel’s defence at its own borders.
“We need a very strong defence against them. We need a strong army and also a strong economy. Achieving a balance between them is one of the central goals before us and I intend to achieve both strong security and a strong economy,” Netanyahu said.
Israel has officially banned terror group IS as an “unauthorised organisation”, providing the legal framework to prevent efforts by the Jihadi group to spread its presence in Israel and the West Bank.
“This is necessary for the purpose of protecting state security, the public welfare and public order,” Defence Minister Moshe Ya’alon said about ten days ago.
Israel’s pro-active approach in this regard is meant to enable authorities to halt the transfer of funds to any local groups affiliated with IS and take legal action against its members or operatives.
What's the great difference between IS and Hamas? The great difference, supposedly, between IS and Hamas is that those, the former chop heads off and the others shoot people in the head.

Doubts raised over global forex platformSeptember 14, 2014 6:34 pm
Doubts raised over global forex platform
By Sam Fleming and Daniel Schäfer in London and Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/311d9fc0-3be9-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Batista accused of market manipulationSeptember 14, 2014 6:18 pm
Brazil’s Eike Batista accused of market manipulation
By Joe Leahy in São Paulo
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/68497bfe-3c2a-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

IG launches share dealing platformSeptember 15, 2014 12:17 am
IG Group launches share dealing platform
By Adam Palin
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/30387294-3903-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian markets weak; Hang Seng down 1%  Straits Times slipsSep 15, 2014, 08.05 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Asian markets weak; Hang Seng down 1%, Straits Times slips
Asian markets were trading weak on Monday. Hang Seng plunged 1 percent and Seoul Composite was down 0.30 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Asian markets weak; Hang Seng down 1%, Straits Times slips
Asian markets were trading weak on Monday. Hang Seng plunged 1 percent and Seoul Composite was down 0.30 percent.
Post your opinion here
 
Asian stock markets declined on Monday following weak Chinese data but overall trading volumes were light with Japan closed for a holiday.
Over the weekend, China released a raft of data that raised concerns about a weakening economy. August industrial output rose 6.9 percent on year, its slowest pace since 2008, while fixed-asset investment and retail sales both missed forecasts.
Geopolitics also weighed on sentiment with fighting reported in eastern Ukraine on Saturday in breach of an eight-day ceasefire. Meanwhile, Australia became the first country to join the US coalition fighting Islamic State militants and UK Prime Minister David Cameron said he's looking into increasing military participation following the beheading of a British hostage.
China's Shanghai Composite declined 0.25 percent or 5.85 points at 2,326.10. Hong Kong's Hang Seng plunged 1.01 percent or 248.66 points at 24,346.66.
Singapore's Straits Times shed 0.21 percent or 7.18 points at 3,338.37. South Korea's Seoul Composite was down 0.30 percent or 6.09 points at 2,035.77.
Taiwan's Taiwan Weighted was down 0.15 percent or 14.02 points at 9,209.16.
(with inputs from cnbc.com)

With eye on China  India to develop disputed border regionSep 15, 2014, 08.13 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
With eye on China, India to develop disputed border region
Environment minister Prakash Javadekar told Reuters he had relaxed environmental rules within 100 km (62 miles) of the contested border in remote Arunachal Pradesh in order to speed up construction of some 6,000 km of roads.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
With eye on China, India to develop disputed border region
Environment minister Prakash Javadekar told Reuters he had relaxed environmental rules within 100 km (62 miles) of the contested border in remote Arunachal Pradesh in order to speed up construction of some 6,000 km of roads.
Post your opinion here
 
India has eased restrictions on building roads and military facilities along its disputed border with China, as the new government seeks to close the gap on its neighbour's superior transport network and take a stronger stance on Beijing.
Environment minister Prakash Javadekar told Reuters he had relaxed environmental rules within 100 km (62 miles) of the contested border in remote Arunachal Pradesh in order to speed up construction of some 6,000 km of roads.
The move, which also allows for the construction of army stations, arms depots, schools and hospitals in the sparsely populated Himalayan region, was announced days before Chinese President Xi Jinping visits India on Sept. 17-18.
"This is about defence preparedness," said Javadekar. "On the Chinese side of the border, not only have they built good roads, they are building up their railway network. Our army faces problems because of the bad quality of roads," he added.
Work on the roads will start in the coming months.
India's shift is consistent with expectations that Hindu nationalist Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who swept to power in elections four months ago, would take a tougher line on territorial disputes with neighbouring countries.
Asian great-power diplomacy stirred to life when Modi made clear his intention to play an active role on the world stage by inviting regional leaders to his inauguration in May.
His first bilateral visit outside the region was to Japan, and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe made a two-stop tour of South Asia earlier this month, pre-empting Xi's trip to the region this week.
"COMPLETE SHIFT IN THINKING"
After taking office, Modi moved quickly to appoint a former army chief as a minister for the northeast border region to accelerate development.
The road building plan marks a significant expansion of infrastructure in far-flung Arunachal Pradesh, a rugged, mountainous, 84,000 square km (32,400 square mile) region that China calls South Tibet.
China has vastly improved roads and is building or extending airports on its side of the border in Tibet.
According to a 2010 Pentagon report, it had placed nuclear-capable intermediate missiles in the area and deployed around 300,000 troops across the Tibetan plateau.
The Modi government's roads programme could aid plans to establish a mountain strike corps of 80,000 troops who can move easily along its border.
The world's two most populous nations fought a brief frontier war in the area in 1962, and Chinese maps still show all of Arunachal Pradesh within China's borders.
Indian efforts at development in the region have been relatively restrained in recent years. In 2013, Modi's predecessor announced plans for 850 km (530 miles) of new roads in the border region, and proposals to upgrade airfields made little headway.
Previous governments deliberately neglected infrastructure in Arunachal Pradesh, partly to create a natural buffer against any Chinese invasion. That policy was dropped when the extent of development on China's side became clear.
"This is a complete shift in strategic thinking," said Namrata Goswami, a research fellow at the Delhi-based Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses.
DEPENDENCE AND DISTRUST
The neighbours have a complicated relationship marked by growing economic ties but also distrust, particularly over their unresolved territorial disputes.
The two armies were locked in a three-week standoff in May 2013 in the western Himalayas after Chinese troops set up a camp at least 10 km (6 miles) inside territory claimed by India, triggering calls that India should stand up to its neighbour.
Speaking in Beijing recently, Indian National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, a hawkish former spy chief who has in the past expressed doubts about China's motives, said the two nations' disputed border would be discussed during Xi's visit.
"Both sides have agreed to take steps to ensure the peace and tranquility of the border, and seek a fair, reasonable resolution both sides can accept on the basis of peaceful, friendly talks and consultations," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a news briefing on Thursday.
Under the easing of environmental rules, Javadekar said road building within 100 km of the "Line of Actual Control" - the de facto but disputed border between India and China - would be brought under a single general approval scheme, while the amount of reforestation required would be lowered.
India is also pushing ahead with a proposal for electricity projects in states bordering China, and has said it will continue even if international development agencies which had earmarked cash to support the underdeveloped region do not back schemes in areas claimed by China.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex Falls Over 200 Points  Nifty Below 8 050You are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply; IIP, Inflation Data Weigh
NDTV | Updated On: September 15, 2014 12:00 (IST)
Sensex, Nifty Fall Most in Nearly 5 Weeks on Fed, China Woes
BSE Sensex and Nifty were sharply lower today after disappointing industrial output data and less-than-expected fall in inflation dented the Street's sentiment.
Sensex was down 232 points to 26,828 while Nifty fell 71 points to 8,033. The selling pressure was broadbased barring some defensive buying in pharma stocks. Among major Nifty losers, Hindalco, DLF, GAIL India, Tata Steel and Ambuja Cements were down over 2 per cent.
The selling pressure in broader markets however was lower than that in frontline stocks. The BSE smallcap index fell 0.3 per cent while the midcap index slipped 0.5 per cent.
Market analyst Sanjeev Bhasin said Nifty stocks are showing signs of exhaustion, with weakness in emerging market currency, slump in industrial output growth weighing on the sentiment.
He sees Nifty consolidating in the 8000-8200 range.
India's industrial output growth hit a four-month low in July when it grew at much slower-than-expected 0.5 percent year-on-year. Retail inflation, which the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) tracks for setting lending rates, edged down marginally to 7.8 percent in August from 7.96 percent a month earlier. These numbers were released after market hours on Friday.
Investors also remained cautious ahead of the Federal Reserve meet later this week. Besides that weak Asian markets also weighed on the sentiment. Recent string of strong US economic data added to concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected.
Any decision by the US Federal Reserve to raise rates, which have been held near zero since December 2008, will have implications for India, as it could lead to capital outflows, weakening the rupee and inflating costs of imported commodities. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 11:59 (IST)

Money from cow slaughter racket funding terror: Maneka GandhiComments
Union minister Maneka Gandhi on Sunday expressed concern about India being the world's largest beef exporter and claimed that the money from illegal animal slaughter was used for perpetrating acts of terrorism.
Quoting a report submitted to Uttar Pradesh Police four years ago, Gandhi, who is also a noted animal rights activist and environmentalist, claimed that the money earned through illegal animal slaughtering was going into terrorism.
Video: Animal slaughter racket funding terror in India: Maneka Gandhi
"It is going into terrorism, it is going into bomb making. It is going into killing us. Why we are allowing this? It is a trade of Indians. Do not blame a particular community for this," she claimed.
"We are the largest beef exporters in the world and also killing them for leather production. We are actually killing more animals than China, it is appalling!" the minister for women and child development said during a valedictory lecture at the India for Animals conference in Jaipur.
Gandhi said while members of one community sell its livestock, another slaughters it in their slaughter houses and asked people not to link animal slaughter to a particular religion or community.
India is illegally exporting beef to Bangladesh and that country claims of exporting about 160,000 tonnes of beef. "But as a matter of fact they (Bangladesh) do not own a single cow," she said.
The minister called on NGOs, volunteers and civil society to join the 'save animals movement' and urged them to set up informer systems to sound an alarm to prevent such trade.
"Deer's meat is available at many places in Rajasthan, even in Dhani (hutments)...I get such information while sitting in Delhi. Every animal organ is illegally sold. Over 25,000 websites are full of illegal sale of animal organs," she said.
On a report published during the previous UPA government's regime stating that 80 per cent of milk in the country was "adulterated," Gandhi lamented, "we are drinking poison".
She asked NGOs and volunteers working for protection of animals to study the forest and wildlife acts properly and try to inform the municipal authorities about any animal cruelty.
Dissection of animals in school and college education has also stopped, she noted, adding Medical Council of India is also considering this ban.
Cosmetic research and animal experimentation needs to be contained in the growing Indian culture, the Union minister said.

Mkt to correct  sell on every bounce; buy Reliance: Quantum08:00 am
Benchmark indices on Monday fell down considerably on the back of weak global cues and lower-than-expected macro data that came out after market hours on Friday. Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Sanjay Dutt, director, Quantum Securities recommends selling at every single bounce now.
According to him, the global landscape is unclear right now and it is best to stay away from the market currently. Dutt expects market to correct in the short-term though the correction may not be more than 10 percent. He does not see Nifty falling below 7700-7800. He, however, maintains a bullish stance on the Nifty from a longer-term perspective
Dutt suggests buying quality stocks on corrections. He is bullish on  ONGC but only from a long-term view. He picks Reliance Industries  as his top bet among the oil and gas pack.
He continues to be positive on the PSU banks since the issues related to non-performing assets are now being addressed by the Reserve Bank of India.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: One year and one month back you were with us, end August, when the market touched 5,188 intraday, below 5,200 and you said buy, buy, buy and look where we are? Today, we have shied away from 8,150 mark, we are on the throws of a possible change in the Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) language, should a trader take profit, have we seen the best for the year on the Nifty?
A: Absolutely and for the trader, I would say that sell every bounce and even sell now because the risk reward in terms of price and fundamentals is very unfavourable at this point of time.
Market is a tad overstretched at least in the short-term, all the positives are broadly priced in and more than anything else, the global landscape, the global canvas is not looking too clear. So that is the reason I am confused and would prefer being out of the market and even may be reasonably short because the euro zone is reading problems, US is towards the top of the range and interest rates in the US and lot of other issues coming out from there including the problems in Europe.
This will reflect into the currency equation in India. We have already seen RBI being aggressive and doing a lot of sales to manage the rupee. It is that landscape that will have a substantial effect and add dark clouds to the equity markets.
Q: You did mention that traders should use every bounce to sell into the market but what about a long-term investor who has entered relatively late into this rally hoping that this will be a multi-year bull run, what does he do now?
A: There is no doubt about that, it would be a multiyear bull run but from an investor’s perspective, India is a story, India is a place to be then, no second thought about that. Whether it is the crude prices or resounding mandate, political mandate in place, whether it is policy action in terms of what is cooking and it is ready to come out of Delhi. I think those things are all positive.
The biggest positive is that crude has come off substantially but I just hope the dollar/rupee equation and the rupee and the currency basket equation doesn’t spoil that and the crude basket at this point of time is at a multi-year low as far as India is concerned.
These are very positive developments on the other side and there couldn’t be better times for the government to land up doing fuel price decontrol. So those are major positives for India, subsidies, current account deficit, everything as well positive impact because of all these things.
From a standpoint of an investor, who just entered late in the market, it is still a good time, just remain invested, look for opportunities, add on panic days, add on down days, let the market correct, don’t be in hurry to jump in but, definitely add and look for individual opportunities to invest into.
Q: How are you gauging the globe? Bad news from Europe would normally mean that they are going to be in stimulus mode and that is what Draghi indicated when he last spoke at the ECB meet as well it is quite possible that the US will only speak, mimic mild noises about returning to rate hikes but may not do much anytime soon. Global central banks are still ready to pump in a lot of liquidity especially in Japan and in Europe. So will our cuts going to get very deep?
A: We might be one of the only countries in the world in the next six-nine months who would start reasonably aggressive - it sounds like an oxymoron but a reasonably aggressive rate cut cycle.
The reason being that we have got a good growth kick-started aggressively because growth is still very flip-flop and you cannot rely on the data that comes out on a month-to-month basis but you will see that over a long period of time.
Growth will be an issue for India and therefore, that has to be kick-started, the investment cycle has to be kick-started aggressively, bank balance sheets have to be set right and addition to that, the major positive that will happen is inflation both core and food both are going to ease off substantially as we have seen in terms of vegetables, in terms of other product prices.
Edible prices have come off and this is one of the very few periods where we have the lowest possible MSP increase over the last few months. So these kind of development are making it very positive from a medium-term.
The euro zone and central bankers coordinated action will be much more than what we have seen earlier in the early 2000 than post the Lehman crisis - central bankers have become very cautious across the world on coordinated action.
Europe and Japan are going to lend support to the main street across the world because they know it is not suddenly easy to back off if US is tightening and they also go on a hold mode. That will provide a support to most growing markets like India but the short-term landscape is confusing till all funds and the global money starts to adjust as to what is going to happen in the US. This is because ultimately US is a place where global money is parked and looks to and even if it is not parked there, it looks for lead indicators out of that place. So that is what is causing the short-term confusion.
RELATED NEWS

Rupee falls 32 paise against dollar in early trade#rupee #dollar #foreign exchange #currency
Mumbai: The Indian rupee on Monday plunged 48 paise, logging its biggest fall in more than five weeks, to close at over one-month low of 61.13 against the greenback following fresh dollar demand from importers and negative cues from local equities.
A strong surge in dollar overseas also kept the rupee under pressure combined with expectations of higher trade deficit data, a forex dealer said. After currency markets closed, government data showed that trade gap in August rose to USD 10.83 billion.
Against a gauge of six major global rivals, the dollar index was up by 0.23 per cent ahead of the two-day policy setting meeting of the US Federal Reserve starting tomorrow. Forex dealers expect early hike in interest rates by Fed after improving economy, which might induce foreign funds to withdraw money from emerging markets, including India.
The Indian rupee on Monday plunged 48 paise, logging its biggest fall in more than five weeks, to close at over one-month low of 61.13 against the greenback following fresh dollar demand from importers and negative cues from local equities.
At the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) market, the local unit resumed lower at 60.92 a dollar from last weekend's close or 60.65 and immediately touched a high of 60.90.
Later, rupee met with strong resistance and dipped to a low of 61.18 before settling at 61.13, a steep fall of 48 paise or 0.79 per cent. Previously, it had tumbled by 65 paise on August 6, 2014. The closing level of 61.13 is its weakest since ending at 61.21 on August 13, 2014.
The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex today plunged 244.48 points, or 0.90 per cent, on weak global cues. FPIs/FIIs had picked up shares worth USD 40.83 million last Friday, Sebi data says. Meanwhile, the inflation measured on Wholesale Price Index (WPI) dipped to 3.74 per cent in August to a nearly five-year low from 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August 2013.

What Apple Pay is attempting now  the Japanese did that 10 years ago#apple play #contactless payments #japan #felica #nfc
Tokyo: Apple's proud announcement that its new iPhone could be used to buy goods in a single swipe left customers non-plussed in Japan, where mobile contactless payments have been normal fare for a decade.
A type of Near Field Communication (NFC) chip, known in Japan as FeliCa, was introduced to the Japanese mobile market in June 2004 and has been been implanted in almost all phones sold in the country since.
The iPhone has been one of the few chip-less exceptions - something that will change when the new models hit Japanese shelves on September 19.
A type of Near Field Communication chip, known in Japan as FeliCa, was introduced to the Japanese mobile market in June 2004. ( NFC payment , via Shutterstock)
Ten years ago the charismatic Takeshi Natsuno, who was then multimedia services director of Japanese mobile operator NTT Docomo, extolled the benefits of swapping cash for cell phones.
"When I leave my house in the morning all I take with me is my phone, which lets me do everything - pay, take public transport - simply by swiping a special reader in shops, stations or airports," he said at the time.
FeliCa was conceived by Sony way back in 1989 and first used in the Hong Kong underground railway system in 1997 - in a card known as Octopus - inspiring cities around the world to use similar technology in their own contactless transport cards.
Japan adopted an electronic payment system for trains in 2001, starting with the JR East network, which serves the Tokyo region.
The transport cards' success led to the integration of contactless chips into Japanese mobile phones and lifestyles with the creation of a group of apps known as the "mobile wallet" by NTT Docomo in 2004.
Thousands of readers are now installed in convenience stores, on vending machines, in office buildings and at stations and airports in Japan.
Contactless payments are a normal part of everyday life for many Japanese people, said Michael Au, president of the South Asia and Japan branch of digital security firm Gemalto.
"Japan has the most developed contactless infrastructure in the world and customers are already familiar with using their mobiles for contactless services," he said.
Sony, which said it has delivered more than 530 million FeliCa chips for cards and 245 million for mobile phones, is now responsible for making around a hundred various services based on the technology compatible with each other.
'Galapagos syndrome'
NFC was approved as a standard in 2003, as the fruit of cooperation between Sony and Dutch company Philips Semiconductors (now known as NXP Semiconductors).
"NFC has not reached the level of popularity or integration into current systems that FeliCa has in Japan. FeliCa paints a picture of NFC's goal and how to get there," says a site providing information about NFC.
The huge success at home that has not translated into sales abroad is a common theme in Japan, where companies have tended to focus on the large home market and its particularly fussy consumers.
This has led to a phenomenon dubbed the "Galapagos Syndrome". Like the distinct evolution Charles Darwin catalogued on the remote Galapagos Islands, technology in Japan has a tendency to develop without reference to other parts of the planet and is then incompatible with foreign market standards.
The most well-known example of this is the mobile phone, where Japan was initially streets ahead and had polyphonal, full-colour flip-top mobile phones in the late 1990s.
These units were Internet-capable as far back as 1999.
But the technology ossified and Japan was a relative late-comer to the smartphone market.
This "Galapagos-isation" has also been remarked in the video game, car and audio markets, with products such as the MiniDisc, compact cars and manga-inspired games all failing to make the same headway overseas as in Japan.
Natsuno, who is now a professor at Keio University in Tokyo, says Japan should have looked into overseas expansion of its cutting edge contactless payments system much sooner.
The fact that "we didn't extend this concept to the rest of the world" means that now Japan "can't do anything" about Apple's bragging over their innovative iPhone 6 with an NFC chip, he said.

Why you shouldn t invest like your parents | How to increase tax savingsWhy you shouldn't invest like your parents in today's financial world
By Babar Zaidi , ET Bureau | 15 Sep, 2014, 10.32AM IST
No doubt your parents want to help, but they might not have all the answers you need. For one, they may not be aware of the market situation.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
They took utmost care of you, protected you against harm and did everything they could to fulfill your needs. So there is no question that your parents have your best interests in mind when they give you guidance. Even so, your parents might be misleading you by giving you financial advice that's way past its expiry date.
No doubt your parents want to help, but they might not have all the answers you need. For one, they may not be aware of the market situation or have adequate knowledge of financial instruments available. The mutual fund space itself is so vast that even experts struggle to identify the right funds. The insurance sector is also teeming with products. It could also be that your parents' advice is prejudiced by personal experience. Instead of blindly going by what they say, one needs to make more informed choices.
Gen Y investors are at greatest risk. The Hyderabad-based financial planning portal ArthaYantra.com estimates that nearly 2 out of every 3 professionals aged 21-27 years base their financial decisions on their parents' advice (see graphic). These figures are based on information given by registered users of the financial planning portal.
Traditional life insurance policies are an all-time favourite investment choice. It's common for people to buy an endowment or money-back policy for their child as a gift. They pay the premium for the initial years. After the child starts earning, the onus of paying the premium shifts to him. "Parents might think they are giving their child a great gift. What they don't realise is that they are saddling him with a suboptimal investment for the next 15-20 years," says Nitin Vyakaranam, founder and CEO of ArthaYantra.com
Shackled by the premium
Meet Naveen Parashar, a PSU manager based in Delhi (see picture) who pays almost Rs 1 lakh a year for seven life insurance policies that give him a combined life cover of Rs 14 lakh. Two of these policies were bought for him by his father. He repeated the mistake by buying two policies for his children. But such traditional insurance plans fall between two stools, offering neither good returns nor adequate life cover. Parashar realised this a few years ago and bought a pure protection term plan of Rs 50 lakh for himself. But he still feels shackled by the premium that flows into the other seven policies.
To be fair, one can't blame the older generation for forcing poor investment choices on their progeny. They have lived in an era which was very different from the present. Back in the 1970s and 80s, the stock market was an opaque establishment, mutual funds were unknown, insurance companies were trusted entities and real estate prices were at rock bottom levels. Life insurance policies, bank deposits and small savings schemes were the best way to save money. So, parents can't be faulted for advising their children to invest in instruments that helped them create wealth in the past.
When Rajeev Kishore Dubey started his career as a management trainee in 1977, his father advised him to start a recurring deposit of Rs 100 a month. The chairman and managing director of Canara Bank recalls how difficult it was to spare Rs 100 out of his monthly stipend of Rs 700. "I told him it was impossible. After paying the rent and basic living expenses, I was left with barely nothing," he says. Yet, his father persisted and finally prevailed upon him to open a recurring deposit. Years later, when the deposit matured, Dubey realised the wisdom of his father's advice.
Now, 37 years later, Dubey is proffering the same advice to his children. "But instead of putting money in recurring deposits and bank fixed deposits, they want to invest in SIPs of mutual funds," he says derisively. "They don't realise how risky it can be."
Page 1 of 2

BJP-Sena seat-sharing talks hit stalemate as Uddhav questions  Modi waveComments
A major crisis erupted in the saffron alliance in Maharashtra on Sunday, with the BJP calling off seat-sharing talks with ally Shiv Sena - apparently after its chief, Uddhav Thackeray, questioned the much-talked-about 'Modi wave' in an interview to a TV channel.
State Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Devendra Fadanvis, while talking to Hindustan Times, confirmed the development.
"There is huge discontent among our rank and file over the statements made by the Sena leadership against our leader, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in a television programme on Saturday.
"This has reached our higher-ups. Now, we have decided that we will not make any effort anymore to talk to them on seat-sharing," Fadanvis said, adding it was up to the Sena to make the next move.
The BJP's tough stand is the latest chapter in an episode of unease with the Shiv Sena ahead of the Maharashtra assembly elections slated for October 15 and casts doubts on the future of the alliance which seemed frontrunner in the polls following its spectacular showing in the April-May Lok Sabha elections.
The BJP and its allies, including the Shiv Sena won 42 of the 48 seats in the state in the general elections.
But, differences cropped up in the coalition over seat-sharing talks in the 25-year-old alliance. The Shiv Sena wants to stick to the 2009 formula - when it fought 169 seats and the BJP 119 of the 288 assembly seats in the state. But, this time the BJP wants more.
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray had said on Saturday his party would get the top job in the state, making his ambitions for the chief minister's post clear.
The Shiv Sena had also issued a veiled warning against the coalition partner, saying "excessive lust" for seats will not do it any good.
 
Talking to TV channel Aaj Tak on Saturday, Uddhav had also questioned the so-called Modi wave, which the BJP claims was instrumental behind the National Democratic Alliance's landslide victory in the general elections.
"Was the Modi wave felt in Tamil Nadu, Punjab, Odisha and West Bengal? It depends on alliance partners as well. Modi is Prime Minister of our alliance."
According to BJP sources, Fadnavis got a call from Delhi and was told to officially declare that the talks between the two parties cannot continue if the Sena uses such tactics and makes such statements against the BJP.
"Such statements are undesirable prior to the election and everyone should refrain from making such utterances," BJP's Maharashtra in-charge, Rajiv Pratap Rudy, said on Sunday, adding the CM post issue should be discussed after elections.
On the seat-sharing talks, Rudy said, "The proposal is whatever seats are left - after smaller parties in the alliance get their due - the BJP and Shiv Sena will divide them equally."
According to Rudy, the BJP and Shiv Sena will be left with around 270 seats after smaller parties are allotted around 18 seats. "In this case we are expecting for somewhere around 135 seats." 
Parties such as the Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, RPI, Rashtriya Samaj Party and the Shiv Sangram have joined hands with the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance to contest polls.
The Shiv Sena did not officially react to the BJP move to call off the talks. A party leader, on condition of anonymity, said that the problems would be sorted out only if Uddhav and BJP president Amit Shah discussed the issue.
Shah will be in Mumbai on September 17 for a BJP programme, and the Sena is hoping that the two leaders will meet to finalise the seats.
But now BJP leaders are skeptical. "With this development, the only way that this meeting can happen is that the Sena leadership goes more than halfway and meets him in Delhi," a senior BJP leader said.
The last date for nomination filing is September 27.
(With inputs from our Pune correspondent Yogesh Joshi)

No comments  I did my duty: Manmohan SinghFormer prime minister Manmohan Singh, who is under fire from the former CAG Vinod Rai over the 2G spectrum scam and Coalgate, said on Sunday he has done his "duty" and refused to respond to charges levelled against him.
 
"I, indeed, did my duty. Well, I do not want to comment on other people what they have written," Singh told reporters on the sidelines of an event here to celebrate the publication of a book titled 'Strictly Personal: Manmohan and Gursharan', authored by his daughter Daman Singh.
Read: Manmohan was aware of decisions in 2G: ex-CAG
 
Singh was asked about the scathing criticism by Rai who held the former PM responsible for the controversial decisions to allocate 2G spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
 
Interestingly, Daman skirted questions about the ex-CAG's comments.
 
"Actually, I do not know anything about that. So I cannot comment. I have no idea about that. I have not heard what they have said. I cannot say anything. I really do not know and I have not heard what they have said. So, there is no point in saying anything," she said.
 
Daman charts the journey of her parents in her book providing new insights into the couple but keeps away from the last 10 years when Singh was heading the UPA government.
 
The function was attended among others by former deputy Planning Commission chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and ex-minister Shashi Tharoor.

Must eliminate diesel subsidies now: Raghuram Rajan08:00 am
With crude oil prices falling globally, the Reserve Bank governor on Monday pitched in for eliminating diesel subsidies completely. However, he cautioned that geopolitical risks – Ukraine and Middle East - continue to remain and these low crude prices may be a temporary phenomenon.
On the macro-economic front, the IIP and CPI data released on Friday point to the fact that recovery is still some time away. But Rajan says India is on path to recovery. He says when compared to other emerging markets, what worked well for India is the emergence of a stable government.
Also Read: Rajan warns of abrupt reversal of global low interest rates
Better-than-expected monsoon and strong auto sales that indicate better consumption levels point to good days ahead. Inflationary trends too are in-line with RBI forecast. Rajan says though the macro indicators are improving, the economy is not completely out of the woods yet.
Despite all the positives, credit growth numbers have not picked up that well. Rajan says for a positive growth push, investment growth needs to pick up.
On the recent deluge in Jammu and Kashmir, the RBI governor said the central bank will work with other banks to restore normalcy in the region.
Rajan seemed pleased with mobile companies and banks coming together to offer mobile banking services, while adding that he expects mobile banking to grow explosively.
RELATED NEWS

KS Oils hits 5% upper circuit  lenders to sell co s assetsSep 15, 2014, 11.04 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
KS Oils hits 5% upper circuit, lenders to sell co's assets
Bankers shortlisted bidders to sell KS Oils’ edible oil business and wind power assets, reports CNBC-TV18 quoting unnamed sources.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
KS Oils hits 5% upper circuit, lenders to sell co's assets
Bankers shortlisted bidders to sell KS Oils’ edible oil business and wind power assets, reports CNBC-TV18 quoting unnamed sources.
Post your opinion here
 
Lots of buying orders for  KS Oils shares are pending as lenders may sell company's businesses to get their money back. The stock is locked at 5 percent upper circuit.
Bankers shortlisted bidders to sell KS Oils’ edible oil business and wind power assets, reports CNBC-TV18 quoting unnamed sources.
Currently the company has 78 MW of wind power assets. It is learnt that bankers shortlisted 10-15 players for wind power assets sale, through which they are likely to get Rs 200-250 crore.
Ruchi Soya is one of the players bidding for KS Oils’ edible oil business, say sources, adding lenders appointed SBI Capital Markets to auction 92 windmills.
Meanwhile, the company had reported a loss of Rs 123.84 crore for the quarter ended June 2014, declined from Rs 378.12 crore in January-March quarter and Rs 171.30 crore in April-June quarter of previous financial year. Net sales dropped significantly to Rs 10.44 crore from Rs 37.42 crore sequentially and Rs 328.4 crore on yearly basis.
At 10:45 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 2.20, up Rs 0.10, or 4.76 percent on the BSE. There were pending buy orders of 15,40,808 shares, with no sellers available.
RELATED NEWS

Cipla at new high  eyes deal with Gilead for hepatitis drugSep 15, 2014, 11.05 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cipla at new high, eyes deal with Gilead for hepatitis drug
US-based drug maker Gilead Sciences may join hands with atleast five Indian generic pharmaceutical companies for manufacturing and selling cheaper versions of its new hepatitis C medicines.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cipla at new high, eyes deal with Gilead for hepatitis drug
US-based drug maker Gilead Sciences may join hands with atleast five Indian generic pharmaceutical companies for manufacturing and selling cheaper versions of its new hepatitis C medicines.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Cipla hit record high at Rs 631.90 per share (up 3 percent) while  Strides Arcolab jumped 2 percent intraday Monday on hopes to manufacture and sell cheaper versions of new hepatitis C medicines.
As per media reports, US-based drug maker Gilead Sciences may join hands with atleast five Indian generic pharmaceutical companies for manufacturing and selling cheaper versions of its new hepatitis C medicines.
According to report, drug makers include Cipla, Strides Arcolab, Mylan Laboratories and Emcure Pharmaceuticals that are expected to sign the licensing deals with Gilead Sciences.
Cipla’s portfolio includes 2000 products in 65 therapeutic categories with turnover of USD 1.7 billion in 2013-14.
At 10:47 hrs Cipla was quoting at Rs 628.45, up Rs 15.90, or 2.60 percent while Strides Arcolab was at Rs 742.50, up Rs 11.45, or 1.57 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex slips over 200 pts; Cipla gains 3%  HDFC weakSep 15, 2014, 10.08 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex slips over 200 pts; Cipla gains 3%, HDFC weak
GAIL, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, SBI, Reliance fall around 1 percent. Cipla, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Wipro and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex slips over 200 pts; Cipla gains 3%, HDFC weak
GAIL, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, SBI, Reliance fall around 1 percent. Cipla, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Wipro and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
Moneycontrol Bureau
Live Market Commentary
9:50 am Market check: Global cues continue to drag Indian benchmark indices. The Sensex is down 238.76 points at 26822.28 and the Nifty slips 71.55 points at 8033.95. About 956 shares have advanced, 1094 shares declined, and 65 shares are unchanged.
Hindalco, Tata Steel, GAIL, M&M and HDFC are major laggards whlile healthcare stocks are holding up with Cipla, Dr Reddy's Labs and Sun Pharma as major gainers in the Sensex.
9:40 am FII view: Mahesh Nandurkar, CLSA says India is the best performing emerging market this year and the coming festive season should be a barometer of its economic recovery.
“Note that autos, cement and power are already showing signs of improvement. We like domestic cyclical recovery plays such as banks, autos and cement. Among exporters, we prefer IT,” he adds.
Prabhat Awasthi, Nomura says a stronger dollar, driven by expectations of divergent monetary policies of the Fed and other major developed world central banks is positive for Indian equities on an overall basis.
Historically, broad dollar strength typically begins 6-9 months ahead of a rate tightening cycle, a phase we believe India is now entering, he adds.
9:30 am Buzzing: Shares of Fortis Healthcare are locked at 10 percent upper circuit, hitting Rs 134 per share intraday (three-year high). Investors are euphoric as its Singapore subsidiary sold its entire stake in RadLink-Asia SGD 137 million to Medi-Rad Associates (Medi-Rad).
Brokerages are bullish on it post the divestment. Macquarie maintains an outperform rating on the stock with target of Rs 140, stating that divestment in remaining international business would make it almost debt-free. After exiting from RadLink, net debt of Fortis is likely to fall to Rs 400 crore, significantly down from a peak of Rs 7000 crore at the start of FY13.
With a buy rating and a target of Rs 170 per share, Citi says that the move reiterates Fortis' focus on its Indian operations as International assets now contribute less than 2 percent to revenues and all its profits come from the Indian business.
 Don't miss: Brent crude near 2-yr low: Top oil stocks to buy and sell now 
The market has started to slide in opening itself on weak global cues. The Sensex is down 127.53 points at 26933.51, and the Nifty slips 35.15 points at 8070.35. About 458 shares have advanced, 369 shares declined, and 38 shares are unchanged.
GAIL, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite, SBI, Reliance fall around 1 percent. Cipla, Bajaj Auto, TCS, Wipro and Dr Reddy's Labs are top gainers in the Sensex.
The Indian rupee slipped in early trade. It has opened lower by 27 paise at 60.92 per dollar against 60.65 Friday.In the currency markets, the dollar is flat against the yen, near a six-year peak. The euro is also steady at 1.29 to the dollar.
Agam Gupta of Standard Chartered said, "The FOMC meet this week could take a hawkish tone and will continue to play on the market sentiment. The rupee is likely to trade in the range of 60.75-61.15/dollar for the day."
In what came as a double whammy for the economy, retail inflation slowed only marginally coming in at 7.8 percent for August due to a spike in food prices. Growth too is crawling with the industrial production in July growing by a mere 0.5 percent.
Asian markets are in the red over weak Chinese data- August industrial output rose 6.9 percent on year, its slowest pace since 2008, while fixed-asset investment and retail sales both missed forecasts. However, overall trading volumes are light with Japan being closed for a holiday.Over the weekend, china released a raft of data that raised concerns about a weakening economy.
In other asset classes, the big news continues to be the slide of Brent Crude prices.Brent has now slipped below the USD 97 dollars per barrel mark pressured by a strong dollar, weak demand and ample supplies. The oil is its weakest in two years.
However, no relief seems to be in place for gold either in the commodity space. It has dropped to fresh eight-month lows on fears that the Fed may signal an early interest rate hike at this week's policy meeting, while the strength in the dollar and weak physical demand also weighed on bullion.
RELATED NEWS

No intent to exit all mkts but focus on India biz: FortisCurrently, our focus is on making the Singapore hospital general speciality hospital
Aditya Vij
CEO
Fortis Healthcare
Fortis Healthcare  is up 9 percent intraday today after the company announced the divestment of its 100 percent stake in RadLink Asia, its Singaporean diagnostic and molecular imaging unit for Rs 660 crore.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, CEO Aditya Vij says the intent of the company is not to completely exit all its markets but to concentrate on the Indian businesses.
After this divestment, Fortis will have only one hospital outside India which is Colorectal Hospital in Singapore. Post stake sale, the company is expected to cut down its debt to Rs 400 crore from the current Rs 900 crore.
Financial services group Macquarie sees the divestment as a positive step, as it will deleverage the balance sheet further and return complete focus to domestic business.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: With this divestment out you are left with only one hospital outside India and that is Colorectal. Will Fortis Healthcare be looking to divest Colorectal or have you begun the process of divesting it?
A: Singapore will always remain a strategic and integral part of our business for the future. We are ready to grow the relationships and partnerships that we established there.
The Fortis Colorectal Hospital has also got the license for general surgeries now. So it is actually in a mode of expansion of its specialties besides still having an intense focus on colorectal disease which is quite prevalent in Singapore.
Our association with the Economic Development Board of Singapore continues well and as SGX listed Religare Healthcare Trust as well. So, the intent is not to cyclically exit all markets. As you are aware we have segments in Mauritius, Sri Lanka, Dubai, UAE and a hospital in Singapore.
Q: Would this mark the end of your international divestment?
A: Currently, our focus is on making the Singapore hospital general speciality hospital. On the other hand we are always open to evaluating opportunities etc.
Q: What does your balance sheet now look like?
A: We have brought down our debt level from 1.7 to 0.33 today. Because we have ongoing investments in India it is quite an impetus to the growth that we have planned for India which is growing by 500-600 beds a year in the market year still growing at 15 percent.
So for us part of it will be utilised for our internal expansion and the rest obviously will ultimately be utilised to pay down further debt.
Q: Is the additional money that you will be getting from the divestment of RadLink-Asia not only be entirely used to cut down debt but will also be used to fund your domestic Capital expenditure (capex)?
A: Our domestic capex would include addition of beds and routine capex and it is about 500-600 beds a year. So there is an imminent need to continue to invest in India and we are happy to say that India continues to do well and improve margins compared to earlier times.
Fortis Health stock price
On September 15, 2014, Fortis Healthcare  closed at Rs 130.00, up Rs 8.20, or 6.73 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 136.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 93.10.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 0.09 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 1444.44. The latest book value of the company is Rs 80.16 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.62.
RELATED NEWS

Saradha was running ponzi schemes; to face prosecution: SFIOComments
Completing its probe into 'chitfund scam' of 14 Saradha group firms, SFIO on Monday said these companies have been found to be running 'ponzi schemes' and would face prosecution for violation of several laws.
The investigation concluded that the group was using collections from new investors to make payments to the previously-enrolled members, rather than from income generated through investments, in typical resemblance to a ponzi scheme.
Among others, the activities of these companies were found to be in serious violations of the Companies Act, the Sebi Act, and several provisions of the Indian Penal Code, the Corporate Affairs Ministry said in a statement on completion of the SFIO probe.
The Ministry said those companies which have been found to have violated the Sebi regulations for 'collective investment schemes' would be prosecuted for violation of Sebi Act, instead of the Companies Act, as the former carried longer terms of imprisonment.
Besides, prosecution would also be initiated by the state governments for violations of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Scheme (Banning) Act, while the probe report and necessary evidence would be shared with CBI to avoid duplication in prosecutions.
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were defrauded of thousands of crores through illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year and has also had its political ramifications.
The case has also become a political hot potato with Mamata Banerjee-led West Bengal government facing flak from various quarters.
Read: Saradha scam: Oppn ups demand for Mamata resignation 
"The companies, their promoters, directors and managerial personnel have been found guilty on many counts of various provisions of the Companies Act... dealing with illegal collection of deposits and false statements, etc" it said.
"Several instances of violation of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act, 1978 have also been found. As prosecution under this law are to be initiated by the State Governments concerned, the Report along with evidence is being shared with the CBI.
"The Report is also being shared with Sebi for proceeding against companies which were found to be running unauthorised/ illegal Collective Investment Schemes (CIS)," the government said.
It said that the Serious Fraud Investigation Office also found evidence of violation of several provisions of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). "Such Sections are 107 (Abetment of Crime), 120B (Criminal Conspiracy), 403 (Dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (Criminal breach of trust), 409 (Criminal breach of trust by public servant), 415 (Cheating), 418 (Cheating with knowledge that wrongful loss will be caused), 419 (Punishment for cheating by personation) and 477A (Falsification of accounts).
"Since, CBI is now investigating cases under the IPC under orders of the Supreme Court, it has been decided to share evidence collected by the SFIO with CBI so as to avoid duplication in prosecutions," the government said.
In the wake of public protests, the Ministry also asked SFIO in April 2013 to probe the case. The agency, which looks into white collar crimes and violations of companies law, investigated more than 60 companies in this regard.
The probe agency had questioned many people including leaders from the Trinamool Congress party, while Saradha Group chief Sudipta Sen and some others were put behind the bars.
An interim report was submitted by SFIO in September 2013. Sebi had also passed an order against Saradha Realty in April last year, soon after massive protests by public investors began in West Bengal.
The company was asked by Sebi to refund the investors' money, among other strictures.

Ashok Leyland rallies  BoAML ups EPS forecast on bus orderSep 15, 2014, 11.47 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Ashok Leyland rallies, BoAML ups EPS forecast on bus order
According to the brokerage, the company is well positioned with a relatively high exposure to heavy trucks (over 45 percent of sales), which is already showing early signs of recovery.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Ashok Leyland rallies, BoAML ups EPS forecast on bus order
According to the brokerage, the company is well positioned with a relatively high exposure to heavy trucks (over 45 percent of sales), which is already showing early signs of recovery.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Ashok Leyland gained as much as 1.6 percent intraday Monday after Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BoAML) raised earnings per share (EPS) forecasts for the company by 18-11 percent over FY15-16E. That was driven by revision of commercial vehicle (CV) growth rates and largely stronger-than-anticipated bus orders.
Therefore, BoAML also raised price target by 9 percent to Rs 47 apiece.
According to the brokerage, the company is well positioned with a relatively high exposure to heavy trucks (over 45 percent of sales), which is already showing early signs of recovery.
Last week, Ashok Leyland has secured orders for 4,000 buses from several state undertakings under the second phase of the JNNRUM scheme.
BoAML expects around 75 percent of these orders to be executed this fiscal year and the balance in FY16E (the bus segment will likely contribute to around 20 percent of its sales). According to the report, the company is also likely to benefit from early cycle recovery in heavy trucks (up 28 percent year-to-date) and bottoming of the small CV market, with inventory correction behind.
Over the past year, Ashok Leyland has improved its financial health with net gearing at 1.2x (peak last year 2.2x), thanks to a successful qualified institutional placement (QIP) and the sale of non-core assets.
The brokerage expects further deleveraging of the balance sheet due to improved operational performance even as capital expenditure and investment needs remain modest compared to the last economic cycle.
At 11:07 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 41.65, up Rs 0.20, or 0.48 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

BJP distances itself from Sakshi Maharaj s  Madrassas teach terrorism  remark#sakshi maharaj #bharatiya janata party #bjp #madrassas #terrorism #congress
New Delhi: The Bharatiya Janata Party has distanced itself from its Unnao MP Sakshi Maharaj's remarks on Madrassas. BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said that the party does not endorse what Maharaj has said. Sakshi Maharaj has sparked a controversy by saying children in Madrassas were being trained to become terrorists. Sakshi Maharaj is facing flak from political parties for his remark.
"We don't endorse Sakshi Maharaj's statement. This is not a party line. If someone has information about this they should share with government. No one should make such sweeping statements. No one in the BJP is talking about love Jihad. This is a creation of the media. We believe in 'sabka saath sabka vikas'," Naqvi said.
The Congress has hit out at Sakshi Maharaj for his remark. "Whosoever maharaja this is, if he has evidence, he should put it in the public domain. If not, he should restrict from giving statements creating tensions in the society," said Congress leader Manish Tewari.
"This is an old BJP-RSS agenda. They consciously propagate this. The current leadership is furthering this political agenda by polarization. PM Modi also endorses this stand," said Congress leader Sandeep Dikshit.
"Madrassas are schools, they are not any communal thing. Sakshi ji knows everything but he just wants to create disturbance and hatred in country," said former Rajya Sabha MP Shahid Siddiqui.
Muslim clerics have also come out against Sakshi maharaj. "They do not teach any terrorism, they only teach the Quran for peace. Those who make such statements should be punished," said Muslim cleric Maulana Mohammad Sajid Rashidi.
Sakshi Maharaj on Sunday alleged that madrassas were giving "education of terrorism", drawing sharp reaction from other parties which accused BJP of trying to create communal polarisation by spreading "canard". "There should be a common board for the Madrassas and they should check what's being taught there. They teach terrorism in Madrasas. Just the way in schools, we are taught good values, they should teach Muslim kids good things as well, and not just teach them the Quran and how to become jihadis.
"Why is there a different code for Madrasas and schools? Madrasas should also teach the same things rather than teaching terrorism," the MP from Unnao constituency told reporters in Nademau in Kannauj district.
Maharaj alleged that students were not being taught about nationalism in religious schools. "Tell me about one madrassa where the tricolour is hoisted on August 15 and January 26," he said.
The BJP's Hindutva hardliner said Madrassas "which have no connection with nationalism" are being given government aid. "Most of our schools do not take the aid but it is being given to Madrassas having no connection with nationalism," he said.

Saradha scam: SFIO completes probe  says 14 firms were running  ponzi schemes#saradha scam #sfio probe #ponzi schemes #companies act #sebi act #ipc #west bengal #cbi
New Delhi: The Serious Fraud Investigation Office of the Ministry of Corporate Affairs on Monday completed its probe into the multi-crore Saradha scam and said 14 firms were running 'ponzi schemes'. Investigations have revealed that primary source of payments to subscribers was collections made from newly enrolled members rather than income generated from investments companies.
The SFIO said that firms violated Companies Act, Sebi Act, among others. It also found violation of several provisions of Indian Penal Code by Saradha group firms.
The SFIO will share evidence with the Securities Exchange Board of India and Central Bureau of Investigation.
The Ministry said those companies which have been found to have violated the Sebi regulations for 'collective investment schemes' would be prosecuted for violation of Sebi Act, instead of the Companies Act, as the former carried longer terms of imprisonment.
Besides, prosecution would also be initiated by the state governments for violations of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Scheme (Banning) Act, while the probe report and necessary evidence would be shared with the CBI to avoid duplication in prosecutions.
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were defrauded of thousands of crores through illegal money pooling activities, came to light in 2013 and has also had its political ramifications.
The case has also become a political hot potato with Mamata Banerjee-led West Bengal government facing flak from various quarters.
"The companies, their promoters, directors and managerial personnel have been found guilty on many counts of various provisions of the Companies Act... dealing with illegal collection of deposits and false statements, etc", it said.
"Several instances of violation of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act, 1978 have also been found. As prosecution under this law are to be initiated by the State Governments concerned, the Report along with evidence is being shared with the CBI.
"The Report is also being shared with Sebi for proceeding against companies which were found to be running unauthorised/illegal Collective Investment Schemes (CIS)," the government said.
It said that the Serious Fraud Investigation Office also found evidence of violation of several provisions of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). "Such Sections are 107 (Abetment of Crime), 120B (Criminal Conspiracy), 403 (Dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (Criminal breach of trust), 409 (Criminal breach of trust by public servant), 415 (Cheating), 418 (Cheating with knowledge that wrongful loss will be caused), 419 (Punishment for cheating by personation) and 477A (Falsification of accounts).
"Since, CBI is now investigating cases under the IPC under orders of the Supreme Court, it has been decided to share evidence collected by the SFIO with CBI so as to avoid duplication in prosecutions," the government said.
In the wake of public protests, the Ministry also asked SFIO in April 2013 to probe the case. The agency, which looks into white collar crimes and violations of companies law, investigated more than 60 companies in this regard.
The probe agency had questioned many people including leaders from the Trinamool Congress party, while Saradha Group chief Sudipta Sen and some others were put behind the bars. An interim report was submitted by SFIO in September 2013.
Sebi had also passed an order against Saradha Realty in April 2013, soon after massive protests by public investors began in West Bengal. The company was asked by Sebi to refund the investors' money, among other strictures.
(With additional information from PTI)

With eye on China  India all set to develop roads and military facilities along the disputed border#india #china #prakash javadekar #india  china border
New Delhi: India has eased restrictions on building roads and military facilities along its disputed border with China, as the new government seeks to close the gap on its neighbour's superior transport network and take a stronger stance on Beijing.
Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar said that he had relaxed environmental rules within 100 km (62 miles) of the contested border in Arunachal Pradesh in order to speed up construction of some 6,000 km of roads.
The move, which also allows for the construction of army stations, arms depots, schools and hospitals in the sparsely populated Himalayan region, was announced days before Chinese President Xi Jinping visits India on September 17-18.
The Environment Minister said that he had relaxed rules within 100 km of the contested border in Arunachal Pradesh in order to speed up construction of roads.
"This is about defence preparedness," said Javadekar. "On the Chinese side of the border, not only have they built good roads, they are building up their railway network. Our army faces problems because of the bad quality of roads," he added.
Work on the roads will start in the coming months.
India's shift is consistent with expectations that Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who swept to power in elections four months ago, would take a tougher line on territorial disputes with neighbouring countries.
Asian great-power diplomacy stirred to life when Modi made clear his intention to play an active role on the world stage by inviting regional leaders to his inauguration in May.
His first bilateral visit outside the region was to Japan, and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe made a two-stop tour of South Asia earlier this month, pre-empting Xi's trip to the region this week.
"Complete shift in thinking"
After taking office, Modi moved quickly to appoint a former army chief as a minister for the northeast border region to accelerate development.
The road building plan marks a significant expansion of infrastructure in far-flung Arunachal Pradesh, a rugged, mountainous, 84,000 square km (32,400 square mile) region that China calls South Tibet.
China has vastly improved roads and is building or extending airports on its side of the border in Tibet.
According to a 2010 Pentagon report, it had placed nuclear-capable intermediate missiles in the area and deployed around 300,000 troops across the Tibetan plateau.
The Modi government's roads programme could aid plans to establish a mountain strike corps of 80,000 troops who can move easily along its border.
The world's two most populous nations fought a brief frontier war in the area in 1962, and Chinese maps still show all of Arunachal Pradesh within China's borders.
Indian efforts at development in the region have been relatively restrained in recent years. In 2013, Modi's predecessor announced plans for 850 km (530 miles) of new roads in the border region, and proposals to upgrade airfields made little headway.
Previous governments deliberately neglected infrastructure in Arunachal Pradesh, partly to create a natural buffer against any Chinese invasion. That policy was dropped when the extent of development on China's side became clear.
"This is a complete shift in strategic thinking," said Namrata Goswami, a research fellow at the Delhi-based Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses.
Dependence and distrust
The neighbours have a complicated relationship marked by growing economic ties but also distrust, particularly over their unresolved territorial disputes.
The two armies were locked in a three-week standoff in May 2013 in the western Himalayas after Chinese troops set up a camp at least 10 km (6 miles) inside territory claimed by India, triggering calls that India should stand up to its neighbour.
Speaking in Beijing recently, Indian National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, a hawkish former spy chief who has in the past expressed doubts about China's motives, said the two nations' disputed border would be discussed during Xi's visit.
"Both sides have agreed to take steps to ensure the peace and tranquility of the border, and seek a fair, reasonable resolution both sides can accept on the basis of peaceful, friendly talks and consultations," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying told a news briefing on Thursday.
Under the easing of environmental rules, Javadekar said road building within 100 km of the "Line of Actual Control" - the de facto but disputed border between India and China - would be brought under a single general approval scheme, while the amount of reforestation required would be lowered.
India is also pushing ahead with a proposal for electricity projects in states bordering China, and has said it will continue even if international development agencies which had earmarked cash to support the underdeveloped region do not back schemes in areas claimed by China.

Hundreds evacuate from 3 CaliforniawildfiresPress Trust of India | Oakhurst | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:30 pm
Two out-of-control wildfires in California forced hundreds of residents to flee from their homes yesterday. One fire near a lakeside resort town has destroyed several structures, authorities said.
The blaze, sparked shortly after 1:30 p.m. (local time), near Bass Lake, California, prompted authorities to evacuate about 1,000 residents out of 400 homes, Sheriff’s spokeswoman Erika Stuart said. “I know 10 structures have been destroyed already,” Stuart said.
The fire started off a country road between Oakhurst, a foothill community south of the entrance to Yosemite National Park, and Bass Lake and quickly grew to at least 320 acres, California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection spokesman Daniel Berlant said.
Further north, a wildfire about 60 miles east of Sacramento forced the evacuation of 133 homes. Sheriff’s officials said residents of another 406 homes were being told to prepare to flee. Berlant said the blaze started in a remote area Saturday, but exploded on Sunday when it reached a canyon full of thick, dry brush.
It has burned 4 square miles , and was 10 percent contained.

Puducherry CM announces Rs 1 crore for relief works in Jammu andKashmirPress Trust of India | Puducherry | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:19 pm
Puducherry Chief Minister N Rangasamy on Monday announced in the Assembly an assistance of Rs 1 crore as contribution from his government to flood ravaged Jammu and Kashmir for relief works.
He made the announcement suo moto in the House after zero hour, referring to the pleas from ruling and opposition members that Puducherry contribute for the relief works.
“The Puducherry government would contribute Rs 1 crore as its assistance to the flood relief fund,” he said, adding, if the State government employees intended to do so, they could also contribute one day’s salary to the Prime Minister Relief Fund for relief and rehabilitation works in J and K.
Nominated legislator V Bhalan appealed to the Chief Minister to announce Puducherry’s contribution for the relief fund as the situation in J&K was heart rending with a number of people dying and heavy loss of property being reported.
The Chief Minister’s announcement was welcomed by the members.

Bhushan directed to name whistleblower in sealed envelopeNew Delhi, September 15, 2014
Updated: September 15, 2014 13:35 IST
Reveal source of documents against CBI director: SC
PTI
Tweet
The Hindu A view of the Supreme Court of India in New Delhi. The Supreme Court on Monday directed its registry to keep all documents and affidavits filed by Mr. Sinha in sealed cover and deposit it with Secretary General for safe custody. File photo: Monica Tiwari
TOPICS
crime, law and justice
The Supreme Court on Monday directed advocate Prashant Bhushan, who has levelled allegations against CBI Director Ranjit Sinha of protecting accused in the 2G case, to reveal the name of the whistleblower from whom he got CBI documents and guest list at the top cop’s residence.
A bench headed by Justice H L Dattu asked Mr. Bhushan to name the whistleblower in the sealed envelope on the next date of hearing and said that it will go into the merits of allegations after knowing the source of information, as it may have ramification on the reputation of the director and also affect the ongoing trial in the 2G scam.
It said that the affidavit filed by Mr. Bhushan is not in consonance with the Supreme Court rules and asked him to reveal the source from whom he got all the documents.
The director questioned the very existence of the diary before the apex court and said that 90 per cent of the entries were fudged though some entries may be genuine.
Advocate Vikash Singh, appearing for the top cop, submitted that somebody else is controlling the proceedings in the case and raised questions on how a media group published a story in advance that Bhushan will be depositing the original guest list before the apex court.
He alleged that a corporate house is working behind all these controversies and it is intended to benefit the accused in the 2G scam.
The bench also wanted to know the stand of CBI in the controversy but the senior advocate K K Venugopal, appearing for the agency, refused to get into it, saying that it is a matter between advocate Prashant Bhushan and the director.
It then directed its registry to keep all documents and affidavits filed by the CBI director in a sealed cover and deposit them with the Secretary General for safe custody.
The apex court posted the matter for further hearing on September 22.

Buy Aditya Birla Nuvo; tgt of Rs 1718: Firstcall ResearchLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Aditya Birla Nuvo; tgt of Rs 1718: Firstcall Research
Firstcall Research is bullish on Aditya Birla Nuvo and has recommended buy rating on the stock with a target of Rs 1718 in its September 10, 2014 research report.
Post your opinion here
Firstcall Research report on Aditya Birla Nuvo
“Aditya Birla Nuvo is a ~US$4 billion conglomerate operating in the services and the manufacturing sectors, where it commands a leadership position. Its service sector businesses include Financial Services (Life Insurance, Asset Management, NBFC, Private Equity, Broking, Wealth Management and general insurance advisory), Fashion & Lifestyle (Branded apparels & Textiles) and Telecom. Its manufacturing businesses comprise the Agri, Rayon and Insulators Businesses. Aditya Birla Nuvo is part of the Aditya Birla Group, a US$40 billion Indian multinational. The Group operates in 36 countries across the globe, is anchored by an extraordinary force of about 120,000 employees belonging to 42 nationalities and derives more than 50 per cent of its revenue from its overseas operations. Aditya Birla Financial Services (ABFS) ranks among the top five fund managers (excluding LIC) in India. Its funds under management grew by 21 per cent to US$22.4 billion (Rs.1342160 mn). The lending book of Aditya Birla Finance expanded by 50% to about Rs.126000 mn as on 30, June, 2014. Selling two branded apparels every second, Fashion & Lifestyle Business is one of the largest branded apparel players in India. Louis Philippe and Van Heusen continue to be the best selling brands in India. It opened one store per day to expand its retail presence to 1,750 exclusive brand outlets/stores, spanning nationwide across 4.3 million square feet.”
“At the current market price of Rs.1562.00, the stock P/E ratio is at 16.54 x FY15E and 15.15 x FY16E respectively. Earning per share (EPS) of the company for the earnings for FY15E and FY16E is seen at Rs.94.46 and Rs.103.08 respectively. Net Sales and PAT of the company are expected to grow at a CAGR of 5% and 6% over 2013 to 2016E respectively. On the basis of EV/EBITDA, the stock trades at 10.31 x for FY15E and 9.87 x for FY16E. Price to Book Value of the stock is expected to be at 1.63 x and 1.46 x respectively for FY15E and FY16E. For fiscal 2014-15, ABNL has earmarked a capital expenditure plan of around Rs.500 crore. The company plans to invest about Rs.350 crore in the Financial Services Business besides subscribing to the rights issue of Pantaloons. The cash flow from operations and proceeds from the divestment of Minacs will support the growth plans of ABNL. Hence, we recommend ‘BUY’ in this particular scrip with a target price of Rs.1718.00 for Medium to Long term investment,” says Firstcall Research report.
For all recommendations, click here  
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Why Middle East is a bigger risk than RussiaSep 15, 2014, 12.22 PM IST  | Source: CNBC
Why Middle East is a bigger risk than Russia
"The Middle East and Africa, no question about it, is a greater systemic risk. Flare-ups in Nigeria, Syria, Iraq, potentially Libya, Saudi Arabia, and Kuwait are far more significant than Russia and Ukraine," said Viktor Shvets, head of Asia strategy research at Macquarie.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Why Middle East is a bigger risk than Russia
"The Middle East and Africa, no question about it, is a greater systemic risk. Flare-ups in Nigeria, Syria, Iraq, potentially Libya, Saudi Arabia, and Kuwait are far more significant than Russia and Ukraine," said Viktor Shvets, head of Asia strategy research at Macquarie.
Post your opinion here
 
The unfolding Russia-Ukraine crisis isn`t a systemic risk, one analyst told CNBC, warning that political tensions across the Middle East and Africa (MENA) deserve greater attention.
"The Middle East and Africa, no question about it, is a greater systemic risk. Flare-ups in Nigeria, Syria, Iraq, potentially Libya, Saudi Arabia, and Kuwait are far more significant than Russia and Ukraine," said Viktor Shvets, head of Asia strategy research at Macquarie.
It`s not just the rapidly-expanding militants of the Islamic State (IS) in northern Iraq and Syria that are spooking the MENA region. Libya also faces its own jihadists after Islamist group Dawn of Libya took power in Tripoli last month. Meanwhile, Nigeria`s Boko Haram recently seized the town of Baram in the northeast it attempts to create an Islamic state.
News versus risks
"What is important [for investors] is to decide what is news and what is systemic. The way I look at Russia-Ukraine, it is news," said Shvets, noting the key to assessing systemic risks is whether players are rational or not.
"The Russia-Ukraine [crisis] is not systemic. Russia as a government might not necessarily agree with everybody but it is rational," he said, highlighting the fact that Russia has been a nation for 1,000 years. On the other hand, the Middle East is facing a vacuum of power, he stated, describing the region as a tribal society that lacks defined, state-based leadership.
Poor governance has been widely cited as the key reason for much of the region`s political turbulence and economic upheaval in recent years, including the 2011 pro-democracy movements known as the Arab Spring.
Meanwhile, Putin`s leadership during the six-month long Eastern European offensive has soared. In the most recent opinion poll conducted in August, his approval rating stood at 84 percent.
"Whenever you have a vacuum of power, when there`s a circumstance where there is nobody who acts rationally, that`s where you have systemic risks, particularly if you have resources such as oil and gas. That`s why the Middle East and Africa is systemic and Russia-Ukraine is not," he said.
Majority opinion
Just because something is organized doesn`t mean it isn`t systemic, said Vishnu Varathan, senior economist at Mizuho Bank, responding to Shvet`s logic. A systemic risk is one that pervades through the entire system, Varathan said.
Sentiment among the majority of experts is split as to which crisis is more concerning.
"Both are systemic risks. Tensions in the Middle East could risk sparking a second round of the `Arab Spring` while the economic impact of sanctions on Russia is just beginning to be felt in Europe. We`re going to see even more economic pressure with tit-for-tat sanctions and a potential escalation of military conflict," said Varathan.
Meanwhile, retired US Army General Wesley Clark told CNBC last week that Vladimir Putin`s actions in eastern Ukraine and what that means for NATO and the future of the West are a much bigger problem than militant Islamists, which he views as "a particular, localized threat."
Other risks
As for other geopolitical and economic concerns weighing on markets, Macquarie`s Shvets doesn`t see much cause for concern.
Regarding growth concerns in the world`s second-largest economy, he said "until China starts collapsing and having a credit crisis, it will become systemic. But right now, it`s not".
He dismissed China`s offensive in the South and East China Seas, calling its shaky relations with Vietnam, Philippines and Japan just "news."
And as for the prospect of an independent Scotland: "That`s far from being systemic for anybody; it`s not relevant to anybody except for a few select people," he said.
Copyright 2011 cnbc.com

How to make 100 Smart Cities sustainableHow to make 100 Smart Cities sustainable
Zubin Irani        Last Updated: September 9, 2014  | 11:02 IST
Zubin Irani, President - Building & Industrial Systems, United Technologies Corporation (India Region) and the Chairman - CII (Northern Region)
The Union Budget of 2014 laid out a much-needed emphasis on infrastructure spending and the NDA government's commitment to speed up the pace of urbanization. The budget calls for a $1.1 billion investment on creation of 100 Smart Cities and significant other investments towards ports, metros and airports.
What is also very heartening to note is that there's a strong focus on renewable energy like solar with the government's announcement to create ultra-mega solar projects. This is a welcome move that looks to balance the imminent infrastructure needs of the nation with those of its energy requirements. If the country has to successfully build its infrastructure, the only way it can do so is by embracing sustainability and energy efficiency at the core of every single project it pursues.
The inter-dependence between infrastructure projects and energy efficiency may not appear obvious but peel the onion slightly and you would notice how intricately one impacts the other. But before we examine their inter-dependence, especially in a country like India, let's face some significant facts. Globally, buildings (residential, commercial or industrial) account for about 40 per cent of the total energy consumption. Transportation of all kind adds another 28 per cent to the global energy consumption. In a developing nation like India, where the thrust on urbanization is perhaps second only to China, the share of energy consumed by buildings and transportation may well be over two-thirds of the entire energy production of the country.
Given the energy challenges faced by the nation, it is only imminent that the government relentlessly pursues energy efficiency in every single infrastructure project that it looks to carry out. This could be systematically done through four key measures:
1) Invest in energy-efficient designs and adopt latest innovation;
2) customize technology to the Indian requirement,
3) introduce energy-efficiency codes and regulation, and
4) cultivate talent and build capability in this domain.
World over, there has been a rapid pace of innovation when it comes to technologies and systems that go into making a building more energy-efficient and environmentally friendly. From air-conditioning systems that consume significantly lesser power and emit far lesser greenhouse gases, to elevators which can run on renewable energy sources, to fire safety systems that dramatically decrease the water consumption while delivering greater performance, to ultra-efficient lighting systems, the timing is just right for India to embrace some of these cutting-edge innovations that are available, today.
Not only do many of these technologies reduce the energy footprint of a building or infrastructure project by as much as 50 per cent but they also pay back for themselves in a matter of a few years. We have seen the payback ranging from anywhere between one and three years depending on the application and technology in question. Hence today, green technologies are not only a "good practice" to adopt in order to protect the environment, but energy efficiency in buildings also makes business sense for the customer. While two-thirds of India's building foot print until 2030 still needs to be built, the fact is we already have a large building footprint on the ground. In fact, many of these technologies can also be retro-fitted into existing buildings and projects.
Companies like UTC Building and Industrial Systems are already helping existing building owners around the country with energy audits and recommending quick payback solutions to save energy. Interestingly, I have observed that the topic around energy footprint of existing buildings has now risen to the level of the CEO with a clear intent for action. As the new government embarks on its ambitious plan of building 100 smart cities, it will involve upgrading existing cities, expanding and building around them and also in some cases, completely new cities/ buildings, all of which will benefit from cutting-edge building design and technology.
As demand for newer and more energy-efficient product increases, the government and industry needs to look at ways to encourage localization not just of manufacturing processes but also in engineering. India is a unique nation with its own requirements which warrants a customized solution. Hence, it is very critical to build the local engineering capability to deliver this. Products here have to be able to sustain far adverse voltage fluctuations which warrant a modification or additional protection.
Simply importing or manufacturing a global design will not suffice or meet the requirement. While companies need to invest in building the local engineering/ supply chain and bring the best technology to India, the government can do a lot as well with shaping the right duty structure to promote localization and also provide incentives for design and manufacturing of energy efficient equipment. With right intent and definite policy decisions, I don't see a reason why India cannot become a manufacturing hub for sustainable technology products for the entire SAARC and even ASEAN regions.
With the government's decision to create 100 smart cities resonating extremely well with the industry, it is timely that the policy makers also take progressive and definitive steps in bringing out codes and regulations for promoting energy efficiency in buildings. Learning from other countries like China and the US, but also closer to home like Thailand, the use of energy-efficient technology only ramped up when appropriate building codes and regulations were introduced.
India has come a long way on its own to occupy a place of pride in the global green building movement with a green building footprint next only to the US and China. On the regulatory front, the Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE) has done some very good work with appliance star rating systems (eg. for air-conditioners, refrigerators). The BEE has also developed the Energy Conservation Building Code (ECBC), which is being adopted by several government buildings. A lot more needs to be done to improve the code and make it mandatory for all building construction. For this to happen, the state governments need to modify their building by-laws to incorporate the ECBC norms. We have seen a few state governments like Gujarat, Tamil Nadu, Maharashtra, Karnataka, Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh take the lead here. However, we are still a long way from other countries like China where it started adopting the building codes way back in 1980s and today is aggressively enforcing these energy-saving building codes.
Finally, with the pace of urbanization and infrastructure growth that the current government is looking to achieve, implementing a sustainable approach will demand skill sets that we haven't invested in so far. The country needs talent who understands energy efficiency and technology as a discipline. We need architects and consultants who understand the latest technology available and implement the principles of green design. We need construction companies which understand what it takes to install and commission such technologies. We need building professionals like facilities managers who know what it takes to run a building in the most energy-efficient manner. For this to happen, firstly we need to bring in more talent into the building industry and, secondly, train them on the latest technologies and methods available. Both the government and industry have a critical role to play here. This can be a great opportunity for a private organisation that has the capability and scale to train in large numbers. There could also be a very interesting opportunity to use some of the resources from the National Skills Development Mission and have this as a thrust area to build skills in the future. The fact is that the building construction industry is one of the largest employers today and we have to invest today to start building these new skill sets that our country must have if we have to build a sustainable and greener India tomorrow.
Zubin Irani is the President - Building & Industrial Systems, United Technologies Corporation (India Region) and the Chairman - CII (Northern Region)

How the Dow Jones Industrial Average Did FridayPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Stocks Decline Amid Interest Rate WorriesPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Market sentiment continues to remain bullishDipak Mondal      Follow @dipdown80    Last Updated: September 13, 2014  | 14:00 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
After three weeks of steep rise, large-cap equity indices took a pause this week. The Bombay Stock Exchange Sensex and the National Stock Exchange Nifty ended the week flat due to profit-taking and weak global cues.
The Sensex closed the week at 27,061, up 35 points, or 0.13 per cent, from the last week's close, while Nifty closed at 8,105, a gain of 0.23 per cent.
The week was marked by volatility as the Nifty, which touched a high of 8,180 on Monday, struggled to close above 8,100 due to selling pressure later in the week.  The Sensex touched a high of 27,355 on Monday and a low of 26,905 on Thursday.
Among Sensex stocks, Cipla (10%), SBI (4.6%), HUL (3.24%), Bharti (3.22%) and Maruti Suzuki (3.16%) were the top gainers, while Sun Pharma (-6.03%), NTPC (-3.57%), Coal India (-3.4%) and ONGC(-3.36%) were the top losers.
The broader market, though, continued to be upbeat. The BSE 500 index rose 1 per cent during the week. But mid-cap and small-cap stocks made healthy gains. BSE Mid-cap and BSE Small-cap indices rose 3.25% and 5%, respectively, during the week.
Though there were no big domestic triggers, globally, the US' aggressive stand against ISIS in Iraq and the EU's plan for tougher sanctions against Russia weighed down on markets. "Indian benchmarks ended on a flattish note. Given the sideways movement in frontline stocks, investor interest shifted to mid-caps. There was a sharp up move in auto component and fertilisers stocks and select midcaps," says Sanjeev Zarbade, vice president, Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities.
Among sectors, auto, FMCG and banking were top gainers. BSE Auto, FMCG and  Bankex indices rose 2%, 1.8% and 1.7%, respectively. Among the top losers were BSE Oil & Gas and BSE IT (0.9% and 0.7%, respectively). Real estate and capital goods sector also closed the week in the negative territory.
Foreign institutional investors (FIIs) remained upbeat. They were net buyers of equities worth Rs 2,221 crore. Mutual funds were net sellers of shares worth Rs 356 crore.
According to Neelesh Surana, head of equities, Mirae Asset Mutual Fund, things have moved too fast in the last one month and probably fund managers are a little cautious about valuations in the short term. "However, we remain positive in the longer term," he says.  
In the coming week, equity markets will take cues from Consumer Price Index (CPI) and Index of Industrial Production  (IIP) data. CPI grew at slower pace of 7. 8% in August as against 7.96% in July. This will enhance chances of a softer RBI stance on interest rates.
There was some disappointment on the IIP front as it grew at a much slower rate of 0.5% in July compared to 3.9% in June. However, the overall growth between April-July is 3.3% compared to -0.1% in the same period last year. The data were released after market hours.
"We are hopeful of a rebound in manufacturing as demand picks up by end of the current quarter," says Debopam Chaudhuri, chief economist, ZyFin Research.
The overall sentiment continues to look bullish.
According to Rajshekar, senior research analyst, HBJ Capital, next week will see the Nifty consolidate between 8,000 and 8,200 levels, with 8,000 acting as a pivotal support and resistance coming at 8,200 levels.
"Technically, the Nifty is making higher top and higher bottom pattern and we would like to extend the target  to 8300 by September-end and 8500 by October-end," he says.

Must disclose the whistle blower who gave visitors list: CBI chiefCBI director, Ranjit Sinha. (file photo)
New Delhi, Sept 13:  
CBI chief Ranjit Sinha has said that noted lawyer Prashant Bhushan cannot claim immunity from disclosing the name of a “whistle blower” who provided him the list of visitors to his official residence and demanded that he reveal his source.
In his affidavit filed before the Supreme Court in response to the plea of Bhushan that Sinha be removed from the 2G scam probe in the wake of his allegations that he met the accused and officials of accused companies at his residence, the agency chief said it is not open to the lawyer to argue his case without disclosing the source from which he got the details of the visitors mentioned in their affidavit.
He had filed this affidavit yesterday in response to the plea of Bhushan, counsel for an NGO, Centre for Public Interest Litigation, seeking his removal from 2G spectrum scam probe.
Citing a purported entry register of CBI Director’s official residence handed to him by a “whistle blower”, Bhushan alleged several accused and officials of accused companies in the 2G scam and other cases have been frequent visitors to Sinha’s residence.
“It is not enough to contend that the information was given to the petitioner from a whistle blower because the concept of whistle blower would only arise if one is dealing with crimes committed where the whistle blower needs protection against the persons against whom some disclosure is sought to be made,” he said.
He said the concept of whistle blower’s name being kept a secret would arise only when a “specific” averment with “sufficient evidence” of threat to him is placed before the court and even then petitioner must place the name in a sealed cover for the perusal of the court to determine “bona fide’’.
“In the instant case, there is no averment in the affidavit whatsoever to indicate that the whistle blower is under any kind of threat from anybody so as to claim immunity and non-disclosure of his name,” the CBI Director said.
(This article was published on September 13, 2014)

Duster settled  Renault readies for mass market with sub-Rs 4 lakh small carDuster settled, Renault readies for mass market with sub-Rs 4 lakh small car, MPV
fe Bureau | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 13 2014, 07:52  IST
Sep 13 2014, 07:52  IST
 

Google unleashes Android on new marketsLast updated: September 14, 2014 6:59 pm
Google to unleash Android on emerging markets
By Daniel Thomas and Murad Ahmed
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2562e5ae-39c9-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

London heads for record year of IPOsSeptember 14, 2014 3:15 pm
London heads for record IPO year despite earlier loss of appetite
By Alison Smith, Chief Corporate Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4a18d114-3bf0-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Poland to quit defence radar projectSeptember 14, 2014 6:26 pm
Poland to withdraw from Visegrad defence radar project
By Henry Foy, central Europe Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/27f4138a-3be3-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Novo Banco poaches Lloyds banker as chiefLast updated: September 15, 2014 12:01 pm
Novo Banco names Lloyds banker for top role
By Peter Wise in Lisbon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0fe411c4-3c32-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Former BP chief warns on RussiaSeptember 14, 2014 7:13 pm
Former BP chief warns on Russia sanctions
By Guy Chazan
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4ac99bc6-3bf9-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gilead to allow 5 Indian firms to sell hepatitis generics in 90 countriesSushmi Dey |  New Delhi Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:58 AM IST
Gilead to allow 5 Indian firms to sell hepatitis generics in 90 countries
Multinational American drug maker Gilead Sciences was set to join hands with at least five Indian generic pharmaceutical companies and allow them to manufacture and sell cheaper versions of its new hepatitis C medicines - sofosbuvir and ledipasvir - in 90 countries, four people in the know told Business Standard.Among the companies likely to sign deals with Gilead are Cadila, Hetero, Strides Arcolab and Mylan, while Cipla is expected to earn active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) rights.Accordin
Multinational American drug maker Gilead Sciences was set to join hands with at least five Indian generic pharmaceutical companies and allow them to manufacture and sell cheaper versions of its new hepatitis C medicines - sofosbuvir and ledipasvir - in 90 countries, four people in the know told Business Standard.
Among the companies likely to sign deals with Gilead are Cadila, Hetero, Strides Arcolab and Mylan, while Cipla is expected to earn active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) rights.
According to sources, Gilead has applied for a patent on these drugs in many countries, including India. The deal is seen as its strategic move to leverage the drugs' potential, as well as save its patent protection, which is under attack in many countries. For the domestic drug makers, these deals are expected to bring significant revenues.
WIN-WIN DEALS?
Firms likely to join hands with Gilead: Cadila, Hetero, Strides Arcolab, Mylan and Cipla
Agreement: To allow these firms to sell generic versions of hepatitis C medicines sofosbuvir and ledipasvir in 90 countries — Gilead has applied for patent on these drugs in many markets
Generic firms’ benefit: Gilead might allow technology transfer and data sharing for the two drugs by generic companies
Gilead’s benefit: The deal might save Gilead’s patent rights in many countries — the drugs are facing pre-grant opposition in several markets, including India
Restriction: Gilead might restrict generic partners from selling the drugs in the markets that are not part of the deal
Exclusions: Among key markets, middle-income economies like China, Brazil, Ukraine and Malaysia might not be part of the deal
The ailment: Around 180 million people live with hepatitis C; 350,000 die of it annually
The cure: Sofosbuvir; currently priced at around $84,000 for 12 weeks’ treatment
As part of the deal, Gilead might allow technology transfer and data sharing for the two drugs by generic companies but sale of the cheaper versions by partners might be restricted to the countries part of the deal, even in the absence of patent rights there. Sources said the agreement was likely to exclude middle-income economies like China, Brazil, Ukraine and Malaysia.
The companies are expected to sign the final licensing agreement here on Monday afternoon. Business Standard could not independently verify the details of this agreement. An e-mail questionnaire sent to Gilead did not elicit any immediate response.
The company's public relations agency said: "The public affairs team at Gilead is in transit at the moment and, therefore, will not be able to respond to the queries."
While the generic penetration will allow prices to come down significantly in those 90 markets, including India, irrespective of the drugs' patent status, Gilead is likely to retain its monopoly in all other geographies.
Moreover, Gilead is also expected to benefit from the proposed deals because its patent has already been challenged in many countries, including in India. Earlier this year, civil society organisations like the Delhi Network of Positive People and Initiative for Medicine and Access to Knowledge filed pre-grant oppositions challenging the validity of a patent application for sofosbuvir. The organisations questioned the novelty, inventive step and efficacy of the product.
According to a source, some generic companies like Natco, and the Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance, which represents 18 major generic producers, also challenged the patent. A patent office decision against Gilead might have allowed the firms to sell the generic version without entering into any pact with the innovator firm.
 Advertisements

Social Democrats look to form governmentLast updated: September 15, 2014 10:50 am
Sweden’s Social Democrats look to lead government
By Richard Milne in Stockholm
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c4f69bec-3c2b-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Depts on brink of closure  Rajasthan University V-C recruits 241 teachersPrint
Written by Sweta Dutta | Jaipur | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:06 am
In what is being considered a watershed in the history of Rajasthan University, 241 new teachers were appointed recently. The university last saw a recruitment drive in 1982 and was since relying on ad hoc appointments until Dr Dev Swarup took over as vice-chancellor last year.  He has emerged as the new idol on campus, credited with bringing about change by fighting corruption and nepotism.  When Swarup took over, the varsity was facing acute shortage of teachers.  Around 17 departments were on the brink of closure, while Bar Council had directed that the law college cannot admit students.
Despite a sanctioned faculty strength of 900, the institution had not made a single appointment in 32 years. Instead, it had appointed  272 teachers on ad hoc basis, without any selection process.
An advertisement in 2012 sought applications for 494 vacancies, but no appointments were made. “After I took over in July, my first priority was to get classes running, for which appointments were crucial. By this time, we had already received 18,500 applications. We found discrepancies in many of them,” recalled Swarup.
He added that there were calls from politicians, bureaucrats, media and the judiciary, recommending candidates. “The state government and the Governor nominees chose to walk out of the selection process when informed that interviews will be held with transparency. We overcame these stumbling blocks, thanks to then Governor Margaret Alva and Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot, who not only supported me but made not one recommendation themselves,” he said.
The code of conduct imposed during Assembly polls in December delayed recruitments. Also, as many as 87 court cases were filed during the recruitment process, alleging irregularities. “Lawyers made matters worse. Many of their relatives failed to secure a spot and (they) were extremely upset,” said Swarup.
On August 7, the court upheld the appointments and ordered that ‘the procedure followed by the university was error-free’.
Out of the 241 assistant professors appointed, 106 are from SC/ST, 81 from OBC, 6 physically challenged and 48 from unreserved categories.

Sebi likely to ease deadline for corp. governance normsN Sundaresha Subramanian & Samie Modak |  New Delhi/ Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:59 AM IST
Sebi likely to ease deadline for corp. governance norms
Two weeks ahead of October 1 deadline, Sebi likely to relax certain conditions
Two weeks before the deadline for implementation of new corporate-governance norms, corporate India could expect some relief from the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi). The announcements were expected this week, people familiar with the developments said.
Sebi is likely to extend the compliance deadline for certain select provisions under the amended listing agreement by six months. The new deadline for these is likely to be April 1.
“One major relief is likely to be on the requirement for woman directors. Many companies had expressed their inability to comply with the norms in such a short period, while others were trying to fill in by roping in wives and relatives,” said a source familiar with the development. A senior Sebi official handling the matter did not respond to calls and text messages.
RELIEF ON THE CARDS
Deadline for provisions governing composition of board might be extended to April 1
The provision for woman directorship might be relaxed
Provisions governing e-voting could be reviewed
Committee to be formed to look into practical issues in e-voting
But major relief on related-party transactions unlikely
The move is expected to be a relief for the corporate sector, which was running from pillar to post to comply with the new Clauses 49 and 35 B of the listing agreement, amended in April and scheduled to take effect from October 1. While the amended clause 49 had tightened the regime controlling related-party transactions, board independence and representation of women on boards, clause 35B extended compulsory electronic voting (e-voting) facility at shareholder meetings of all listed firms. Earlier, such e-voting was limited to the top 500 firms.
According to Indian Boards, a firm maintaining a database of listed companies’ boards, 730 of the 1,470 companies listed on the National Stock Exchange are yet to appoint woman directors. At least 40 woman directors will have to be added on a daily basis this month if all companies have to comply with the mandatory requirement of one women director ahead of the October 1 deadline.
“Since August, we are seeing between five and 10 woman directors getting appointed on a daily basis. However, I still don’t see the deadline being met, as more than 50 per cent of the companies are yet to comply,” said Prime Database Managing Director Pranav Haldea. He added public-sector undertakings had not seen any action on this front so far.
Further, due to a revised cap on tenures and number of directors, several independent directors had to give up some of their lucrative board positions. According to estimates, corporate India will require 5,000 independent directors over the next few years.
The regulator is also likely to announce the formation of a committee to look into practical difficulties in the implementation of compulsory electronic voting (e-voting) at shareholder meetings. The composition of the panel is not clear.
“The Companies Act provision in this regard has been relaxed. At present, the rules require e-voting three days before the annual general meeting. What happens if the shareholder changes his mind after hearing the chairman’s speech on a particular issue? We have suggested e-voting be conducted after the AGM. This way, one could have control over people who have attended the meeting and already voted,” said a New Delhi-based consultant.
Companies have also expressed concerns over the stringent regime proposed for related-party transactions. As it stands  now, the definition of related-party transactions under clause 49 is far wider than that given in the Companies Act. It also does not provide for exemption clauses, such as “during the normal course of business” and “at arm’s length.” However, sources said major relief on these provisions was unlikely. Sources said, without elaborating on specifics, there could be some steps towards alignment of Sebi norms with the provisions of the Companies Act.  
“Clause 49 and Companies Act differ on two counts. First, these are not aligned for many provisions. Second, for some provisions, Clause 49 is more stringent than the Companies Act. So, companies will face issues in terms of non-alignment and stricter provisions. For the provisions that are not aligned, for instance, there are certain clauses, primarily on related-party transactions and independent directors, that are not in sync with the Companies Act. These will need to be ironed out,” said Lalit Kumar, partner, J Sagar Associates.
But Sebi officials have at public fora repeatedly denied any major relaxation in these provisions. Sebi Chairman U K Sinha recently suggested the firms facing issues with compliance with the Clause 49 provisions should approach Sebi, which would be ready to make accommodations. In recent interactions, Sebi officials have said they might not suspend trading in firms failing to comply but those could be censured or a penalty could be imposed.
 Advertisements

Gamers Use Police Hoax to Lash out at OpponentsPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

SABMiller to double down on craft beerLast updated: June 8, 2014 5:32 pm
SABMiller to step up craft beer production
By Scheherazade Daneshkhu, Consumer Industries Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/85c629cc-ef20-11e3-acad-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rupee falls on importer dollar demand  weak sharesPress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 02:31 PM IST
Rupee hits 1-month low
The rupee depreciated by 32 paise to 60.97 against the US dollar in early trade today at the Interbank Foreign Exchange due to increased demand for the US currency from importers amid a weak opening in the domestic equity market.  Forex dealers said besides fresh demand from importers for the American unit, a lower opening in the domestic equity market as well as decline in industrial production growth to 4-month low of 0.5 per cent in July, put pressure on the rupee.  However, the dollar's gain
The rupee fell to as much as 61.11, the lowest since August 14, tracking weaker Asian currencies.
 
It was last trading at 61.04 versus Friday's close of 60.65/66.
Traders cited sustained dollar buying from foreign banks.
 
USD/INR pared some gains after RBI Governor Rajan's comments. Rajan said India's macroeconomic indicators are improving and inflation has been coming down.
 
CPI data on Friday, WPI data on Monday had limited impact.
 Advertisements

Nifty breaks 8050; Gail  Hindalco  Tata Steel decline 2-3%Live Market Commentary
11:00am FII View
The Sensex plunged 199.13 points to 26861.91 and the Nifty lost 55.35 points to 8050.15. However, technical analyst Chris Roberts of Asianomics believes India is a standout performer this year versus its Asian peers. He is comfortable on India’s long-term potential though he feels Asia’s third largest economy may pose some risk reward concerns in the short-term.
Roberts continues to be overweight on India and is quite confident that the market hasn't finished its bull run and there is a lot of potential to take it to a much higher level.
He expects Sensex to double from its current levels of around 27000 in the long-term. Nifty is likely to scale to higher levels even from current levels, he believes.
On the downside, Nifty may find support at 7700-7800 levels, he adds.
10:45am KS Oils in News
The Sensex fell 216.40 points to 26844.64 and the Nifty declined 62.05 points to 8043.45 whereas shares of KS Oils are locked at 5 percent upper circuit as lenders may sell company's businesses to get their money back.
Bankers shortlisted bidders to sell KS Oils’ edible oil business and wind power assets, reports CNBC-TV18 quoting unnamed sources.
Currently the company has 78 MW of wind power assets. It is learnt that bankers shortlisted 10-15 players for wind power assets sale, through which they are likely to get Rs 200-250 crore.
Ruchi Soya is one of the players bidding for KS Oils’ edible oil business, say sources, adding lenders appointed SBI Capital Markets to auction 92 windmills.
10:30am Oil slips further
The Sensex declined 193.64 points to 26867.40 and the Nifty dropped 55.40 points to 8050.10.
Oil prices fell in Asia today after a sharp slowdown in Chinese industrial production raised concerns about slackening demand in the world's top energy consumer, analysts said.
US benchmark West Texas Intermediate for October delivery eased USD 1.06 to USD 91.21, while Brent crude for October fell 63 cents to USD 96.48 in mid-morning trade.
China said on Saturday that industrial production grew 6.9 percent last month, its weakest rate since December 2008. The key indicator slumped from 9.0 percent growth in July, reports PTI.
10:20am Interview
The Sensex fell 211.13 points to 26849.91 but Info Edge India rose 1.04 percent to Rs 882.30.
Providers of online classifieds in recruitment, matrimonial, real estate and education Info Edge has raised Rs 750 crore through the qualified institutional placements or QIP route by selling 1.01 crore shares at Rs 740 per share.
Hitesh Oberoi, CEO and MD, Info Edge, says the company is raising funds to create a war chest for 99Acres, for acquisitions and for investing in existing companies.
He says the company keeps scouting the market for acquisitions all the time considering real estate – the online space – is such a hot sector. According to him, real estate will be a good sector for the medium term, even if it means clocking losses in the short term.
“The market has only just begun to recover, with continued recovery Naukri will bounce back and see profits too,” Oberoi says about Naukri.com.
He says when investors look at Info Edge, they don’t see past performances but look for future potential in all the businesses it has invested into.
10:10am Market Expert
Sanjay Dutt, director, Quantum Securities recommends selling at every single bounce now.
According to him, the global landscape is unclear right now and it is best to stay away from the market currently. Dutt expects market to correct in the short-term though the correction may not be more than 10 percent.
He does not see Nifty falling below 7700-7800. He, however, maintains a bullish stance on the Nifty from a longer-term perspective
10:00am Equity benchmarks extended losses in morning trade with the Sensex falling 216.31 points to 26844.73 and the Nifty losing 64.65 points to 8040.85 weighed down by oil & gas, banks, capital goods, auto and FMCG stocks.
However, the loss in broader markets was less compared to benchmarks. The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices were down 0.5 percent and 0.2 percent, respectively. About 1030 shares have advanced, 1147 shares declined, and 70 shares are unchanged.
Gail, Tata Steel and Hindalco Industries tumbled over 2 percent followed by HDFC, ITC, ICICI Bank, L&T, Infosys, Reliance Industries, Tata Motors, ONGC, M&M, Axis Bank and SBI with 1-1.5 percent.
However, HDFC Bank bucked the trend, up over 1 percent as Managing Director Aditya Puri is affirmative that the growth will get back to 25 percent and even 30 percent growth when the economy gets back to 6-7 percent growth, which he expects by FY16. While the bank had grown at 25 percent for the past around 76 quarters, growth in the last four quarters came down towards 20 percent.
Cipla extended gains to 3 percent in addition to 6 percent rally in previous session while Dr Reddy's Labs rose 0.8 percent. Sun Pharma climbed 0.5 percent on getting USFDA nod for Levonorgestrel oral tablets (a contraceptive drug).
09:15

Overweight on India; Nifty to scale even higher: Asianomics08:00 am
Technical Analyst Chris Roberts of Asianomics believes India is a standout performer this year versus its Asian peers. He is comfortable on India’s long-term potential though he feels Asia’s third largest economy may pose some risk reward concerns in the short-term.
Roberts continues to be overweight on India and is quite confident that the market hasn't finished its bull run and there is a lot of potential to take it to a much higher level.
He expects Sensex to double from its current levels of around 27000 in the long-term. Nifty is likely to scale to higher levels even from current levels, he believes.
On the downside, Nifty may find support at 7700-7800 levels, he adds.
Among stocks, Roberts is bullish on Apollo Hospitals ,  ONGC and ICICI Bank .
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: It has been a one rollicking start to the year, the Nifty is up almost 28 percent up until now. Will things slow down for the index now or do you think the upmove will continue?
A: It has been a very good year for India particularly if you compare it to emerging markets in Asia ex-Japan. It is clearly the standout performer and is clearly a story that investors believe have some traction because it just keeps going.
We had a pause between May and August at around 7,500 level on the Nifty, which was something we were concerned about but the market edged above that and now it has succeeded 8,000. We still have the same approach to India at this stage. We are comfortable in the longer-term but in the shorter-term, we had risk reward concerns. So we have been adding quite cautiously to positions during its rotations.
In May, August, there was a lot of rotation in the market and it gave you a chance to pick up a few things which were getting sold off or other stocks which were doing very well. The big thing is that the financials are already beginning to act a lot better in the market.
Q: Where do you think support is strong for the Nifty in the event of a downturn?
A: We need to look at the background. There has been an increased nervousness around the world in the past six weeks.
A lot of markets have moved to new bull market highs like Japan, emerging markets MSCI emerging markets index, the Hang Seng index, there are new highs but there has been a reluctance to step forward and push the markets higher.
That has not been the case in India. So if there was a no more market correction, we didn’t have to worry about externals, we have shown that 7,500 has been conquered and so, my anticipation would be that market might pullback to something like 7,700 or 7,800 and then turn up again. This is a normal correction but you have to keep one eye on these overseas markets now due to the lack of follow-through we have seen to new highs on certain markets.
Q: Since you believe that the longer-term potential is very much intact for this market, where do you see the Nifty 12-15 months down the line?
A: We have put out a piece on the Sensex quite sometime ago, which essentially said that  Sensex will double from current levels on a longer-term basis. One of the hardest things to do in our part of the business is to talk about time.
The structure to me suggests that the Nifty has significant higher levels to go to. Where we would be in a year from now, I wouldn’t need to hazard a guess but just looking at the structure of the market, how long it took to get above 6,500, the amount of work done below that level, I am quite convinced we haven’t finished the bull market here.
I’m anticipating a lot more upside potential going forward but calendar date is something that I wouldn’t want to do. We continue to say to people, we don’t want to take profits on the stocks we are holding because they are all acting very well and we are happy to run the profits here. But we are now watching carefully due to what I mentioned a minute ago.
If we see further deceleration in overseas markets or lack of interest in overseas markets at some stage, people are going to look at their engine portfolios and wonder whether they should be taking a bit of a protection there.
Q: Since you are saying that so much crucially hinges on the global performance, can you give us your view of the US S&P 500 as well, has it peaked off, would you worry that there could be an intermediate downturn there and what would be the relative performance of the S&P and Nifty?
A: The most important index that worked for us is S&P 500. We follow the trend of that market. It is way too sane to say that that market is in trouble but it is clear that there is a far more nervous market around and people are referring to what has happened.
We have had a tremendous run of the lows we saw in 2008 and 2009 and based on the history of the S&P, we will be expecting that move to have limited lifespan at this juncture. Historically, we have had a bull market.
A cyclical bull market that lasts quite as long as we have seen so far, this is one of the longest cylical bull markets. So I would be concerned, you will see the US market have a correction but the other indices are not there yet.
Q: On which Indian stocks are you overweight now?
A: We have mentioned a number of them in the past. New names that we have been recommending in the past couple of months - we have seen improvement in healthcare again and so we have recommended a healthcare stock which is Apollo Hospitals.
On the banking side, we like the way ICICI Bank is holding its gains - that has been impressive. Another stock which looks like it is just ranging before it can go higher again is ONGC. These are the names that we have been looking at in the past two-three months and recommending investors to have a look at those stocks.
RELATED NEWS

Samsung alleges LG executives destroyed its products at Berlin stores#samsung #lg #samsung vs lg
Seoul: Samsung said Sunday it had requested a state investigation of senior executives from its South Korean rival LG for allegedly destroying its products at stores in Berlin, renewing a bitter feud between the electronics giants.
Samsung said it had asked Seoul prosecutors to investigate "a president and other executives of a Korean company" for defamation, property damage and obstruction of business.
LG admitted Sunday that its executives were the target of the accusation.
Surveillance video footage showed several Asian men destroy door hinges of washing machines and leave.
Samsung complained earlier this month that several washing machines at two major electronics stores in the German capital were found damaged in the same manner.
The incident took place during the high-profile IFA trade fair in Berlin, where major electronics giants including Samsung and LG showcase their latest gadgets and appliances.
Surveillance video footage showed several Asian men - later identified as executives from the rival firm - destroy door hinges of the washers and leave, Samsung said.
"The company in question has tarnished not only Samsung's brand image but also the reputation of Samsung employees by making slanderous claims that our washing machines were defective," it said in a statement.
"We also strongly believe that the truth must be revealed for the sake of fostering fair competition," it said.
LG rejected part of the accusation, saying its executives had made the visit only for market research and had no intention of destroying products on display.
But it also snapped back saying, "washing machines from a certain company appeared to have far weaker door hinges than those from others."
"We hope that this incident is not aimed at tarnishing our reputation as the world's top maker of washing machines," LG said in a statement.
Samsung produces a range of electronic products from refrigerators to TV, leading the global markets for mobile phones and flat-screen TVs.
Its smaller rival LG is one of the world's biggest manufacturers of home appliances including refrigerators and washing machines.
The two have for years locked horns in the home market over a series of bitter PR disputes over supremacy of their own products and technology patent lawsuits.
A high-profile legal battle involving display technology patents even led Seoul's trade minister to arrange a meeting last year between the CEOs of their display units, who later dropped all lawsuits.

Why almost a third of overseas Chinese investments failChina's Transition
September 15, 2014
Chinese outbound direct investment reached a record $108 billion in 2013, a 22.8% rise from the year before, making China one of the world’s largest investors. But some 30% of those investments tend to fail, according to Edwin Lee, an investment consultant with Chadbourne & Parke. One major problem is that Chinese firms tend to rely heavily on interpersonal relationships to get things done—known in Chinese as guanxi, which in practice often means getting things done via bribery and gift-giving.
“They stick to the usual Chinese methods, relying on relationships and personalities,” Lee told the environmental nonprofit ChinaDialogue . “Too much focus on their own aims will create major problems for later cooperation.”
Chinese investment is increasingly coming from private firms  encouraged by the government’s “going out” policy rather than deep-pocketed state-owned firms, and is flowing into industries like IT and telecommunications, consumer goods, and manufacturing, as well as energy and power. But all too often foreign investments have also given Chinese companies a bad reputation. In Africa, for example, Chinese companies are working to turning around an image of focusing solely on accessing resources , at the expense of the local environment and relations with the workers and community members of the host country.
Troubled deals have also caused not a few international scuffles: Earlier this year, Australian member of parliament Clive Palmer, who owns a Western Australia iron ore mine with a heavy investment from the Chinese company Citic Pacific, accused the company of not fully paying for resources. The project has been delayed and spending has gone four times over budget  (paywall), and is likely to cost Citic Pacific hundreds of millions of dollars this year.
China’s natural resources deals in general have been a sore spot as Beijing rushed to buy up commodities over the past decade, with the head of the country’s mining association estimating that 80% of all overseas mining deals had failed.
 
Share this:
Top News

Fund raising via QIP route nears record highDeepak Korgaonkar & Puneet Wadhwa |  Mumbai/New Delhi Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 10:50 PM IST
Fund-raising via QIPs nears record high
So far this year, 20 firms have raised Rs 28,078 cr through this route, the highest since 2009
An improvement in macroeconomic indicators through the past few months and a rally in equity markets have helped restore some of India Inc’s confidence, with companies looking to raise funds for capital expenditure, as well as other activities. So far this year, 20 companies have together raised Rs 28,078 crore through QIPs (qualified institutional placements), the most since 2009, when 53 companies raised a record Rs 34,676 crore through this route. In 2010, 59 firms mobilised Rs 26,147 crore, according to PRIME Database.
Between 2011 and 2013, 31 companies had collectively mobilised Rs 16,240 crore through this route; the companies opting for this route was low due to volatile market conditions. During this period, the benchmark Sensex had gained 3.2 per cent.
“An improved market sentiment and buoyancy have enabled stressed companies to raise money through the QIP route. India Inc has been in need of capital and a turnaround in the overall sentiment has helped them raise funds. I think this trend will continue because the current round of fund raising has been by stressed companies that face pressure on their balance sheet, besides a few others. The next round will be growth-related capital — money will be raised for capacity expansion and growth,” said Vaibhav Sanghavi, director (equities) at Ambit Investment Advisors.
Election boost
Following the outcome of the general elections this year, which saw the markets strengthen further, there has been a sudden spurt in the number of companies looking to raise funds. Since then, 17 companies have together raised about Rs 20,000 crore. During this period, the Sensex has rallied about 20 per cent (it stood at 22,417 on April 30).
In the past two weeks, four companies — IDFC, Info Edge, ITD Cementation India and Gammon Infrastructure Projects — have collectively raised Rs 2,153 crore through QIPs. The boards of directors of Dynamatic Technologies and Sadbhav Engineering have approved fund raising through this route. “The business community has seen a sharp increase in confidence and we expect this to result in strong domestic economic growth, leading to increased earnings. In expectation, stocks have seen a huge out-performance; we feel some have already priced ahead of the fundamentals,” said R Sreesankar, head of institutional equities, Prabhudas Lilladher.
Larsen and Toubro, Adani Enterprises, Apollo Tyres and JSW Energy are among the 20 companies looking to collectively raise about Rs 45,000 crore through this route; these have already sought/secured shareholder approval for the move. At its 27th annual general meeting at the end of this month, Sun Pharmaceutical plans to secure shareholder approval to raise Rs 12,000 crore through a QIP.
In the banking segment, Canara Bank, Syndicate Bank, Union Bank of India, United Bank of India and IDBI Bank plan to raise funds through the QIP route. “Usually, banks raise QIP money through a period of time; one of the reasons is to ensure they maintain the capital adequacy ratio, besides growth capital,” says Sanghavi of Ambit.
 Advertisements

GVK faces a tough challenge to pay $560 mn for Australia coal assetsReuters |  New Delhi/Melbourne Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 11:00 AM IST
GVK faces Oct deadline for $560 mn final payment for Australia coal assets
Indian conglomerate GVK Group faces an October deadline to pay a final $560 million to billionaire Australian miner Gina Rinehart for coal assets it bought in 2011 and has yet to develop in Australia's outback.
Indian conglomerate GVK Group faces an October deadline to pay a final $560 million to billionaire Australian miner Gina Rinehart for coal assets it bought in 2011 and has yet to develop in Australia's outback.
The looming payment is the latest headache for GVK on three projects it took over at the height of the coal boom, which industry experts see as uneconomic with coal prices mired at 5-year lows and unlikely to be developed for several years.
GVK bought 79% stakes in the Alpha and Alpha West coal projects and a 100% stake in the Kevin's Corner project from Rinehart's Hancock Prospecting for $1.26 billion, agreeing to pay the sum in three stages, with the final payment of $560 million no later than three years after the deal closed.
A senior GVK executive, who spoke on condition he was not named, confirmed the payment is yet to be made and is due next month.
Back in 2011, GVK had hoped the first mine would start producing in 2014, but the company has yet to sign off on a $10 billion plan to build a mine, rail and port as the coal price slump has made it tough to attract funding.
With no income from the project yet, the company faces a tough challenge to fork out $560 million.
"They will have to go to the banks and raise another loan," said Vibhor Singhal, an analyst at Phillip Capital.
"The future of the project is not in jeopardy. However, nothing has started yet, so there is still a question over how they can raise the funds and when they will start mining."
Two people familiar with GVK's Galilee Basin project said given the circumstances, GVK would probably need to renegotiate the payment deadline.
"Any such payments are a commercial matter and will be dealt with accordingly," said Josh Euler, a GVK Resources spokesman, in an emailed statement to Reuters. He declined to comment on how GVK would finance the payment.
Encouraged by huge energy demand in their home market and a shortage of domestic supply, Indian firms like GVK and Adani have spent billions overseas - including in Australia - to mine coal, which they want to ship to India to feed power plants.
But the projects in Australia have come up against a series of hurdles, including environmental opposition to the mines and the expansion of a port near the Great Barrier Reef that will be used to ship the coal.
The GVK Hancock project lies in the Galilee Basin, where massive reserves of coal remain untapped due to the costs of building ports and rail lines to Australia's east coast nearly 500 kms (310 miles) away.
GVK's share in the joint venture GVK Hancock is majority-owned by parent GVK Group, with listed entity GVK Power & Infrastructure
owning the remainder.
Shares in GVK, which has a market capitalisation of $330 million, have lost 23% since June 1 against a 2.4% rise in the CNX INFRA Index, as the firm struggles to stem losses, trim its Rs 22,000 crore ($3.63 billion) in debts and the Hancock liabilities weigh on the stock, analysts say.
The listed company made a loss after tax of Rs 83.1 crore in the three months to end-June, widening from a loss of Rs 66. crore a year earlier.
A Hancock official did not respond to an email seeking comment.
 Advertisements

August WPI inflation eases to 3.74% Vs 5.19 MoMSep 15, 2014, 01.43 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
August WPI inflation hits a 5 year low of 3.74%
Experts see today's data as an impressive one, which indicates that the pace of growth of inflation has been slowing down, but they say one should not hope for an interest rate cut anytime soon.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
August WPI inflation hits a 5 year low of 3.74%
Experts see today's data as an impressive one, which indicates that the pace of growth of inflation has been slowing down, but they say one should not hope for an interest rate cut anytime soon.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Inflation data based on wholesale price index (WPI) for August hit a five year low at 3.74 percent courtesy declining vegetable prices and other food articles. August WPI inflation stood at 5.19 percent in July. A CNBC-TV18 poll estimated it to be at 4.1 percent.
Food inflation in August hit a lowest level since January 2012. It eased to 5.15 percent versus 8.43 percent on a month-on-month (MoM) basis. Vegetable prices contracted 4.88 percent. Maintaining a downward trend, the onion prices contracted by 44.7 percent in August.  Inflation in the fruits basket eased to 20.31 percent in August. While prices of protein rich items like egg, meat and fish contracted during the month, inflation in milk and pulses inched up to 12.18 percent and 7.81 percent, respectively, as compared to July.
Further, August fuel inflation also hit a five-year low with the fuel and power group inflation declining to 4.54 percent versus 7.40 percent (MoM).
June WPI inflation has been revised to 5.66 percent from 5.43 percent previously.
Also Read: CPI at 8% in Jan 2015 seems a safe forecast, says Moody's
"This number is much better than what we were expecting. Yes, there was a significant base effect from last year, but fall in global commodity prices is having a positive impact on WPI. The impact of cooling global commodity prices is much larger on WPI than on CPI hence the WPI correction has been much sharper, “Samiran Chakraborty, head of research, Standard Chartered said in an interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar.
Chakraborty further highlighted that the rupee was at 68/USD last year in August and today it is 60/USD, so this huge improvement in exchange rate would have also aided this fall in WPI inflation.
Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic adviser, State Bank of India had estimated August WPI inflation to come in at 4 percent. According to him, since WPI food inflation is declining at much faster rate CPI food component, one can hope for a sobering impact on CPI food inflation as well, which has remained at elevated levels. “International commodity and crude prices have corrected to multi-year lows. As much as two-third of global prices has impact on WPI given that on a seasonally adjusted basis, the WPI for this fiscal could be around 4-4.5 percent, “he added. Continuing his optimistic tone, he said that core inflation has trended down, so one should not be surprised if the whole year average for WPI is at around 4 percent. Core inflation was at 3. 5 percent in July.
Meanwhile, Vivek Rajpal, executive director - Asia Rates Strategy, Nomura is of the view that fall in core CPI data announced last week was a bigger surprise than today's WPI data. "These numbers indicate that inflation trajectory is declining and are positive from a rate perspective, but the central bank will cut interest rates much later than it is in the price, so longer-end bonds will continue to rally. The spread between longer-end bonds and repo will compress even much ahead of the actual rate cut, whenever it gets delivered," he said.
Despite WPI inflation cooling off the Indian equity benchmarks gave a muted reaction probably because the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) closely watches the CPI inflation data rather than WPI while taking a decision on interest rates. Experts see today's data as an impressive one, which indicates that the pace of growth of inflation has been slowing down, but they say one should not hope for an interest rate cut anytime soon. 
The next RBI monetary policy is on September 30.
For the complete interview watch the accompanying videos.
RELATED NEWS

Mastek up 15%  to merge insurance products services bizSep 15, 2014, 08.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Mastek up 15%, to demerge insurance products & services biz
As per the company, Mastek shareholders will get one equity share of Majesco for every equity share held in Mastek, in addition to their existing Mastek shares. It also said that Majesco is proposed to be listed on the BSE and NSE where Mastek is currently listed.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Mastek up 15%, to demerge insurance products & services biz
As per the company, Mastek shareholders will get one equity share of Majesco for every equity share held in Mastek, in addition to their existing Mastek shares. It also said that Majesco is proposed to be listed on the BSE and NSE where Mastek is currently listed.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Mastek are roaring with hefty gains after it announced demerger of the insurance products and services business into a separate listed company. The stock soared 15 percent intraday, hitting 4.2 year high at Rs 269.50 per share.
“The board has approved the demerger of the insurance products and services business of into Minefields Computers to be renamed as Majesco followed by transfer of the offshore insurance operations by Majesco to Majesco Software and Solutions India, a wholly owned subsidiary of Majesco Mastek Insurance Software and Solutions,” it said in a press statement issued to the exchanges.
As per the company, Mastek shareholders will get one equity share of Majesco for every equity share held in Mastek, in addition to their existing Mastek shares. It also said that Majesco is proposed to be listed on the BSE and NSE where Mastek is currently listed.
The appointed date for the demerger is April 1, 2014 and the appointed date for the offhsore insurance transfer will be November 1, 2014.
At 11:49 hrs Mastek was quoting at Rs 263.20, up Rs 28.70, or 12.24 percent on the BSE.
Posted by Nasrin Sultana

Maharashtra: BJP hopeful of positive outcome even as Shiv Sena refuses to bend#bjp #shiv sena #maharashtra #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #mukhtar abbas naqvi #uddhav thackeray
Mumbai: As Shiv Sena has been adamant on not to give equal seats to its ally Bharatiya Janata Party to contest polls in the upcoming Maharashtra Assembly elections, the latter is still hopeful of a positive outcome. The Sena had also threatened to break the alliance if the BJP demanded a greater seat share.
BJP leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi said, "Shiv Sena is a time tested friend. I'm sure seat sharing talks will be positive. It's premature to comment on any statement or write up."
On Sunday, BJP leader in-charge of Maharashtra affairs Rajiv Pratap Rudy said the party had proposed that after allotting respective share of seats to smaller alliance partners, including RPI (Athavale) and Swabhiman Party led by Raju Shetty, the remaining seats should be divided equally between BJP and Shiv Sena.
"Based on this, we expect to contest about 135 seats, leaving the same number to Shiv Sena", Rudy had said.
The BJP also disapproved Thackeray's statement that in the event of a saffron victory, the top post would go to Shiv Sena and that he was not averse to assuming it.
Expressing party's displeasure over the statement made by Thackeray on a TV channel and prominently published in the Sena mouthpiece 'Saamna', Rudy said, "It is desirable to refrain from making such statements prior to elections and talks."
He added that the two parties are yet to discuss on chief ministership.
Traditionally, Shiv Sena gets a larger chunk of seats in the Assembly elections, while the BJP contests more seats in Lok Sabha polls.
In the 2009 Assembly polls, Shiv Sena had contested 169 seats and won 44, while BJP bagged 46 despite putting up candidates in only 119 seats. The 2014 Lok Sabha election saw BJP win 23 seats against Shiv Sena's 18.
Shiv Sena had through its editorial 'Saamna' warned the BJP of demanding a greater seat share ahead of elections. Citing a recent court verdict, Sena said, "excessive lust leads to divorce" and asked the constituents of 'Mahayuti' to exercise restraint while demanding extra share during seat allocation talks.
This was accompanied by Sena supremo Uddhav Thackeray seeking to become the next Maharashtra Chief Minister. "I want the people to give me a chance and they will not be given a chance to complain," he had said on Saturday during an interaction organised by a private news channel.

The US shale oil boom is saving the world almost $5 billion a dayEnergy Shocks
September 15, 2014
Oil prices continue to plunge today despite the beheading of another western hostage by the Islamic State, tensions between Russia and the West, and mayhem in Libya. As Quartz has reported, one of the main reasons is surging US oil production , which has made up for supply disruption almost barrel for barrel—and is also a bad sign for the leaders of petrostates.
Now we have an estimate of where oil prices might have been absent the American oil boom—a sobering $150 a barrel, former BP CEO Tony Hayward told the Financial Times (paywall).
That’s 55% higher than the current benchmark price of $96.27 that was trading in Asia this morning. If Hayward’s number is right, it means that the US boom is saving the global economy about $4.9 billion a day in oil spending. Global consumers currently demand about 92 million barrels of oil a day, and without the extra US supply the market would be about 3 million barrels short, sufficient to send traders into a frenzy bidding up the price.
Since 2011, US oil production has soared by about 3 million barrels a day, to about 8.5 million barrels, thanks mostly to the technique of hydraulic fracturing in shale oil fields. That is just a bit less than the volume of oil production that has been persistently off line since the 2011 Arab Spring ushered in the three-year wave of unusual oil disruptions the world has experienced. When you add in a 1-million-barrel-a-day rise in Canadian oil production in the same time period, North America as a region has swamped the lost barrels.
Hayward, who now chairs UK-based Genel Energy, has no obvious stake in talking up American shale—his company’s investments are in frontier markets like Somaliland, Iraqi Kurdistan, and Morocco. The main point of the FT interview was a warning that western sanctions on Russia, where he made some of his biggest bets while with BP, could ultimately backfire and send prices racing back up.
Although Hayward is the most prominent industry observer to put a price tag on US shale, he is not the first: In May an analyst with IHS Energy gave the same estimate  of $150 a barrel if all that fracking weren’t taking place. The ultimate costs and benefits of fracking, meanwhile, are a much more complicated question .
Share this:
Top News

Terrifying before and after images of the Kashmir floodsTerrifying before and after images of the Kashmir floods
Written by
Ronny Sen Ronny Sen is a Kolkata-based photographer
September 15, 2014
A satellite image of Srinagar, as viewed on Google Crisis Maps.
SHARE
Ronny Sen Ronny Sen is a Kolkata-based photographer
September 15, 2014
It has been difficult to get a sense of the frightening scale of the destruction that Jammu and Kashmir has witnessed since torrential rains began pounding down more than 10 days ago.
The numbers —or even the images from the ground—fail to convey it.
“Kashmir Valley was like an ocean,” an Indian Air Force officer said  on Sunday, recalling how the thickly populated valley that surrounds Srinagar, the state’s capital, looked when the armed forces began their massive rescue and relief operation last week.
“We could not distinguish between Jhelum, Dal Lake and the inhabited areas. It was just one water body,” he said.
Sourced from Google  Crisis Map  on September 13, these satellite images show how Srinagar has been ravaged by the worst floods in over a century.
Srinagar
The capital city has been transformed from a bustling metropolis of over a million people into a flooded city where hundreds of thousands were marooned.

Android One Launch: Live | Smartphones priced at Rs 6 399It's a tough battle and Google needs to step up the Android One game. There is nothing that sets these devices apart anymore.
02:26 PM
Canvas A1: The Android One smartphone from Micromax
02:04 PM
The first set of Android one devices are Micromax Canvas A1, Spice Dream Uno and Karbonn Sparkle V - all priced between Rs 6,000 - 7,000.
01:49 PM
Qualcomm is the new hardware partner for the Android One Program
Chipset manufacturer Qualcomm is the new hardware partner for the Android One Program which means that future devices will likely see Qualcomm processors in addition to the current Mediatek.
01:45 PM
Sundar Pichai also announced the next set of partners for Android One handsets. This includes Acer, Alcatel, ASUS, HTC, Intex, Lava, Lenovo, Panasonic and Xolo.
01:44 PM
The smartphones will go on sale starting 3.30pm today and they will also be available across physical stores from October 2014 onwards near Diwali.
01:44 PM
Spice will be available on Flipkart, Karbonn will sell on Amazon India and Micromax’s offering can be purchased from Snapdeal.
01:44 PM
Each brand has been paired with one ecommerce website an exclusive tie-up
01:43 PM
Airtel users can download Android software updates over 3G as well as 200MB worth of apps per month for six months at no cost>
01:43 PM
Google has also partnered with various network operators on special data packages for Android One users
01:41 PM
In terms of specifications, all the three manufactures have adhered to the minimum requirements set by Google.
The phones have a 4.5-inch display (845 x 480 pixels), dual SIM support and run a stock version of Android 4.4.
Hardware specifications include a quad core Mediatek processor, 1GB RAM, 4GB storage, microSD card for expansion (up to 32GB supported) and dual cameras.
This specification set ensures a fluid experience for the user, as opposed to many cheaper Android phones that are already available in the market.   >
01:40 PM
The first set of Android one devices are Micromax Canvas A1 , Spice Dream Uno and Karbonn Sparkle V – all priced between Rs 6,000 – 7,000.
01:16 PM
As Chennai boy Sundar Pichai announces Android One for India. Here is what makes him special:
Pichai, who has an educational background in business administration, has worked for Google since 2004.
He started as a product manager for Google Toolbar, an extension that Internet Explorer users could install for making quick Google searches.
He proved he could build strong relationships with other companies and managed to grow Toolbar's user base to about one in four web users by 2006.
Many Google employees picture Pichai as being the next CEO. He's like the Tim Cook to Apple's Steve Jobs: Not necessarily a man with a grand creative vision about how the company will change the world, but one that knows how to lead.
01:09 PM
4 billion people have no Internet access, while 1 billion are in India. Pichai says that AndroidOne will help India catch up
12:48 PM
What is Android One?
Android One is a program announced by Google's head of Android, Chrome web browser and apps Sundar Pichai back in June which promised rich smartphone experience on low-cost devices as Google will set minimum standards on hardware and software to be used by handset makers.
12:47 PM
By controlling hardware and software, akin to what Apple does, Google aims to bring user experience found on high-end smartphones to the affordable end of the device spectrum.
12:38 PM
Airtel, Reliance Communications to offer bundled data packs with Android One smartphones
Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communications are likely to offer bundled data plans with the Android One smartphones, bolstering Google's efforts in making mobile Internet more affordable in India, the fourth largest smartphone market globally after China, US & Brazil, with 111 million users.
12:35 PM
Smartphone Market Stats
Samsung is the leader with 29% market share, while Micromax holds 18% and Karbonn holds 8% shares. The Android One devices could propel the Indian brands further up in the market.
12:34 PM
India will be the ground zero for Google's Android One initiative over the next few months.
12:33 PM
Expectations from these devices, which are low-cost, are sky high since they come with Android experience.
12:20 PM
Google launches Android One, smartphones to be priced at around Rs 6,399
Android One will come bundled with local language support for Hindi, which is the first language for over 40% of the Indian population. Indian users will be able to give voice commands, type messages and use almost all major mobile applications in Hindi.
12:17 PM
More Android One devices to come in following months, above and below price band of Rs 6,300
12:08 PM
Google plans to expand Android One to Indonesia, Phillippines and other South Asian countries by the end of 2014 and in more countries in 2015.
12:06 PM
Facebook will benefit as much as Google as new smartphone users will also log into the former's popular social networking and messenger applications.
12:04 PM
11:55 AM
Micromax, Karbonn and Spice are the first set of manufacturers to participate in the Android One program
11:54 AM
Will Android One be a game-changer for low-cost smartphone market in India?
Yes

Investors turn cool on European sharesSeptember 15, 2014 8:05 am
Europe stock fund inflows reverse sharply
By Ralph Atkins in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03704192-3a98-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

TRF to log revenues  margins on BHEL s order from Q2Sep 15, 2014, 12.25 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
TRF to log revenues, margins on BHEL's order from Q2
With a turnaround on its bottomline, the firm aims to achieve revenues of Rs 1500 crore for FY15 on consolidated basis, says Sudhir Deoras, Managing Director, TRF.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TRF to log revenues, margins on BHEL's order from Q2
With a turnaround on its bottomline, the firm aims to achieve revenues of Rs 1500 crore for FY15 on consolidated basis, says Sudhir Deoras, Managing Director, TRF.
Post your opinion here
This year’s revenue projection is close to Rs 1,500 crore – that is including our subsidiary but the business, which we are talking, is about Rs 900 crore.
Sudhir Deoras
MD
TRF
TRF  Limited, a Tata Enterprise, has bagged an order worth Rs 354 crore from BHEL , Bangalore for design, engineering, manufacturing, supply, commissioning of a conveying and crushing system with associated equipment for ore, flux, coal and coke handling system for NMDC ’s iron and steel plant in Nagarnar, Chattisgarh.
Sudhir Deoras, Managing Director is confident of booking revenues and margins on this order from second half of this fiscal itself. With a turnaround on its bottomline, the firm aims to achieve revenues of Rs 1500 crore for FY15 on consolidated basis, he says in an interview with CNBC-TV18’s Anuj Singhal and Ekta Batra.
With an order book of Rs 1500 crore, its debt on book stands at Rs 500 crore on consolidated basis, he adds.
Below is the verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Details on Rs 354 crore order from BHEL. When would you start executing it and what would it look like in terms of margins as well as revenue accretion for you?
A: It’s good news that we got a good order after a long time. This is NMDC’s steel plant that is coming up at Nagarnar and BHEL is executing the project. We have won the raw material handling system order. We wish to start off quickly. We are seeing possibility of revenues and margins coming in H2 itself, so Q4, we should be booking the topline as well as bottomline.
Q: What is your current order book and how much you will be able to execute and what is your revenue projection for this year?
A: This year’s revenue projection is close to Rs 1,500 crore – that is including our subsidiary but the business, which we are talking, is about Rs 900 crore.
Q: What would you entire order book stand at, at this point?
A: Around Rs 1,500 crore.
Q: When will we see any sort of improvement in the margins because that has been a point of concern amongst the analysts and hence maybe when could we see the company break into the black on the bottomline?
A: We hope that by this year-end we should be turning around.
Q: If you have any kind of numbers in mind and by which quarter in particular you will be turning into black, by Q3 or would most of the growth come by Q4?
A: By Q3, we should be in a position to see some good numbers and by year-end, of course we will be turning around.
Q: What would you debt on book stand at?
A: All together it is close to Rs 500 crore.
Q: You would assume that you would be servicing around Rs 14 crore of finance cost on quarterly basis for the remaining part of the fiscal?
A: Yes, we shall.
TRF stock price
On September 15, 2014, TRF closed at Rs 284.90, up Rs 13.55, or 4.99 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 319.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 97.05.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 66.38 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 4.29.
RELATED NEWS

Inflation eases to nearly 5-year low of 3.74 pct inAugustVegetable prices contracted 4.88 per cent, the third continuous month of decline, but potato prices were on the rise in August.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:56 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 12:57 pm
Declining prices of vegetable and other food articles pulled down wholesale inflation sharply to 3.74 per cent in August to a nearly five-year low.
The inflation measured on Wholesale Price Index (WPI) was at 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August 2013.
Inflation in the food segment witnessed a significant decline to 5.15 per cent in August as against 8.43 per cent in the previous month, according to official data released here today.
The August WPI inflation is the lowest since October 2009 when it stood at 1.8 per cent.
Vegetable prices contracted 4.88 per cent, the third continuous month of decline.
Maintaining a downward trend, the onion prices contracted by 44.7 per cent during the month under review.
However, potato prices were on the rise as inflation in the kitchen essential jumped to 61.61 per cent from 46.41 per cent in July.
Inflation in the fruits basket eased to 20.31 per cent in August.
While prices of protein rich items like egg, meat and fish contracted during the month, inflation in milk and pulses inched up to 12.18 per cent and 7.81 per cent, respectively, as compared to July.
The August retail inflation too eased to 7.8 per cent compared to 7.96 per cent in July.
The wholesale WPI data further revealed that the price rise in manufactured goods, like sugar and edible oils too eased to 3.45 per cent in August, while it was 3.67 per cent in July.
Inflation in the fuel and power segment which include LPG, petrol and diesel declined to 4.54 per cent as compared to price rise of 7.40 per cent seen in July.
Meanwhile, wholesale inflation based on final index for June has been revised upwards to 5.66 per cent from the provisional estimate of 5.43 per cent.
The August WPI data is also provisional, the government said.
It also said the build up inflation rate in the financial year till August is 3 per cent compared to a build up rate of 5.23 per cent in the same period of 2013-14.

Imran Khan booked for forcing police to release his partyworkersPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:46 pm
Opposition leader and Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaaf chief Imran Khan has been booked for forcing police to release his party workers arrested in violation of Section 144 here, officials said on Monday.
“We have registered a case against him in Bani Gala police station for interfering in police work and forcibly releasing the prisoners,” police spokesman Naeem Ahmed said.
The former cricketing star was coming out of his house on Sunday when se saw about 15 of his supporters were being shifted to a nearby police station.
On seeing Khan, the workers cried for help. Khan then stopped police vehicles and forced them to release his supporters.
The spokesman said that Khan’s supporters were arrested for violating section 144 which was imposed in the capital.
Already several criminal cases have been registered against Khan since his arrival here with thousands of his party workers to force Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to quit.
Khan has not been arrested in any case so far but police plan to move against him once the protests are over.
Khan wants Sharif’s ouster over alleged rigging in last year’s poll which his party lost. He is agitating since August 14. At least three people have been killed and over 550 injured during the protests.

Visitors logbook: SC asks for disclosure of whistleblowers identity in CBI chief casebefore taking acallPrint
CBI chief Ranjit Sinha. (Source: Express archives)
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:44 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 1:11 pm
The Supreme Court on Monday ordered for disclosure of the identity of the whistleblower to the court before it takes a call on proceedings regarding the controversial visitors’ logbook at CBI director Ranjit Sinha’s Delhi residence.
A bench led by Justice H L Dattu told advocate Prashant Bhushan, who represented the applicant NGO CPIL, that he must first tell the court who leaked the contentious entry register at Sinha’s house.
The court said that it was necessary since CPIL affidavit asking the court to pass orders against Sinha was not in compliance with the SC Rules without disclosing the source of information.
Meanwhile, Sinha’s counsel Vikas Singh disputed the authenticity of the logbook and claimed 90 per cent of the entries were fudged.
He alleged that the proceedings targeting the CBI director seemed to be controlled by the Zee Group, whose DNA newspaper had been writing about the way hearing would proceed in court before they actually take place. Singh added that these proceedings were also likely to benefit the 2G cases accused.
The court, which will hear the matter on Monday next, asked Bhushan to disclose whistleblower’s identity in a sealed cover envelope.
On September 8, the court had asked the agency chief to reply to the “very serious” averments against him regarding a visitors’ logbook at his Delhi residence, which showed frequent visits by some of the accused in the 2G and coal block cases among others.
It had asked him to file two separate affidavits – one on the merits as to why he should not be removed from the 2G cases besides initiating an inquiry against him, and second, on the maintainability of the application by NGO CPIL, a petitioner in the 2G case, which has sought actions against him in view of damning disclosures by the visitors’ logbook.
Bhushan had handed over in the court the original entry register of Sinha’s residence, claiming two unidentified persons had visited him and gave him the document.

US and India need to turn on the trillion-d...Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who was for years barred from visiting the United States, is scheduled to meet President Barack Obama at the White House on September 29 and 30.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
WASHINGTON: A billion here and a billion there and pretty soon we are talking real money, a famous US Senator (Everett Dirksen) is believed to have joked at a time (1950s) a billion was big bucks even in the United States. A trillion is the number thrown out in the 21st century.
Only a few countries (15) have trillion dollar economies (India's joined the ranks in 2007), and certainly no company, not even Apple, had hit that landmark. The world's largest trade relationship, between US and Canada, rolls over $650 billion annually, followed by US-China at around $600 billion.
But in an audacious projection, a report from the thinktank Gateway House released on the eve of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to US is forecasting a $1 trillion partnership between the two countries by 2030, a ten-fold increase from the $100 billion mark that has just been reached. It's double the $500 billion target set by Vice-President Joe Biden during his visit to India in July last year, and the given the business boondoggles that have blighted the ties so far, it might well be a pie in the sky.
Not so, maintains Nish Acharya, a former Obama administration official who authored the report for the Mumbai thinktank that aims to bridge the gap between business and foreign policy. Acknowledging that the short-term relations between the two countries have never been aligned, Acharya paraphrases President Kennedy to argue that the United States and India must strive to create a trillion dollar economic relationship "not because it is easy, because it is hard."
It is also natural, Acharya said in an interview on Sunday, because the two countries have complementary strengths, primarily the systems thinking and deep knowledge of the US, and process innovation and human capital of India.
And which areas will the two countries generate a trillion dollar trade? Acharya's paper cites a raft of examples and opportunities from healthcare and pharma industry to transportation, education, agriculture, and tourism. All these are well-known and well-worn areas that are flogged frequently at business meetings organized by the likes of CII, FICCI, and USIBC, but Acharya says for bilateral trade to ramp up to a trillion dollars, the US-India relationship has to look like the ties Washington has with Mexico, South Korea, and Israel — countries that are not part of the G-7 but have deep seated economic ties with US and "a consistency in policy and collaboration that the US and India should strive for."
That hardly looks to be on the cards despite the build-up to the first Modi-Obama meeting later this month, which some critics are already panning for being more about summitry than substance. "Few people are talking about the big-picture $3 trillion (the amount US spends on health care) opportunity," agrees Manjeet Kripalani, Gateway House's executive director who reported extensively for US business magazines from India during her years as a journalist.
In fact, considering that an 8 per cent growth will push India's $2 trillion economy to $10 trillion in 2030, the Gateway's projected bilateral trade will constitute 10 per cent of India's economic activity. But the report cites numerous specific opportunities in various sectors for both sides that can realize the trillion target — from the "surge" that India needs to address its infrastructure, energy and agriculture, to America's own, and largely unrecognized, need to adopt lessons in innovation and scaling from India.
But to ramp things up to a trillion, says the Gateway report, the two sides need to get over mutual doubts and distrust: Indian politicians, media, and managers must acknowledge that Americans need to build their business when they come to India, and not assume they are there to exploit and pillage India.
Indians should also acknowledge they don't know what they don't know (the know-it-all obstinacy is a frequent gripe of Americans). On their part, Americans must recognize that they have to walk lockstep with the global economy , and Indians are not out to steal their job. Consequently, Washington must maintain an open door policy and made movement of people and services easier.
What India can do to ramp-up bilateral trade to $1 trillion
*Create a "surge" in areas like infrastructure, healthcare, energy, agriculture.
*Strive to create a "Silicon Swadesh" — a culture of homegrown innovation and entrepreneurship across cities.
*Take advantage of next generation technologies from America.
What America can do to ramp up bilateral trade
*Allow Indian companies to bring relevant business models to US, especially in healthcare where Americans pay through their nose.
*Collaborate with India in next-gen and disruptive technologies such as 3-D printing, cloud computing, and synthetic biology.
* Help India further food security with collaboration in modern agricultural practices.

Aug WPI inflation at 5-yr low; eases to 3.74% Vs 5.19% MoMSep 15, 2014, 01.43 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
August WPI inflation hits a 5 year low of 3.74%
Experts see today's data as an impressive one, which indicates that the pace of growth of inflation has been slowing down, but they say one should not hope for an interest rate cut anytime soon.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
August WPI inflation hits a 5 year low of 3.74%
Experts see today's data as an impressive one, which indicates that the pace of growth of inflation has been slowing down, but they say one should not hope for an interest rate cut anytime soon.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Inflation data based on wholesale price index (WPI) for August hit a five year low at 3.74 percent courtesy declining vegetable prices and other food articles. August WPI inflation stood at 5.19 percent in July. A CNBC-TV18 poll estimated it to be at 4.1 percent.
Food inflation in August hit a lowest level since January 2012. It eased to 5.15 percent versus 8.43 percent on a month-on-month (MoM) basis. Vegetable prices contracted 4.88 percent. Maintaining a downward trend, the onion prices contracted by 44.7 percent in August.  Inflation in the fruits basket eased to 20.31 percent in August. While prices of protein rich items like egg, meat and fish contracted during the month, inflation in milk and pulses inched up to 12.18 percent and 7.81 percent, respectively, as compared to July.
Further, August fuel inflation also hit a five-year low with the fuel and power group inflation declining to 4.54 percent versus 7.40 percent (MoM).
June WPI inflation has been revised to 5.66 percent from 5.43 percent previously.
Also Read: CPI at 8% in Jan 2015 seems a safe forecast, says Moody's
"This number is much better than what we were expecting. Yes, there was a significant base effect from last year, but fall in global commodity prices is having a positive impact on WPI. The impact of cooling global commodity prices is much larger on WPI than on CPI hence the WPI correction has been much sharper, “Samiran Chakraborty, head of research, Standard Chartered said in an interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar.
Chakraborty further highlighted that the rupee was at 68/USD last year in August and today it is 60/USD, so this huge improvement in exchange rate would have also aided this fall in WPI inflation.
Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic adviser, State Bank of India had estimated August WPI inflation to come in at 4 percent. According to him, since WPI food inflation is declining at much faster rate CPI food component, one can hope for a sobering impact on CPI food inflation as well, which has remained at elevated levels. “International commodity and crude prices have corrected to multi-year lows. As much as two-third of global prices has impact on WPI given that on a seasonally adjusted basis, the WPI for this fiscal could be around 4-4.5 percent, “he added. Continuing his optimistic tone, he said that core inflation has trended down, so one should not be surprised if the whole year average for WPI is at around 4 percent. Core inflation was at 3. 5 percent in July.
Meanwhile, Vivek Rajpal, executive director - Asia Rates Strategy, Nomura is of the view that fall in core CPI data announced last week was a bigger surprise than today's WPI data. "These numbers indicate that inflation trajectory is declining and are positive from a rate perspective, but the central bank will cut interest rates much later than it is in the price, so longer-end bonds will continue to rally. The spread between longer-end bonds and repo will compress even much ahead of the actual rate cut, whenever it gets delivered," he said.
Despite WPI inflation cooling off the Indian equity benchmarks gave a muted reaction probably because the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) closely watches the CPI inflation data rather than WPI while taking a decision on interest rates. Experts see today's data as an impressive one, which indicates that the pace of growth of inflation has been slowing down, but they say one should not hope for an interest rate cut anytime soon. 
The next RBI monetary policy is on September 30.
For the complete interview watch the accompanying videos.
RELATED NEWS

Don t see big-ticket move by Infosys for a year: CentrumLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Don't see big-ticket move by Infosys for a year: Centrum
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Ravi Menon, I-T Analyst at Centrum Broking, discusses the the deal pipeline of the IT companies and how the sector is poised to move going ahead.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Discussing the deal pipeline of the IT companies and how the sector is poised to move going ahead, Ravi Menon, I-T Analyst at Centrum Broking, said he thinks that cross currency headwinds will not hurt IT companies too much.
On Mastek  demerging its insurance services and products business, Menon said it’s a good move as it might encourage larger eco system of service providers to cater to their products.
In Infosys ’ case, Menon feels that it will take some time for the new CEO, Vishal Sikka, to settle down before taking any decision that might be considered ‘big-ticket’.
“We could see some small acquisitions but don’t see Infosys doing anything big-ticket at least for a year,” Menon said, adding that the company would rather prefer to wait for cash utilization.
Below is the transcript of Ravi Menon’s interview with CNBC-TV18’s Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal.
Anuj: I was reading an interesting report that the cross currency head winds may hurt IT companies this quarter. Would you agree with that?
A: There has been appreciation of the US dollar against the euro and the pound, but it is not going to hurt the margins. A lot of the crossover are denominated in local currencies. So, I don’t really see much of an effect on margins. It is just a translation into the dollar but there would be some impact of that, but that is it. In Japan the strengthening of the dollar against Yen is also going to have some impact, but other than that I don’t see too much in cross currency.
Ekta: One stock which is in focus has been Mastek in the past couple of minutes. We heard news about the demerger of its insurance services and products business. Though you might not have official coverage on this stock would you have any thoughts with regards to that?
A: It is a good move separating this two. Maybe that might encourage larger eco system of service providers to cater to their products if that is the strategy that is a good move and the services side itself if they are going to be a domain specific player in insurance. There could be room for a niche play in that space.
Ekta: There have been a couple of reports where brokerages or analysts have met with the Infosys management. Do you have any thoughts in terms of what their Q2 numbers would possibly look like prima facie since we are closing towards the end of September already and besides that any thoughts on the cash utilisation timeline?
A: The cash utilisation they would prefer to wait. We might see some small acquisitions but I don’t really see them doing anything big ticket at least for the next one year. It will take some time for the new CEO to settle down before he takes anything that might be considered, let’s say, really large ticket or transformative acquisition. It will take some time to understand the organisation and how to digest that.
So I would not expect to see any near term utilisation of cash. Maybe a slightly increased dividend payout that would be in line with what Oracle Financial Services has done recently, paying out a large amount as a onetime dividend but Oracle hadn’t paid out any dividends till date. So that is an exception. But Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) gave an extraordinary dividend this time, much higher than usual for 10th anniversary.
So it is things like that are driving slightly higher dividend yields. So there would be pressure to do that.
Anuj: What is your pecking order among the large cap IT names, what stocks do you like and if you could give us the order?
A: HCL Tech and Wipro , those are the only two names that offer considerable upside from here. We also like Infosys but a large part of upside from Mr Sikka coming in has been factored in and now it really is up to continued execution. We should see them win a few large deals and also see them improving traction in Europe. Those will be the next key triggers for further up move in that stock.
TCS, we like the execution but the valuations are really expensive. Right now it is close to 50 percent discount in P/E terms between TCS  and HCL Tech. That is unwarranted and it is even greater than that for Wipro.
Growth differential between TCS and HCL Tech is hardly going to be there. So this kind of P/E discount is unwarranted. Return metrics too fairly close, so I don’t think this can sustain. We are looking at rerating of HCL Tech from here. So that is my top pick, then followed by Wipro where again everybody is expecting that they will continue to underperform but I don’t agree with that assessment. They have turned some strategic deals in the recent past. So we should see improved traction over FY16.
RELATED NEWS

Sell gold copper: CommTrendzLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sell gold & copper: CommTrendz
Watch the interview of T Gnanasekar, Director, CommTrendz Research & Fund Management with Ekta Batra and Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18. He spoke about the current trend in commodities markets.
Post your opinion here

Metal stocks slip 2-5%  China Aug factory data 6-yr lowSep 15, 2014, 12.46 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Metal stocks slip 2-5%, China Aug factory data 6-yr low
The bearish Chinese data has added to worries about a 40-percent slide in iron ore prices this year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Metal stocks slip 2-5%, China Aug factory data 6-yr low
The bearish Chinese data has added to worries about a 40-percent slide in iron ore prices this year.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Metal stocks are melting in the scorching September heat at Dalal Street. The index is down over 1 percent on worries that China August factory growth slowed down to a near six-year low.
Growth in other key sectors also cooled, raising fears the world's second-largest economy may be at risk of a sharp slowdown unless Beijing takes fresh stimulus measures.
Industrial output rose 6.9 percent in August from a year earlier - the lowest since 2008 when the economy was buffeted by the global financial crisis - compared with expectations for 8.8 percent and slowing sharply from 9.0 percent in July.
The bearish Chinese data has added to worries about a 40-percent slide in iron ore prices this year.
Company

Archies up 15%; co revamps portal  ties up with e-retailersSep 15, 2014, 12.11 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Archies up 15%; co revamps portal, ties up with e-retailers
The New-Delhi based gift and greetings major revamped its e-commerce platform archiesonline.com recently, making it more user friendly. It has appointed Deepak Thakkar as non executive director, who is an expert in IT and e-commerce.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Archies up 15%; co revamps portal, ties up with e-retailers
The New-Delhi based gift and greetings major revamped its e-commerce platform archiesonline.com recently, making it more user friendly. It has appointed Deepak Thakkar as non executive director, who is an expert in IT and e-commerce.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors bought more shares of  Archies on Monday on after on revamping e-commerce platform. The stock rallied as much as 14.6 percent to touch a 52-week high of Rs 30.60 on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
The New-Delhi based gift and greetings major revamped its e-commerce platform archiesonline.com recently, making it more user friendly. It has appointed Deepak Thakkar as non executive director, who is an expert in IT and e-commerce.
Apart from this Archies has also tied up with various e-retailers like Flipkart, Snapdeal, E-India Store, Groupon India, Saffron Art, Gift A love.com, Phoolwala.com, My flower tree, Shopclues, Indian Gifts Portal, Fern N Petals and Bookaflower.com, said the company in its filing.
In August, it received 5281 orders against 3058 orders in same period last year. "We expect archiesonline.com to be growth engine for the company in the times to come," it added.
As on date, it has 243 owned retail stores.
At 11:56 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 30.00, up Rs 3.30, or 12.36 percent.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Maharashtra Assembly elections: Widening gap between Shiv Sena-BJP threatens alliance#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #bjp #shiv sena #uddhav thackeray
In an unprecedented move, the Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray expressed his desire to be the next chief minister of Maharashtra which has shocked its alliance partner for 30 years, the BJP.
It has been a tradition in the Thackeray family that the they lead the party and assume the role of kingmakers, but this time Uddhav said that he would not shy away from the responsibility of becoming the Chief Minister of Maharashtra.
This is a strategic move by Uddhav Thackeray to put a brake to the domination of BJP, which has always been a playing a second fiddle for the past 25 years.
It has been a tradition in the Thackeray family that the they lead the party and assume the role of kingmakers.
Diwakar Ravate, one of the top leaders of Shiv Sena said, "At least in Maharashtra we will not be tolerating their (BJP's) domination. We only pay our respect to our leader late Balasaheb Thackeray. Although, the Prime Minister Narendra Modi is quite capable as a leader and has the potential to catch votes, we will not accept any other leader except Balasaheb Thackeray and we are not power hungry as our self respect is of prime importance to us."
It may be recalled that the late Pramod Mahajan was instrumental in shaping the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance in the mid 80's. Since then, Shiv Sena has dominated the state politics.
It is a fact that the BJP could gain some strength in the state only with the support of the Shiv Sena. After 1985, Shiv Sena spread its base in rural Maharashtra and presently it is the only party which has a strong rural as well as urban base.
However, the political scenario drastically changed with the sad demise of Gopinath Munde, the BJP leader who carved out 'Maha-uti' by converging small splinter groups of Shetkari Sanghatna, Maratha Mahasangh and RPI.
With a view to control the damage arising out of small local groups, Munde made alliances with Swabhimani Sanghatana, RPI Athawale group, Shivsangram party, Rashtriya Samaj Paksh.
This was a strategic move to converge the Other Backward Classes (OBC) and the Dalit forces to counter the Maratha-dominated party such as the NCP.
However, after his death in a road accident in New Delhi, the Marathi dynamics of the state came to an abrupt halt and are now dominated by the Gujarati community.
According to sources, national president of the BJP, Amit Shah vowed to capture the reign and started dictating terms to the party ally, Shiv Sena. Such a domineering move of the BJP is unacceptable to the Shiv Sena.
Nitin Gadkari, the Union Transport Minister who is not in favor of ties with the Shiv Sena, aspires to remain a key figure in the central politics although he is taking a keen interest in the party's strategy for Maharashtra elections.
It is also known that three special teams of the BJP lead by Nitin Gadkari have reportedly made an extensive study of the state assembly seats which Shiv Sena lost in 2009 and assessed the feasibility of winning the same.
After the tragic death of Gopinath Munde, the state BJP has become leader-less. Although, his daughter Pankaja Munde-Palve is launching a 'Sangharsha Yatra' all over the state, there are many claimants for the position of the chief minister of Maharashtra.
The likes of Devendra Fadvanavis, the state BJP Chief, Eknath Khadse, senior BJP leader and Vinod Tavade, the opposition leader in state council are also in the race for the top post.
However, no leader has the stature to claim the Chief Minister's post.
Fully aware of the lack of stature among the BJP leaders, Uddhav Thackeray has suddenly announced his aspiration to become the chief minister only with a view to decrease the increasing clout of the BJP.
The old seat sharing formula of the year 2009 was 171 seats for the Shiv Sena and 117 seats for the BJP.
However, Shiv Sena won 44 seats and BJP 46 seats respectively in 2009.
The BJP is very unhappy with the old seat sharing arrangement after their victory in the recent parliamentary elections in which BJP-Shiv Sena bagged 42 seats.
The BJP has been trying capture the halfway mark of 144 seats to achieve its goal of coming to power on its own. However the Shiv Sena is vehemently opposing this move.
The BJP-Shiv Sena alliance may be finalised eventually, but there is a widening contrast in their ideologies which might not work out to be in favor of such an alliance in future.
Sanjeev Unhale is the Executive Editor of Marathi newspaper Lokmat, Aurangabad. He will be writing on Maharashtra elections for ibnlive.

Kolkata: Denied entry into restaurant for being rape survivor  claims woman#kolkata #rape survivor #restaurant #park street area #south kolkata
Kolkata: In a shocking incident from Kolkata, a woman claimed that she was denied entry into a restaurant for being a rape survivor.
The woman alleged that the management of a south Kolkata restaurant turned her out because she was raped. She claimed that the management told her they had orders not to let her inside.
An FIR has been filed in the case over wrongful restraint and attempt to outrage a woman's modesty.
The woman said, "I went to the restaurant with my fiance and they refused to let me enter. The bouncer and the manager kept yelling in front of everyone that I was the Park St rape victim. I didn't know what to do. Nobody came to my aide. I'm really humiliated. I told him I will file a complaint at the police station.
The restaurant has refuted the woman's claims.
The woman was allegedly raped at gun-point inside a moving car in Kolkata's popular Park Street area and was later thrown out of the car. The incident took place in 2011.

SC asks Prashant Bhushan to disclose source of information on CBI chief  says can t order probe now#ranjit sinha #2g scam #central bureau of investigation #cbi #prashant bhushan #supreme court
New Delhi: The Supreme Court has directed senior lawyer Prashant Bhushan to disclose the source of his information in the 2G scam case about Central Bureau of Investigation chief Ranjit Sinha. The court observed, "Just because someone made a statement, we cannot order an inquiry."
The court said that Bhushan must disclose the source of information regarding the guest list at CBI director's residence and CBI file notings. The court has asked Bhushan to give the name of the whistleblower in a sealed envelope.
The CBI chief, defending himself, has said that 90 per cent of entries in the register are forged while some entries may be genuine.
In an affidavit submitted to the Supreme Court, Sinha had said that he rejects the affidavit filed by the Bhushan. He accused Bhushan of giving false evidence and making false allegations on oath. He also said that the Supreme Court should direct the registration of a case against the NGO CPIL, which Bhushan represented, for giving false evidence.
Sinha is accused of meeting case suspects in the high-profile 2G case by Prashant Bhushan. Sinha in his affidavit to the court said that communication between the CBI Director and Director of Prosecution is privileged and cannot be used without the consent of the CBI Director or Director of Prosecution.
In a sealed envelope, Sinha had filed an affidavit in the SC in response to the allegations made by Bhushan of interfering in the 2G scam probe. Bhushan had filed a petition in the SC seeking its direction to Sinha to recuse himself from investigation and prosecution in 2G case, alleging that he is trying to protect some influential accused in the scam.
Bhushan had also submitted the original entry/guest diary of the CBI director's residence saying it will be destroyed and hence he is depositing it with the court. To this, Sinha had asked the SC to disclose the source from which he got all the documents.

Cipla Eyes Gelead DealSep 15, 2014, 11.05 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Cipla at new high, eyes deal with Gilead for hepatitis drug
US-based drug maker Gilead Sciences may join hands with atleast five Indian generic pharmaceutical companies for manufacturing and selling cheaper versions of its new hepatitis C medicines.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cipla at new high, eyes deal with Gilead for hepatitis drug
US-based drug maker Gilead Sciences may join hands with atleast five Indian generic pharmaceutical companies for manufacturing and selling cheaper versions of its new hepatitis C medicines.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Shares of  Cipla hit record high at Rs 631.90 per share (up 3 percent) while  Strides Arcolab jumped 2 percent intraday Monday on hopes to manufacture and sell cheaper versions of new hepatitis C medicines.
As per media reports, US-based drug maker Gilead Sciences may join hands with atleast five Indian generic pharmaceutical companies for manufacturing and selling cheaper versions of its new hepatitis C medicines.
According to report, drug makers include Cipla, Strides Arcolab, Mylan Laboratories and Emcure Pharmaceuticals that are expected to sign the licensing deals with Gilead Sciences.
Cipla’s portfolio includes 2000 products in 65 therapeutic categories with turnover of USD 1.7 billion in 2013-14.
At 10:47 hrs Cipla was quoting at Rs 628.45, up Rs 15.90, or 2.60 percent while Strides Arcolab was at Rs 742.50, up Rs 11.45, or 1.57 percent on the BSE.
RELATED NEWS

Eicher Motors may test Rs 13150: Mahantesh SabaradLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Eicher Motors may test Rs 13150: Mahantesh Sabarad
Mahantesh Sabarad, Deputy Head of Research at SBI Capital Securities is of the view that Eicher Motors may test Rs 13150.
Post your opinion here
Street Signs
Mahantesh Sabarad, Deputy Head of Research at SBI Capital Securities told CNBC-TV18, "We like Eicher Motors , we have Rs 13150 in terms of target price, that is still some upside to be had. What we are essentially looking at is transformation in its margins. This was a company which was doing something like 11-12 times EBITDA margins, now it is headed towards doing 16 times EBITDA margins ahead."
"The mean story is about its motorcycles which is continuing to grow very strong. We think they can do something like 50 percent volume growth in motorcycles alone in the next two years. On the commercial vehicles (CV) side there is an upturn that is happening and that will also drive a margin change and that is what we are looking at," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Central TUs gear up to oppose FDI  labour law reformsUnions call for ‘protest day’ against labour law reforms, FDI on Dec 5
Aditi Nigam
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
Eleven central trade unions, irrespective of their political affiliations, on Monday called upon workers from all sectors to organise a ‘National Protest Day’ on December 5 against the Narendra Modi Government’s move to amend labour laws, growing contracterisation and a hike in FDI in defence, railways and insurance, among others.
Addressing a national convention held to kick off a two-month-long campaign across the country, the BJP-backed Bharatiya Mazdoor Sangh’s General Secretary Brijesh Upadhyay said the Modi Government had criticised the ‘policy paralysis’ of the previous regime, but was promoting anti-labour polices that would ‘paralyse the workers’. He demanded a white paper from the Government on how much foreign direct investment (FDI) had come into the country after Independence.
Upadhyay said trade unions did not want to confront the new Government so soon but were being forced by the speed with which labour law changes were being carried out, adding that the Rajasthan Government’s move alone would push 97.3 per cent workers out of the ambit of labour laws.
Tapan Sen and Gurudas Dasgupta, General Secretaries of the Left-backed CITU and AITUC, respectively, termed the Modi Government’s policies as “anti-national”.
“The aggressive move for disinvestment in public sector units, including the financial sector, will be detrimental to the interests of the national economy, national security as well as the mass of the common people,” said Sen.
The All India Railway Men’s Federation, the Railway’s largest union affiliated to the Hind Mazdoor Sabha, said it was time for an ‘indefinite strike, adding that FDI in the sector would be opposed ‘tooth and nail’.
The convention, attended by unions in the banking, insurance, railways, defence, oil & gas sectors as well as Central and State Government employees, also flayed the Labour Minister Narendra Singh Tomar for going back on his assurance to consult unions before carrying out labour law amendments.
“All moves of amendments in the labour laws, both by the Central Government and by the Rajasthan Government are aimed at empowering employers to retrench/lay off workers or declare closure/ shutdown at will and resort to mass-scale contracterisation,” said a joint resolution.
Harbhajan Singh, AITUC President, Punjab, said “Contracterisation was growing by the day. In 1992, the electricity sector in the State had 1,25,000 regular workers, whereas in 2014, there are only 40,000 regular workers and 10,000 contract workers. The rest of the work is outsourced.”
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Fortis Healthcare shares hit 52-week highFortis Healthcare shares hit 52-week high
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
Shares of Fortis Healthcare surged nearly 12 per cent today as the company said it will divest 100 per cent stake in healthcare service provider RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for S$137 million (over Rs 655 crore).
Stocks of the pharma firm gained 11.65 per cent to Rs 136 — its 52-week high on the BSE.
On the NSE, the scrip soared 11.56 per cent to touch its one-year peak of Rs 136.
“Fortis Healthcare Singapore Pte Ltd, a subsidiary of Fortis Healthcare International Pte Ltd, one of our step-down subsidiaries in Singapore, announced its decision to divest 100 per cent shareholding in RadLink-Asia Pte Ltd and its subsidiaries, ‘RadLink’, Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates Ltd, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of IHH Healthcare Berhad, for S$137,000,000,” Fortis Healthcare had said in a statement on Friday.
The deal will be successfully closed following the necessary statutory and regulatory approvals as per local requirements, it had said.
RadLink is engaged in providing healthcare services, including outpatient diagnostic and molecular imaging services in Singapore, Fortis Healthcare had said.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Piloting a new job at ApplePiloting a new job at Apple
ANUJ SRIVAS
Tim Cook takes the company beyond the shadow of Steve Jobs with the Apple Watch
September 15, 2014:  
In 1997, Apple co-founder Steve Jobs returned to the company that he was so unceremoniously ejected from a decade earlier, beginning a second innings that the Wall Street Journal later christened the ‘Second Coming of Apple and Steve Jobs’.
It may be rather bold to state that last week’s announcements — packed as they were with new iPhones, a Watch and U2’s Bono — represented a ‘Third Coming’ or Apple finally moving beyond the shadow of Steve Jobs. Yet, it is difficult to see it any other way.
Ever since the death of Jobs, it has seemed as if the company were stuck in a period of stasis. During public events there was a palpable sense of hesitancy and uncertainty and a resolutely muted silence on the part of CEO Tim Cook when asked as to what a post-Jobs Apple should look like.
However, two events of this year — the Worldwide Developer’s Conference (WWDC) in June and the iPhone announcement last week — have proved that the post-Jobs years were a period of recovery and rediscovery.
How is Apple different today? For one, it’s more open, playful and receptive — as evidenced by its new stance on third-party apps, open access to Touch ID, and general friendliness towards its developers. The new iPhone 6 plus, with its bigger screen, shows us that the company has moved above and beyond its Jobsian ‘one-size-fits-all’ approach.
Internal transition
Last Tuesday, Mr Cook showed us the result of Apple’s three-year-long internal transition, proving that he is indeed the holder of keys to the company’s roadmap.
The new iPhones were, therefore, the most predictable part of the whole event. The only important lesson to be grasped from the iPhone 6 (and 5S as well) is that the battle for building the ‘best smartphone’, in terms of pure technical specifications, is over. The iPhone 5S and 6 are about adding utility to the smartphone as a platform, paving the way for solving painful problems, making them more useful to society. More specifically, in Mr. Cook’s words, these phones are about changing the antiquated way we pay for physical and online goods, using Apple Pay.
Sure, the race to create better displays and cameras is not to be forgotten. (Nor will it be by Samsung, Lenovo, HTC et al). But it is no longer the driving force behind smartphone development.
The Apple Watch, on the other hand, is far more fascinating, if only for the reason that it will be the device that defines Tim Cook’s legacy.
Constant struggle
At the heart of the Watch is a constant struggle: between function and form; between purpose and aesthetics. To be specific, a battle between what the Watch is supposed to do and what it’s supposed to represent.
In the run-up to the announcement, there was a popular notion that Apple would have to reinvent the wheel in order for the ‘smartwatch/wearable’ to succeed. Yet, in terms of appearance and aesthetic, Apple has turned to the past and not the future. For all its technological innovation with the digital crown, the Apple Watch looks like (and is positioned as) a watch first and foremost. Not a wearable, the way Samsung Galaxy Gear and Android Wear are.
This departs from Apple’s history as a company that redefines the present — after all, the iPod and the iPhone looked and functioned nothing like the music players and smartphones of the time.
The Apple Watch pushes the company deeply into the intersection of fashion and technology. The fashion media and community have approached the watch warily, complimenting its customization options while criticizing its bulkiness.
And yet even here, there are more struggles. If the Apple Watch is to be a watch and not a gadget, how does it solve the longevity problem? A $10,000 Philip Patek watch is a heirloom that is meant to be passed down to future generations; the Apple Watch is a device that will likely require replacement once in five years, if not earlier.
On the other end of the spectrum, in terms of functionality, there is another tug-and-pull. Is the Apple Watch a companion device to the smartphone or is it a technical platform in its own right? Does it join the main cast of Apple devices (the iMac, the iPhone, and the iPad) or does it prop up the company ecosystem à la iTunes? When the iPhone was first launched, Mr. Jobs positioned it as a larger iPod, an Internet communicator, and a phone. Back in 2007, he could not have spoken about, or even predicted, the gigantic app economy that was yet to come. And yet, it was the App Store that thrust greatness on the iPhone and not the fact that it was a better phone or an integrated iPod.
Main uses
In last week’s presentation, Mr. Cook pointed out that the main uses of the Apple Watch would be as a timepiece, as a health/fitness monitor, and as a way of personal communication (and for American consumers, a payment mechanism).
The eventual success or failure of the Apple Watch will depend on two factors. One is how well consumers under the age of 30 — who now consider any watch to be a dusty relic — accept the Apple Watch. (In this, it appears that Apple is clearly targeting the sub-Rs.30,000 segment of normal watches, and not Switzerland directly) The second, which is the more important factor, is how far the Apple Watch’s functionality goes beyond Mr. Cook’s three reasons for why anybody should buy an Apple Watch. For it to be a success, it has to go beyond just measuring calories. And here, the potential is vast but as of now still undetermined. After all, the iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch are just slabs of glass; they can become anything.
Payment mechanism
Last, but not certainly not least, we come to Apple Pay. Here we see the tradition of Steve Jobs shining brightly. The payment mechanism, which is one of the most comprehensive to hit the market so far, is not a rushed concept.
Yes, Google and its Wallet app may have been here for years, but not with the scalability (bank partnerships) or ease of use (Touch ID and a simple swipe) that Apple has brought to the table.
The tried and tested method of taking an established concept, refining it, and executing it even better, holds true here.
Today, we see, in the words of Apple watcher John Gruber, a grown-up Apple. One that no longer portrays itself as an underdog — which was a characteristic that Steve Jobs spent a lifetime cultivating — but instead behaves like the technology and cultural powerhouse it has become. This is not to say that Tim Cook’s Apple is destined to succeed. Only that it has now taken the first steps forward.
(This article first appeared in The Hindu dated September 15, 2014)
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Guest list case: Apex court wants Prashant Bhushan to reveal whistle blowers nameGuest list case: Apex court wants Prashant Bhushan to reveal whistle blower’s name
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
The Supreme Court today directed advocate Prashant Bhushan, who has levelled allegations against CBI Director Ranjit Sinha of protecting the accused in the 2G case, to reveal the name of the whistleblower from whom he got CBI documents and guest list at the top cop’s residence.
A Bench headed by Justice H L Dattu asked Bhushan to name the whistleblower in the sealed envelope on the next date of hearing and said that it will go into the merits of allegations after knowing the source of information, as it may have ramification on the reputation of the director and also affect the ongoing trial in the 2G scam.
It said that the affidavit filed by Bhushan is not in consonance with the Supreme Court rules and asked him to reveal the source from whom he got all the documents.
The CBI director questioned the very existence of the diary before the apex court and said that 90 per cent of the entries were fudged though some entries may be genuine.
Advocate Vikash Singh, appearing for the top cop, submitted that somebody else is controlling the proceedings in the case and raised questions on how a media group published a story in advance that Bhushan will be depositing the original guest list before the apex court.
He alleged that a corporate house is working behind all these controversies and it is intended to benefit the accused in the 2G scam.
The Bench also wanted to know the stand of CBI in the controversy but the senior advocate K K Venugopal, appearing for the agency, refused to get into it, saying that it is a matter between advocate Prashant Bhushan and the director.
It then directed its registry to keep all the documents and affidavits filed by CBI director in a sealed cover and deposit them with the Secretary General for safe custody.
The apex court posted the matter for further hearing on September 22.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Sensex plunges 200 points on weak industrial production data  global cuesSensex plummets 244 points on disappointing IIP data, weak global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The Sensex and the Nifty plunged nearly one per cent at the closing session on Monday on heavy selling by funds and retail investors due to weak industrial production data and weak global cues.
Brokers said selling pressure emerged as the country’s industrial production growth slowed to a four-month low of 0.5 per cent in July but easing retail inflation to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July, and dip in WPI inflation to a five-year low of 5.74 per cent in August restricted the fall.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex plunged 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty fell 63.5 points to end at 8,042.
Among BSE sectoral indices, metal index fell the most by 1.69 per cent, oil & gas and IT 0.96 per cent each. On the other hand, healthcare index was up 0.41 per cent, followed by realty 0.18 per cent and infrastructure index 0.18 per cent.
Cipla, Hero MotoCorp, Dr Reddy's, HDFC Bank and Infosys were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were Hindalco, Tata Steel, SSLT, ONGC and Coal India.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head-Research Eastern Financiers, earlier in the day said in a report: "The markets are expected to start the week on a subdued note on the back of weak IIP data declared during the week-end. Although Consumer Price Index (CPI) was at a comfortable zone, markets would be keenly watching the Wholesale Price Inflation (WPI) data for August scheduled to be released on Monday. Further, stock-specific action could be seen after second instalment of advance tax payments by corporates start trickling in.''
European shares fell after disappointing macroeconomic data from China raised concerns about the pace of economic growth in the world's second-biggest economy.
Week-end data showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled, increasing fears that the world's second-largest economy may be at the risk of a sharp slowdown unless Beijing takes fresh stimulus measures.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slipped less than 0.1 per cent to 344.04 at 10.13 a.m. in London, paring losses of as much as 0.4 per cent.
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index retreated 0.6 per cent today for an eighth day of declines, its longest streak since January 2010. Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures fell 0.2 per cent.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Supreme Court directs Prashant Bhushan to reveal name of whistle blower in CBI chief caseMiscellaneous
2G scam: Reveal name of whistleblower in CBI chief Ranjit Sinha case, Supreme Court tells Prashant Bhushan
Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 15 2014, 13:41  IST
Sep 15 2014, 13:41  IST
 

Will quit politics if TMC s link with Saradha scam is proved: Mukul RoyPress Trust of India |  Kolkata Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 08:07 PM IST
Will quit politics if TMC's link with Saradha is proved: Mukul Roy
Says Centre has used CBI to tarnish TMC's image
Trinamool Congress general secretary Mukul Roy today said he would quit politics if the party’s link with Saradha ponzi scheme scam is proved.
“We (TMC) are neither thieves nor frauds. If our party’s involvement is proved under any circumstances, I will quit politics,” Roy told PTI.
“Is Saradha Mamata Banerjee's crime? No. If Mamata Banerjee had not tried to curb Sudipta Sen then would he have been arrested?” he asked.
Roy alleged that since Independence, CBI has always been used for political gains by the Centre.
“Here too CBI has been used to tarnish TMC's image. To protest against the canards being spread against us, our party workers will hit the streets from September 19 to September 22 in every village, block and town.” He said that since CBI is investigating the matter it will have to ensure return of money to the depositors.
“You (CBI) will have to tell us as to how you will return the money,” Roy said.
 Advertisements

August WPI inflation falls to 5-year low of 3.74%Indivjal Dhasmana |  New Delhi Sep 16, 2014
Last Updated at 12:58 AM IST
Wholesale inflation at 5-year low
Falls to 3.7% in August; all key segments see decline
The wholesale price index (WPI) -based inflation rate fell to a 58-month low of 3.74 per cent in August from 5.19 per cent the previous month, as the pace of price rise slowed across all broad categories, including food, official data showed on Monday. The rate had stood at 6.99 per cent in the same month last year.
The wholesale inflation rate in August, the lowest since the 1.78 per cent seen in October 2009, is well within the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI’s) comfort zone of five per cent.
While the inflation rate for primary articles fell to 3.89 per cent in August from 6.78 per cent in July, that for fuel & power eased to 4.57 per cent from 7.40 per cent. The rate of rise in prices of manufactured items declined to 3.45 per cent from 3.6 the previous month.
The rate of increase in the prices of food, a segment for which the government has come under attack in recent times, declined to 5.15 per cent from 8.43 per cent a month earlier.
In line with the moderation in headline numbers, core inflation (for manufactured products excluding food items) eased to a seven-month low of 3.45 per cent in August from 3.58 per cent in July, mainly due to lower prices of imported commodities, said YES Bank Chief Economist Shubhada Rao.
Rao added that the trends emerging in global prices of commodities, especially crude oil, besides a controlled increase in food prices so far in September, suggested that the wholesale inflation rate might ease to 3.00-3.25 per cent this month.
Data released late last week had shown the consumer price index-based (retail) inflation rate had also declined to 7.8 per cent in August - within RBI's target of eight per cent by January next year.
Given that the rates of both wholesale and retail inflation are easing and have come within RBI's comfort zone, industry is now seeking a cut in the repo rate - the rate at which RBI lends to banks. Growth in the country's industrial activity had in July declined to 0.5 per cent, the lowest level so far this financial year.
The central bank, however, is widely believed to keep the policy rate intact in its monetary policy review on September 30, as the risks to retail food inflation persist because of a weak monsoon. Besides, the easing in food inflation in August could largely be attributed to a high base of 19.17 per cent in the same month last year.  
"The drop in primary food inflation in August should be interpreted with caution, as it might have benefitted from a favourable base effect... Lower and delayed sowing this year, compared with last year, remains a concern for crop yields and food prices," said ICRA Senior Economist Aditi Nayar.
Also, RBI might still not be comfortable as the bigger target for it is bringing the retail inflation rate down to six per cent by January 2016.
Rao also said lower wholesale core inflation, amid a moderation in retail inflation, was likely to give some near-term comfort to RBI. But any room for monetary policy easing might open up only around the April-September quarter of next financial year - and that if the government's policy action made it visible that RBI's second goal post was within reach, she cautioned.
The decline in food inflation has not been uniform. The rate for potatoes, for instance, rose to 61.61 per cent in August from 46.41 per cent a month earlier. In contrast, the price of onions in the month fell 44.70 per cent from that a year ago. In fact, prices genuinely declined in the case of onions, as the vegetable turned 0.24 per cent cheaper on a monthly basis. But tomatoes in August turned 70.06 per cent more expensive on a year-on-year basis.
 

Difficult to do business in India: Vodafone IndiaThe Hindu Vodafone India Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director Marten Pieters said the telecom industry in India is in a mess. File Photo
TOPICS
telecommunication service
The Indian chief executive of a leading global telecom service provider has said it was difficult for foreign companies to do business in the country due to slow pace of government clearances.
“Yes, it is difficult to do business in India... that’s the general perception I think of foreign companies and that is not just in telecom,” Vodafone India Chief Executive Officer & Managing Director Marten Pieters said while speaking at the Economist India Summit in New Delhi.
Mr. Pieters, however, added that the process for doing business in India can be made easier by just removing a few impediments.
Vodafone, the world’s second largest telecom company, has taxation issues with Indian government.
Slapped with a Rs. 20,000 crore retrospective capital gains tax after it acquired the telecom assets of an Indian company in 2007, Vodafone has earlier maintained that it will continue with the ongoing international arbitration to resolve the dispute.
“We note the finance minister’s announcement that existing cases arising from the 2012 retrospective tax law should follow the lawful process in which they are currently being adjudicated,” the company had said in a statement after Finance Minister Arun Jaitley’s maiden budget speech.
“Vodafone will, therefore, continue the process of international arbitration initiated under the India-Netherlands Bilateral Investment Treaty,” the statement added.
Mr. Pierters also said the telecom industry in India is in a mess. “The telecom industry, if you look at it from international perspective, is a mess in India ... And it seems to come from this concept which has been developed in the past that the more competition, the better,” he said.

AB blood group people likelier to face dementia when olderAB blood group people likelier to face dementia when older
ANI  Washington, September 11, 2014
First Published: 13:11 IST(11/9/2014) | Last Updated: 15:33 IST(12/9/2014)
A new study has found that people belong to blood group AB face more risk of developing memory loss in their later years than people with other blood types.
(Getty Images)
The study found that people with AB blood, which is the least common blood type, were 82% more likely to develop the thinking and memory problems that could lead to dementia. Previous studies have shown that people with type O blood have a lower risk of heart disease and stroke, factors that can increase the risk of memory loss and dementia.
Also read: Overeating could cause memory loss?
The study of more than 30,000 people followed for an average of 3.4 years. In those who had no memory or thinking problems at the beginning, the study identified 495 participants who developed thinking and memory problems, or cognitive impairment, during the study. They were compared to 587 people with no cognitive problems.
People with AB blood type made up 6% of the group who developed cognitive impairment, which was higher than the 4 %  found in the US population.
Also read: Marijuana causes memory loss?
Study author Mary Cushman of the University of Vermont College of Medicine in Burlington, said that the study also found that blood type was also related to other vascular conditions like stroke, hence the findings highlighted the connections between vascular issues and brain health. However, more research was needed to confirm these results.
Researchers also looked at blood levels of factor VIII, a protein that helps blood to clot. High levels of factor VIII were related to higher risk of cognitive impairment and dementia. People in this study with higher levels of factor VIII were 24 %  more likely to develop thinking and memory problems than people with lower levels of the protein. People with AB blood had a higher average level of factor VIII than people with other blood types.
The study is published in published in online issue of Neurology, the medical journal of the American Academy of Neurology.

Alien-like giant water-living dinosaur unveiledPicture the fearsome movie creatures of Jurassic Park crossed with the shark from Jaws. Then super-size to the biggest predator ever to roam Earth. Now add a crocodile snout as big as a person and feet like a duck’s.
The result gives one some idea of a bizarre dinosaur scientists unveiled on Thursday.
This patchwork of critters, a 50-foot (15-metre) predator, is the only known dinosaur to live much of its life in the water.
The beast, called Spinosaurus aegyptiacus, was already known to scientists from a long-ago fossil discovery, but most of those bones were destroyed in Germany during World War II. Now, 70 years later, a new skeleton found in Morocco reveals that the beast was far more aquatic than originally thought.
Spinosaurus had a long neck, strong clawed forearms, powerful jaws and the dense bones of a penguin. It propelled itself in water with flat feet that were probably webbed, according to a study released on Thursday by the journal Science. The beast sported a spiny sail on its back that was 7 feet (2 metres) tall when it lived 95 million years ago.
“It’s like working on an extraterrestrial or an alien,” study lead author Nizar Ibrahim of the University of Chicago said, while standing in front of a room-sized reconstruction of the skeleton at the National Geographic Society, which helped fund the research.
“It’s so different than anything else around,” he said.
Dr. Ibrahim described the creature as “so bizarre it’s going to force dinosaur experts to rethink many things they thought they knew about dinosaurs.”
Scientists had thought that all dinosaurs stuck to the land, with occasional brief trips into the water. But the new skeleton shows clear evidence of river and lake living — hip bones like a whale’s, dense bones that allowed it to dive for food, and nostrils positioned high on the skull, allowing Spinosaurus to mostly submerge.
It could walk and would probably nest on land, but on land it moved more awkwardly than in water, said study co-author Paul Sereno of the University of Chicago. It lumbered on its two hind feet because its powerful forelegs with sharp curved claws were designed more for killing than walking, he said.
Dr. Sereno called it “an evolutionary experiment going into the water”.
The new find is amazing and convincing, showing how wrong scientists have been about this dinosaur and about how diverse dinosaurs can be, said University of Maryland dinosaur expert Thomas Holtz Jr., who wasn’t part of this study.
It’s also a creature that once was lost to history and war. German palaeontologist Ernst Stromer first discovered Spinosaurus bones in Egypt in 1912. The bones went back to Europe, but in 1944, most were destroyed in the bombing of Munich in World War II. Spinosaurus was lost.
But in 2008, Dr. Ibrahim was in Morocco on a quest for Spinosaurus. It wasn’t going well. He had heard of a local dealer who might know where some bones were, but couldn’t find him. Dr. Ibrahim had given up hope and was contemplating returning home while sitting in a cafe. He looked up and spotted the dealer walking by.
They went to a Moroccan dig site and found a mostly complete set of bones.
Spinosaurus, which grew some 9 feet (3 metres) longer than Tyrannosaurus rex, feasted on aquatic creatures the size of cars in an area that was history’s “most dangerous place,” Dr. Ibrahim said. Three giant predators nearly the size of a T. rex roamed on land. Even the sky had giant predators. And in the water 25-foot (8-metre) sharks, giant sawfish and six or seven types of ancient nasty crocodiles lurked.
Dr. Sereno noted that a Spinosaurus did fight a T. rex in the movie Jurassic Park III, but it was a land battle and based on the old conception of the dinosaur. In reality, the two didn’t live on the same continent or in the same time period.
In the movie, the Spinosaurus won. And Dr. Sereno said if the two species had fought in the water, Spinosaurus would have won easily.

Delhi: Sheila Dikshit backs BJP bid to form govtComments
Former Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit on Thursday said the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) should be given an opportunity to form the government in Delhi, evoking strong reaction from her party colleagues.
Dikshit told news agency Asian News International (ANI) that if BJP leaders were claiming they had the numbers, then they must have been saying so with a “sense of responsibility”.  
“I am glad that the people of Delhi will get an elected government maybe. And if the BJP is claiming that they will be able to form a government, I think they should be put to the test. The BJP’s claim must have some basis as the president of their party is saying so,” Dikshit, who recently returned to Delhi after spending seven months in Kerala as the state’s governor, told ANI.
The Congress, however, was quick to distance itself from the comments with party leaders claiming that whatever Dikshit said was her personal opinion. Delhi Congress spokesperson Mukesh Sharma was the first one to react and immediately found support in senior party colleagues and AICC general secretaries Shakeel Ahmad and Ajay Maken.
 
Watch: Sheila Dikshit backs BJP
The party, though, was in favour of dissolution of the House and fresh elections in the Capital.
“Sheila Ji’s comments on govt formation in Delhi may be her personal opinion. Congress MLAs & AICC r totally against extending support to BJP (sic),” Ahmad tweeted.
Shiela Ji's comments on Govt formation in Delhi may be her personal opinion We are against BJP forming Govt. b'cause they don't have numbers
— Ajay Maken (@ajaymaken) September 11, 2014
Dikshit had earlier said she was talking on behalf of the people of Delhi, who deserved an elected government.
“If you do not have an elected government, then in democracy, it’s not a very suitable situation because the people do not know where to go, what to do,” said the 76-year-old.
Read: Cong disapproves of Dikshit's remarks backing BJP
Congress spokesperson Mukesh Sharma also said the party was “shocked” by Dikshit’s statement.
“We are shocked by her statement on government formation. The Congress has nothing to do with it. Our stand is very clear. We will not let the BJP form government,” Sharma said.
The Delhi BJP, however, praised Dikshit for her “straightforward” statement while the Aam Aadmi Party said that it was not surprised as “there is hardly any difference between the BJP and the Congress”.
“Sheilaji is a veteran leader. She understands the constitutional nitty-gritty and has the experience of running a government. As a political leader, her comment is mature,” Delhi BJP president Satish Upadhyay said.
The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), however, said that it was not surprised as "there is hardly any difference between BJP and Congress".
Senior party leader Ashutosh Srivastava said, "I am not surprised by Sheila Dikshit's statement because we have been saying for a long time that there is good understanding between the BJP and the Congress."
"The another reason behind her statement is that there are three FIRs against Sheila Dikshit. And if Aam Aadmi Party forms government... Sheila Dikshit will have no other option but to go to jail. She is desperate to avoid going to jail and she doesn't want investigation to happen and that's why, Congress and BJP are coming together."
(with PTI inputs)

Lupin likely to sign $1.5 bn deal with Merck...Lupin likely to sign $1.5 billion deal with Merck Serono
By Darshan Mehta , ET Now | 15 Sep, 2014, 03.12PM IST
Lupin will manufacture Merck Serono’s $1.5 billion worth branded mature drugs at its facilities. The company will also get marketing rights for the drugs. 
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Pharmaceutical major Lupin is in advanced talks to sign a blockbuster deal with Merck Serono, say sources close to the deal.
As part of the deal, Lupin will manufacture Merck Serono's $1.5 billion worth branded mature drugs at its facilities. The company will also get marketing rights for the drugs for emerging countries and European markets .
Merck Serono will retain the rights to market these drugs in the developed markets.
"The branded drugs segment with sales close to $1.5 billion will have an EBITDA close to $900 million. Assuming 30 per cent margins; Lupin would make close to Rs 1500 crore on an operational level on this deal", said an analyst who did not want to be identified.
Email queries sent to Merck Serono remained unanswered. Lupin indicated that they do not comment on market speculations.
For FY14, Lupin sales were Rs 11,086 crore on a consolidated basis with an EBITDA of Rs 3003 crore and a profit of Rs 1,837 crore.
The stock was trading higher by 4.5 per cent at Rs 1,420. It touched high of Rs 1,420 and low of Rs 1,351.80.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Dad has a mind of his own: Manmohan s daughterDad has a mind of his own: Manmohan Singh's daughter Daman Singh on memoir
By PTI | 15 Sep, 2014, 12.49PM IST
0
Share More
Daman Singh's book 'Strictly Personal: Manmohan and Gursharan' begins with early days of Manmohan Singh and his wife Gursharan Kaur in the 1930s ending in the year 2004.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has to make up his mind whether or not he wants to write his autobiography, his daughter Daman Singh has said.
"My father has a mind of his own. Am sure whether he writes would depend on whether he feels it would be an exciting thing to do," Daman Singh said at a event to mark the publication of her book titled " Strictly Personal: Manmohan and Gursharan " here late last evening.
The book, "a tough job" begins with early days of Manmohan Singh and his wife Gursharan Kaur in the 1930s ending in the year 2004. Places like Amritsar, Patiala, Hoshiarpur, Chandigarh, Oxford, Cambridge, New York, Geneva, Mumbai and New Delhi, where the author's parents spent much of their lives, have been featured in the book.
Daman, who had written two novels prior to this book said biographies by three authors - Vikram Seth , Syliva Nasar and MJ Akabar had helped her make up her mind to write about her parents in an "affectionate and honest" manner.
"'Two Lives' by Seth is a beautiful account which made a big impact on me. The second book is by Sylvia Nadar on the mathematician John Nash. The third is a biography by M J Akbar on Nehru. This biography I believe was fascinating because it gave such a personal account on such a public persona," Daman said.
Talking about the process of writing the book, which began to form in her mind some five years ago she said, "I would prepare a list of questions make an appointment with my father or my mother, drive across to their place and record the conversation and then come back to transcribe it."
"It is a book about two minds, It portrays their ideas, opinions, beliefs, values and attitudes. It how these ideas were formed and how they changed over time," Daman said.
The book, said the author, is also "about India that has just been divided but finally freed. It talks about how the nation struggled to move ahead sometimes with courage and conviction and sometimes with confusion and despair."
One of the challenges, Daman said she faced was writing about economics. "It was hard to talk to him about economic issues but they played a huge part of his life so I had a hard time talking to him but also write about them."
"I wanted to take the issues, which I considered important and decode them, demystify them, simplify them, for the general reader and hope I have managed to do that," the author said.
When asked whether the book would be made into a film, Daman Singh said, "I don't know. It will be a film I'd like not to see because I'd like my book to the last word."
The author also showed a handful of slides containing photographs of the former Prime Minister, including those of his wife and daughters' families.
Apart from Daman, the event was attended by Mammohan Singh's other two daughters Upinder and Amrit.
Former Union Minister Shashi Tharoor and Montek Singh Ahluwalia and his wife Isher Judge Ahluwalia as well as Lord Meghanad Desai and his wife Kishwar Ahluwalia were among the others present at the event.

Alibaba Group Holding plans to boost IPO siz...The Chinese e-commerce company plans to increase the top end of the price range to above $70 and plans to announce the new price range as early as Monday.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd plans to increase the size of its US initial public offering because of "overwhelming" investor demand, people familiar with the deal said on Monday.
The Chinese e-commerce company launched the IPO last week and had enough investor demand to cover the entire deal within two days, people familiar with the process said last week.
Alibaba could set a new record for the world's biggest IPO if underwriters exercise an option to sell additional shares to meet demand, pushing it as high as $24.3 billion and overtaking Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's $22.1 billion listing in 2010.
The company and some shareholders offered 320.1 million American depositary shares at a $60-$66 per share indicative range. Alibaba will likely file an amendment to its IPO later on Monday with a higher price range after discussing the new price with large US mutual funds and institutional investors, one of the people said.
"Demand has been overwhelming since the launch," said the person, who couldn't be named because details of the IPO aren't yet public. "Increasing the price range was already on the cards from the beginning."
Bloomberg earlier reported that Alibaba plans to increase the top end of the price range to above $70. (http://bloom.bg/1q6cHTi)
Alibaba spokeswoman Florence Shih declined to comment on the size of the IPO being raised.
Reuters reported on Friday that Alibaba plans to close its IPO order book early after it received enough orders to sell all the shares in the record-breaking offering.
OVERSEAS EXPANSION
Alibaba plans to expand its business in the United States and Europe after the much anticipated IPO, billionaire founder Jack Ma said on Monday as the Chinese e-commerce titan pitched its record deal to investors in Asia.
"After being listed in the US, we will develop our business in Europe and in the US," Ma told a packed group of journalists ahead of his presentation to investors. "We will not give up the Asia market because, as I would say, we are not a company from China, we are an Internet company that happened to be in China."
The investor luncheon took place in a huge events room at the luxury Ritz Carlton hotel. The hotel is on the same building as three of the main bookrunners of the IPO, just an elevator ride away from Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank and Morgan Stanley offices, across the harbor from the city's financial center.
Fund managers and analysts were given orange bracelets to give them access to the banquet of smoked salmon, chicken breast and mango pudding. The event had two videos and a question and answer session with Ma answering most of the questions, according to investors at the presentation.
MISSED OPPORTUNITY
Alibaba picked New York for its IPO after Hong Kong officials rejected its request to allow a small group of company insiders to nominate the majority of its board.
The request went against Hong Kong's "one share, one vote" principle, which has been staunchly defended by its securities regulator.
Ma, who is also Alibaba's executive chairman, said that the missed opportunity came about in part because of how Alibaba communicated its plans to local authorities, mirroring statements he gave last year.
"People say that Hong Kong lost the Alibaba deal. To me, I think it is Alibaba that missed this great opportunity to list in Hong Kong," Ma added. "We love Hong Kong. We will continue to love Hong Kong and invest in Hong Kong."
The company launched its IPO last week and is expected to price the deal on Sept. 18. It will start trading a day later.

Reveal name of whistleblower in CBI chief case: Supreme Court tells Prashant BhushanComments
The Supreme Court Monday directed lawyer-activist Prashant Bhushan to disclose the identity of the ‘whistle-blower’ who gave him a copy of the guest register of CBI director Ranjit Sinha’s residence.
A bench headed by Justice HL Dattu asked Bhushan to submit the name — in a sealed envelope — directly before the court takes any decision on the application moved by the Centre for Public Interest and Litigation (CPIL), which has charged Sinha with compromising investigations in the case as he met senior executives of an accused company at his 2, Janpath residence here.
“We want to know how authentic the gentleman is as this (application) has a serious consequences on the proceedings,” the bench said, fixing September 22 for further hearing.
Video: SC asks Bhushan to reveal name of whistleblower in CBI chief case
Sinha’s counsel, senior advocate Vikas Singh, deprecated Bhushan for filing an application, containing “frivolous” and “baseless,” allegations in contravention to the SC rules and pointed fingers at a business house for the alleged leaks. He challenged the claim that Sinha had given an opinion to protect former Union Minister Dayanidhi Maran in the Aircel-Maxis deal.
“He says it’s a water-tight case. From where does he get it? There is nothing of this nature,” Singh said, accusing Bhushan of undermining the CBI director’s reputation.
CBI counsel senior advocate KK Venugopal wanted the court to direct Bhushan to name the person giving him information about the secret file notings, a request declined by the court.
Bhushan urged the court not to pass the direction seeking the whistle-blower’s name as it would expose him to harassment by his seniors. “I am willing to stake my life for the authenticity of the register. The entries are made in different hand-writings... There are not only names, but also car numbers and the entry and exit time. To ascertain whether my allegations against the director accusing him of interfering with the trial are correct, the same can be checked from the records,” Bhushan said.

BJP-Sena talks hit roadblock  Uddhav questions  Modi waveComments
A major crisis erupted in the saffron alliance in Maharashtra on Sunday, with the BJP calling off seat-sharing talks with ally Shiv Sena - apparently after its chief, Uddhav Thackeray, questioned the much-talked-about 'Modi wave' in an interview to a TV channel.
State Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) president Devendra Fadanvis, while talking to Hindustan Times, confirmed the development.
"There is huge discontent among our rank and file over the statements made by the Sena leadership against our leader, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, in a television programme on Saturday.
"This has reached our higher-ups. Now, we have decided that we will not make any effort anymore to talk to them on seat-sharing," Fadanvis said, adding it was up to the Sena to make the next move.
The BJP's tough stand is the latest chapter in an episode of unease with the Shiv Sena ahead of the Maharashtra assembly elections slated for October 15 and casts doubts on the future of the alliance which seemed frontrunner in the polls following its spectacular showing in the April-May Lok Sabha elections.
The BJP and its allies, including the Shiv Sena won 42 of the 48 seats in the state in the general elections.
But, differences cropped up in the coalition over seat-sharing talks in the 25-year-old alliance. The Shiv Sena wants to stick to the 2009 formula - when it fought 169 seats and the BJP 119 of the 288 assembly seats in the state. But, this time the BJP wants more.
Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray had said on Saturday his party would get the top job in the state, making his ambitions for the chief minister's post clear.
The Shiv Sena had also issued a veiled warning against the coalition partner, saying "excessive lust" for seats will not do it any good.
 
Talking to TV channel Aaj Tak on Saturday, Uddhav had also questioned the so-called Modi wave, which the BJP claims was instrumental behind the National Democratic Alliance's landslide victory in the general elections.
"Was the Modi wave felt in Tamil Nadu, Punjab, Odisha and West Bengal? It depends on alliance partners as well. Modi is Prime Minister of our alliance."
According to BJP sources, Fadnavis got a call from Delhi and was told to officially declare that the talks between the two parties cannot continue if the Sena uses such tactics and makes such statements against the BJP.
"Such statements are undesirable prior to the election and everyone should refrain from making such utterances," BJP's Maharashtra in-charge, Rajiv Pratap Rudy, said on Sunday, adding the CM post issue should be discussed after elections.
On the seat-sharing talks, Rudy said, "The proposal is whatever seats are left - after smaller parties in the alliance get their due - the BJP and Shiv Sena will divide them equally."
According to Rudy, the BJP and Shiv Sena will be left with around 270 seats after smaller parties are allotted around 18 seats. "In this case we are expecting for somewhere around 135 seats." 
Parties such as the Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, RPI, Rashtriya Samaj Party and the Shiv Sangram have joined hands with the BJP-Shiv Sena alliance to contest polls.
The Shiv Sena did not officially react to the BJP move to call off the talks. A party leader, on condition of anonymity, said that the problems would be sorted out only if Uddhav and BJP president Amit Shah discussed the issue.
Shah will be in Mumbai on September 17 for a BJP programme, and the Sena is hoping that the two leaders will meet to finalise the seats.
But now BJP leaders are skeptical. "With this development, the only way that this meeting can happen is that the Sena leadership goes more than halfway and meets him in Delhi," a senior BJP leader said.
The last date for nomination filing is September 27.
(With inputs from our Pune correspondent Yogesh Joshi)

Android One phones to be launched at Rs 6 399 todayStory
Google's Android One phone enters India at Rs 6,399
Tommy Wilkes and Nivedita Bhattacharjee     New Delhi and Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 17:00 IST
Photo:  Reuters
Google Inc launched in India on Monday the first smartphones under its Android One project , pricing them at around Rs 6,399 ($105) to capture the low-cost segment of the world's fastest growing smartphone market.
The Mountain View-Based company tied up with Indian mobile players Micromax , Karbonn and Spice Mobiles to launch the affordable phones, which are powered by its operating system and aimed at emerging markets.
After launching in India, Google said it plans to expand Android One to Indonesia, Philippines and other South Asian countries by the end of 2014 and in more countries in 2015.
Google outlined the pricing and expansion details in a marketing document seen by Reuters.
India is seen as a lucrative market for low-cost smartphones because many people are buying the devices for the first time. Just 10 per cent of the India's population currently owns a smartphone, brokerage Nomura said in a recent research note, and that figure is likely to double over the next four years.
Google, however, is not the only company jostling for a share of the Indian market.
There are at least 80 smartphone brands in India and analysts say the Android One phones must offer customers more than just affordability if it wants to compete with similarly priced devices made by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, Motorola and China's Xiaomi.
"The initial pricing never sticks but it'll be tough for them to compete if they don't come down further," said Neil Shah, research director for devices and ecosystems at Hong Kong-based technology research agency Counterpoint Research.
In June, Google had announced the launch of the Android One project, which aims to boost demand for low-end Android smartphones by vastly improving their quality.
Currently, many cheap emerging market smartphones run different and somewhat customised versions of the Android operating system, which along with the many variations in hardware make apps on those phones prone to glitches.
(Reuters)

Typhoon Kalmaegi ravagesPhilippinesA Filipino holds a duck outside his house as a swollen river slowly recedes in suburban Quezon city, Philippines Monday, Sept. 15, 2014. (Source: AP)
Associated Press | Manila | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:23 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 3:37 pm
A fast-moving typhoon blew out of the northern Philippines Monday after causing flash floods and landslides. Three people died when big waves and strong winds sank a stalled ferry over the weekend.
The government weather bureau said the eye of Typhoon Kalmaegi was over the South China Sea some 372 kilometers (231 miles) west of northwestern Laoag city before noon, moving northwest toward southern China at 30 kilometers per hour (19 kph). It was packing sustained winds of 120 kph (75 mph) and gusts of 150 kph (93.21 mile).
Schools in five regions, including metropolitan Manila, were suspended and dozens of flights were canceled. Hundreds of ship passengers were stranded in ports.
Some 7,800 residents were moved to evacuation centers at the height of the typhoon but many have since returned home as the weather improved.
The storm whipped up big waves that swamped and sank a stalled ferry off Southern Leyte province in the central Philippines late Saturday. Cargo and passenger ships plucked at least 110 survivors from the rough waters and recovered three bodies after the ferry sank. At least three other people remain missing.
Typhoon Kalmaegi, the Korean word for seagull, slammed into the boundary of northeastern Cagayan and Isabela provinces Sunday but moved quickly without causing major damage, officials said. But several provinces remain without power.
Residents in at least nine northern provinces, which have been drenched by days of rains, were earlier warned to take precautions and stay away from already soggy mountainsides and swollen rivers.
The Department of Social Welfare and Development pre-positioned 3,000 family food packs in northern communities that may be isolated by the storm. Army and police forces, backed by rubber boats, trucks and air force helicopters, have been put on standby for possible search and rescue operations.
Kalmaegi is the 12th weather disturbance to batter the Philippines this year. The calamity-prone archipelago is lashed by about 20 storms and typhoons every year, each requiring major disaster-mitigation preparations.

Imran Khan booked for interfering in police workUpdated: September 15, 2014 13:41 IST
Imran Khan booked for interfering in police work
PTI
Pakistan
Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaaf chief Imran Khan has been booked for forcing police to release his party workers arrested in violation of Section 144 in Islamabad, officials said on Monday.
“We have registered a case against him in Bani Gala police station for interfering in police work and forcibly releasing the prisoners,” police spokesman Naeem Ahmed said.
Mr. Khan was coming out of his house on Sunday when se saw about 15 of his supporters were being shifted to a nearby police station.
On seeing Mr. Khan, the workers cried for help.
Mr. Khan then stopped police vehicles and forced them to release his supporters.
Already several criminal cases have been registered against Mr. Khan since his arrival here with thousands of his party workers to force Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to quit.
Mr. Khan has not been arrested in any case so far but police plan to move against him once the protests are over.

Bharti Airtel Launches 3G Network in African Nation TchadYou are here: Home Corporates
Bharti Airtel Launches 3G Network in African Nation Tchad
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 12, 2014 21:52 (IST)
Fair Trade Regulator Clears Zuari's Open Offer for Mangalore Chemicals Shareholders
New Delhi: Telecom major Bharti Airtel on Friday announced the launch of its 3G service in Tchad, an African country, following a recent award of licence for high speed internet services by the nation's government.
The company announced the launch at an event attended by Tchadian President Idriss Deby, Mauritanian Head of State Mohamed Ould Abdelaziz and President of the Republic of Nigeria Goodluck Jonathan, Airtel said in a statement released in Delhi.
"The launch of the 3G network in the country goes in line with the Government commitment to Chadians to make the country become a technology hub in Africa. The private sector contributes a lot to the access of internet and we wish Airtel success with its new 3G network project," Tchadian President Idriss Deby said.
With this launch, Tchad has become 16th 3G market of Airtel in Africa. The company operates in 17 African
countries.
The company is left with Nigeria where it has to launch its 3G service.
"With a licence already granted in Niger, services will also be launched within the fiscal year," the statement said.
"Our 3G platform will allow our customers to combine the enormous potential of the internet with the convenience of cellular phones and other mobile devices," Airtel Tchad managing director Salia Gbane said.
According to data from McKinsey & Co, there are currently about 400 million mobile subscribers in Africa.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 20:25 (IST)

Ortel Communications Files Draft With Sebi for IPOYou are here: Home Corporates
Ortel Communications Files Draft With Sebi for IPO
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 12, 2014 21:29 (IST)
Fair Trade Regulator Clears Zuari's Open Offer for Mangalore Chemicals Shareholders
New Delhi: Ortel Communications, a regional cable television and broadband service provider, has filed draft documents with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) for a public issue of up to 1.42 crore equity shares.
This is the sixth company to file initial papers with market regulator Sebi this year to garner funds via IPO route.
Ortel plans to enter the capital markets with a public issue of up to 14,182,598 equity shares of face value  Rs 10 each, as per the draft red herring prospectus (DRHP).
The offering comprises a fresh issue to the public of 60 lakh shares and an offer for sale of up to 81.82 lakh shares by NSR - PE Mauritius LLC.
This is Ortel's second attempt to raise money via IPO route. The company's earlier plan in 2013 to raise Rs 100 crore through the stock market did not take off.
The proceeds of the issue would be utilised for expansion of the company's network for providing video, data and telephony services and general corporate purpose.
Ortel is also considering private placement of up to 25 lakh equity shares to garner up to Rs 65 crore.
Kotak Mahindra Capital Company Ltd is the book running lead managers to the issue.
Ortel is a regional cable television service provider engaged in the distribution of analog and digital cable television services and high speed broadband services. Its business is focused on Odisha, Chhattisgarh, Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal.
Prior to Ortel, five companies - Lavasa Corp, Adlabs Entertainment, GMR Energy, Sharda Cropchem and Monte Carlo Fashions - have filed draft IPO papers with Sebi so far in 2014.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 19:36 (IST)

Singapore Exchange to Launch Gold Contract for WholesalersYou are here: Home Corporates
Singapore Exchange to Launch Gold Contract for Wholesalers
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 13, 2014 00:24 (IST)
Fair Trade Regulator Clears Zuari's Open Offer for Mangalore Chemicals Shareholders
Pune: The Singapore Exchange is planning to launch a physically deliverable gold contract for wholesalers in the next 1-2 months to meet demand in Asia, the top consumer of the precious metal.
"We are planning to list the first wholesale kilobar gold contract on SGX (The Singapore Exchange) in the next 1-2 months. It will be a six- day contract with a physical delivery on T+2 basis," SGX associate director-commodities Derek Neo told PTI on the sidelines of the 11th International Gold Convention in Pune.
The size of the contract will be 25 kilos, available for trading only for three hours a day from 8.30 a.m. to 11.30 a.m. at Singapore time, he added.
The bourse is expecting good volumes as Asia is becoming big trader in kilobar.
"This will also benefit Indian traders as they will be able to see the price trend of gold kilobar when the Singapore market for gold closes at 11.30 a.m." he said.
Stating that the intention of launching the contract is to get the benchmark price for kilobar gold in Asia, Mr Neo said that currently, there is no benchmark for kilobar gold in Asia.
The only price benchmark for gold right now is London 'fix', which has come under intense scrutiny by regulators. The exchange plans to launch a few more products based on the response to the 25 gold kilobar contract, he added.
Asked how India will benefit from this contract, Mr Neo said, "India is a net importer of gold. I think the contract is going to provide another avenue to source quality gold based on transparent price basis."
China and India account for more than half of global gold consumption, but Asia still largely relies on the London fix for reference.
SGX had earlier offered rolling gold contract for retailers for a very brief period after it acquired the Singapore Commodity Exchange during 2007-08.
SGX is located in Singapore and provides different services related to securities and derivatives trading mainly centred on Asia's three largest economies - China, India and Japan. SGX is also a member of the World Federation of Exchanges and the Asian and Oceanian Stock Exchanges Federation.
Story first published on: September 12, 2014 23:57 (IST)

JPMorgan Hackers Accessed Servers But Stole No MoneyYou are here: Home Corporates
JPMorgan Hackers Accessed Servers But Stole No Money
Reuters | Updated On: September 13, 2014 13:45 (IST)
Fair Trade Regulator Clears Zuari's Open Offer for Mangalore Chemicals Shareholders
Boston:
Hackers accessed dozens of servers at JPMorgan Chase & Co in a cyberattack launched in June, though no money was taken, the New York Times reported on Friday, citing people familiar with the investigation into the case.
"We are confident we have closed any known access points and prevented any future access in the same way," the paper quoted JPMorgan spokeswoman Kristin Lemkau as saying.
She added that the bank had "not seen any unusual fraud activity" since the intrusion was discovered and said there was no evidence that they have taken any proprietary software or had a blueprint of the bank's network, according to the Times.
JPMorgan disclosed late last month that it had been the victim of a cyberattack and was working with US law enforcement authorities to determine its scope.
The Times said the attack began in June, was detected in July and that the bank last week briefed financial regulators on the extent of the damage.
The report said that hackers accessed information on about 1 million customer accounts. It cited one source as saying that hackers had not gained access to financial information or Social Security numbers, and may have only been able to review names, addresses and phone numbers.
Bank spokeswoman Trish Wexler told Reuters she could not elaborate on Lemkau's statements to the paper or otherwise comment on the report.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Email Services Like Gmail May be Banned for Government UseFair Trade Regulator Clears Zuari's Open Offer for Mangalore Chemicals Shareholders
New Delhi: Popular email services like Gmail and Yahoo! are likely to be banned for official use to safeguard critical and sensitive government data.
A proposal to this effect is being moved by Department of Electronics and Information Technology (DeitY) for Cabinet approval by month-end, sources said.
Government communication, barring those of Ministry of Defence and External Affairs, will be done using the platform of the National Informatics Centre (NIC), they added.
While Defence Ministry has its own separate secure email server, the External Affairs too may follow suit.
The move comes amid concerns about rising cybercrime and hacking incidents. Earlier this week, five million usernames and passwords of Google were reported to have been leaked online by Russian hackers.
Government is expected to route official communication through the National Informatics Centre's (NIC) email service.
DeitY has drafted the policy on use of email for government offices and departments and views and comments of ministries concerned are being taken on this, sources said.
Sources said the policy seeks to protect large amount of critical government data and aims to make it mandatory for government offices to communicate only on nic.in platform, not on commercial email services Gmail, Yahoo!, Hotmail, etc.
The policy is expected to cover about 5-6 lakh Central and state government employees for using the email service provided by NIC, they added.
To ensure smooth working of the NIC platform, DeitY will soon require about Rs 4-5 crore to ramp up NIC infrastructure.
Besides, a total investment of around Rs 50-100 crore would be required for full operationability of the policy, including integrating emails with cloud so that official data can be saved on a cloud platform and can then be easily shared with the concerned government ministries and departments.
Story first published on: September 13, 2014 17:20 (IST)

India Business Growing but on Watch Mode: TCSFair Trade Regulator Clears Zuari's Open Offer for Mangalore Chemicals Shareholders
New Delhi: Despite rising revenues from India, IT services major Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) remains cautious on the country saying it is waiting for "more broad-based confidence" to come back.
The Mumbai-based firm, which registered revenues of over $3.6 billion in April-June 2014, saw its India business grow 5 per cent.
"Last quarter also, we had a growth in India and this quarter also, we expect to have growth in India; however, we want to still keep it on a watch mode because we are still waiting for more broad-based confidence to come back," TCS chief financial officer Rajesh Gopinathan told analysts.
Though the company is witnessing some amount of momentum, it is "early days yet" to call it a big turnaround, he added.
"However, it will grow and we expect it to grow better than average this quarter also."
According to the company's annual report for FY14, India accounted for 6.71 per cent of its revenue (Rs 5,487.8 crore) compared to Rs 4,890.26 crore (7.76 per cent) of total revenues in the previous fiscal year.
North America, which is the company's largest market, accounted for 53.03 per cent, followed by the UK (17.42 per cent), Europe (11.22 per cent) and Asia Pacific (7.22 per cent).
Asked whether growth in India was coming from a couple of clients or was more broad-based, Mr Gopinathan said it was coming across government as well as the private sector.
"Is it broad based? Technically, yes. But, does it give us confidence on it? Not yet," he added.
TCS is scheduled to announce financial results for the July-September quarter on October 16, 2014.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 12:43 (IST)

National Auditor Used Hindsight to Question Decision: Reliance IndustriesFair Trade Regulator Clears Zuari's Open Offer for Mangalore Chemicals Shareholders
New Delhi: Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL) has accused the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of exceeding its brief in the audit of spending on the eastern offshore KG-D6 block saying hindsight is being used to question operational decisions taken 8 years ago.
RIL in a presentation at an Exit Conference called by the auditor at the end of its second audit KG-D6 for 2008-09 to 2011-12 stated that use of hindsight to question project efficiencies and procurements "could be easily perceived as a performance audit which obviously was not the stated intent of Audit".
"In spite of the assurance that this is not a performance audit, the benefit of hindsight seems to have been used to question the efficiency, effectiveness and economy of not only contracts but also assess the prudence of operational decisions taken as many as eight years ago," it said.
In a separate letter to the Directorate General of Hydrocarbons (DGH) in response to draft audit observations, RIL said, "The audit team has exceeded the proper scope of an audit under Section 1.9 of the Accounting Procedure to the PSC by commenting on the commercial, operational and technical performance of the Contractor and by providing its own legal interpretation of provisions contained in the PSC."
An audit under production sharing contract (PSC) must be limited to the verification of charges and credits recorded in the accounts against actual amounts incurred, paid and received.
"In particular, we are concerned to see comments that appear to be arriving at a conclusive opinion as to the proper legal interpretation of PSC provisions concerning matters that are in dispute and already the subject of arbitration proceedings between the Government and the Contractor," RIL said.
The company further said the national auditor appeared to conclude that the contractor was required under the PSC to achieve the levels of gas production estimated in the approved field development plan and that the government is entitled disallow cost recovery for under-utilisation of facilities.
"However, the interpretation of such provisions is already the subject of an arbitration proceeding... We respectfully submit that matters such as this should be left to be resolved by the arbitral tribunal and doing otherwise would be to undermine the arbitral tribunal and the dispute resolution provisions contained in the PSC," it said.
RIL said at several places in the draft audit report that CAG's audit team has merely paraphrased its responses and then dismissed them with a vague "we disagree" without specifying the reasons for not accepting our responses.
To CAG, it said, the PSC procurement procedures were intended to differ from government/PSU procurement procedures and to promote investment efficiency, faster decision making in the interest of the project.
While government/PSU procedures focus on piecemeal and individual tenders taken on standalone basis, avoiding delays and cost of not doing things becomes a primary consideration in PSC procurement.
"Therefore, audit of procurement under the PSC cannot be done keeping Government/PSU procurement procedures in mind," it said.
KG-D6 is India's first and only deep water project and amongst the most complex and difficult projects in the world, RIL says.
"The Draft Audit report seems to quote selectively from the responses submitted by the Contractor, whereas, it would have been appropriate to reflect Contractor's views in their complete context," it said adding that reasons/rationale for not accepting its explanations may be provided in the final audit report.
"Audit is requested to indicate the basis for quantification of any adjustment of accounts recommended in the final report," it said.
"Issues which are either under Arbitration or are the consequence of differences in interpretation of PSC provisions should not be commented upon in an Audit of accounts."
The PSC provides for due processes for dispute resolution and an Audit adopting a particular interpretation will prejudice the issue.
On draft audit observation that capacity created was under-utilised because of fall in gas output thereby adversely affecting its government's profit petroleum, it said RIL and its partners have disputed linking cost recovery to production and the matter was under arbitration/sub-judice and any inference drawn would be prejudicial to the interest of the parties to the PSC.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 18:32 (IST)

General Insurance Wage Talks on MondayYou are here: Home Corporates
General Insurance Wage Talks on Monday
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 14, 2014 21:36 (IST)
Fair Trade Regulator Clears Zuari's Open Offer for Mangalore Chemicals Shareholders
Mumbai: Ahead of the second round of wage negotiations beginning in New Delhi on Monday, state-owned general insurers have written to the government expressing the readiness of a section of their employees to join the new pension scheme which they had rejected twice in the past.
"We have written to the government on the NPS (New Pension Scheme) issue, and sought its approval," New India Assurance chairman-cum managing director G Srinivasan, who is also the chairman of General Insurance (Public Sector) Association (GIPSA), told PTI.
The four public sector non-life insurers have around 70,000 employees. Of which, around 50,000 had already moved on to the New Pension Scheme (NPS).
Around 20,000 employees, working at the four state-owned general insurance firms, will be benefited in case the third option of pension is offered to them as they did not opt for it when the second pension scheme was offered to them falling in line with the banking industry in 2008, he said.
Monday's wage negotiations will be the second round on the issue. The first round took place earlier in the year.
All the heads of the four state-owned general insurance companies are likely to attend the meeting which will be held by the GIPSA.
The unions are seeking a hefty 40 per cent hike in net salary and if allowed it will benefit 70,000 employees.
"Majority employees of PSU general insurance firms had not opted for it when the option for pension was offered to them for two times in past as the interest rate on deposit was comparatively high with the banks those days," Bharatiya Veema Karamachari Sena (BVKS) general secretary Prasad Samant said.
"In fact, when the new pension option was offered to us for the second time, we were not given enough time to give our consent and hence a majority of us opted out and hence we want it now," BVKS working president Amrish Sinha said.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 21:05 (IST)

Rupee Falls to 61.07 on Broad Dollar GainsYou are here: Home Forex
Rupee Falls to 61.07 on Broad Dollar Gains
Reuters | Updated On: September 15, 2014 10:10 (IST)
Rupee Snaps 2-Day Fall, Closes at 60.92 Per Dollar
The rupee was trading at 61.03 per dollar versus Friday's close of 60.65/66. It had fallen to 60.07 earlier in the session. The Indian unit was tracking weaker emerging Asian currencies.
Data released on Saturday showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Heineken rejects SABMiller s bid for potential takeoverHeineken declines SABMiller's bid for potential takeover
Thomas Escritt     Amsterdam   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 11:15 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Dutch brewer Heineken said on Sunday it was approached by larger rival SABMiller about a potential takeover but that its controlling shareholder intended to keep the company independent.
The maker of Heineken and Amstel beers said it consulted with its majority shareholder and concluded that SABMiller's proposal was "non-actionable".
"The Heineken family has informed SABMiller, Heineken and Heineken Holding of its intention to preserve the heritage and identity of Heineken as an independent company," it said in a statement.
The founding family owns just over 50 per cent of Heineken via Heineken Holding. A further 12.5 per cent is owned by Mexico's FEMSA.
Citing people with knowledge of the matter, Bloomberg news agency reported SABMiller's approach earlier on Sunday, saying it was part of an SAB strategy to protect itself from a potential takeover bid from its larger rival, world No. 1 brewer Anheuser-Busch InBev.
Bloomberg reported from its sources that SABMiller's offer would have made the Heineken family one of the largest shareholders in the combined group. The newswire also said that the approach was made in the past two weeks.
Speculation about an AB InBev move on SABMiller has been circulating for months, as the world leader - known for its aggressive merger strategy - has largely digested its last acquisition. Talk of such a deal had intensified in the past week, according to sources who spoke on condition of anonymity.
SAB was not immediately available for comment after Heineken's announcement, but declined to comment earlier in the day.
SABMiller has done many deals on its journey from a small South African player to the world's No 2 brewery, including the 2005 purchase of Colombia's Bavaria, the 2007 purchase of Grolsch, the 2008 combination of Miller Brewing Co with the US business of Molson Coors and the 2011 purchase of Foster's Group.
Like other brewers, SABMiller is struggling to grow in Europe and North America. New revenues from emerging middle classes in developing markets have been dented by weak currencies in many of those countries.
Heineken, the largest player in the mature Western European market, has expanded steadily in faster-growing emerging markets, including Mexico and Asia.
(Reporting by Martinne Geller, Anjuli Davies and Sarah Young in London; Philip Blenkinsop in Brussels and Thomas Escritt in Amsterdam) - Reuters

Google launches Android One from India  3 phones to shiptodayPrint
Head of Google's Android Sundar Pichai addressing a press conference in New Delhi. (Source: Express photo: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:39 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 11:04 pm
Google on Monday launched the first set of Android One smartphones aimed at emerging markets from India. Three Indian smartphone makers – Micromax, Karbonn and Spice – have launched one smartphone each powered by MediaTek processors. The devices will be priced Rs 6,399 onwards, a bit above the $100 price point that was promised initially.
ALSO READ: Google to start searching for Android One success from India 
Android One devices will feature mid-range specs including a 4.5-inch touchscreen, 1.3 GHz MediaTek processor and 4GB internal memory among other mid-range features. However, what will set these devices apart is their low data usage and access to free YouTube in a couple of weeks. Yes, users of these phones will be able to access YouTube without any data charge.
The phones will start selling today on Flipkart, Snapdeal and Amazon. Offline sales will start around Diwali. Google has also announced mobile experience zones that will go around the country soon.
The devices will be among the first get the Android L update and will have Google translate featuring Hindi to English. Sundar Pichai said India is just the template to learn and will soon be launching in other South Asian countries. Acer, Alcatel, Asus, HTC, Intex, Lava and Lenovo are joining the programmes along with Qualcomm, he added.
Pichai said this moment was similar to the launch of the first G1 phone, which kick started Android that has now grown to 1 billion users worldwide.

AIADMK  BJP tussle heats up as Tamil Nadu local body by-pollsnearPrint
Chennai | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:37 pm
With the by-elections to Tamil Nadu local bodies nearing, tussle between the AIADMK and BJP has entered into its worst phase on Sunday with the top leaderships of both parties accusing and raising allegations that would possibly spoil the ‘good’ relationship that the state and centre maintained after the Lok Sabha elections.
In a scathing attack against BJP on Sunday, the Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa accused BJP for its double standards on the sensitive fishermen issue. Launching her campaign in Tuticorin as part of the Mayoral by-poll elections, she castigated the state BJP for condoning the statements of Subramanian Swamy wherin he had advised the Sri Lankan government not to release the boats of Tamil Nadu fishermen. “Both the state leadership and the central government had failed to counter his claims,” she said, accusing BJP’s double standards.
Meanwhile, in Coimbatore, union minister of state for heavy industries, Pon Radhakrishnan, has been meeting press reporters with evidences that claimed AIADMK has begun wooing voters by distributing cash in Coimbatore municipality. “AIADMK has grossly misused power and this election wont be free and fair,” he said, demanding the State Election Commission (SEC) to scrap the local body polls. Citing evidences of money distribution of misuse of powers, the party has already filed a complaint to the SEC.
Following the resignations of several AIADMK mayors elected in 2011; by-elections to several vacant local body posts and mayoral elections in Coimbatore, Tirunelveli and Tuticorin corporations are scheduled to be held on September 18th .
Ever since the elections were announced in TN, BJP under the new leadership has been facing a tough battle from the ruling party in the state. AIADMK candidates in at least five local body by-election seats were declared elected unopposed after BJP candidates withdrew from the race. Last week, the BJP’s nominee to contest the Tirunelveli mayoral election, G P R Vellaiammal, withdrew from the race and joined the AIADMK.
The BJP chief Tamilisai Soundararajn alleged that several BJP candidates contesting in the local-body by elections are being either threatened or ‘bought over’ by the AIADMK. She accused AIADMK of abducting their candidates. Immediately after the AIADMK had released a press statement with a photograph of Vellaiammal and party general secretary Jayalalithaa announcing that the BJP candidate has joined AIADMK in the presence of Jayalalithaa.
On Sunday, in a new political move, BJP state president Tamilisai Soundararajan has urged the state Congress party to support BJP candidates in this local body by-elections, ‘to defeat the money and muscle power’ of AIADMK. Reports say that BJP is also likely to get support from DMK.

Mastek to demerge  and list  its insurance b...Mastek to demerge, and list, its insurance business
By ET Bureau | 15 Sep, 2014, 01.33PM IST
Mastek, one of the first IT companies to be listed in the country, has been focusing on growing its insurance vertical with a strong base in products and intellectual property.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Mastek is demerging its insurance products and services business into a separate listed entity, to be called Majesco Ltd , to capitalize on the growing opportunity in the US insurance market, the latest in a line of companies to create independent unit to focus on their products business.
Mastek, one of the first IT companies to be listed in the country, has been focusing on growing its insurance vertical with a strong base in products and intellectual property. Last year, it hired Salvatore Abano , with nearly 20 years of experience in IT for insurance companies, as chief of strategy and client servicing in New York and has about 1000 employees with deep domain knowledge of the insurance space
"This is part of Mastek's continuing endeavour to maximise shareholder value and create a platform for the Insurance products and services business to tap the immense opportunity in the US and Global Insurance market." S Sandilya , Chairman, Mastek said in a statement.
Mastek shareholders will receive one share of the new subsidiary Majesco, for each share of Mastek that they own. The company said it would look to list Majesco on the Bombay Stock Exchange and the National Stock Exchange.
"We believe Mastek's insurance vertical demands higher valuation relative to other key vertical and overall business. Mastek's platform is currently used by over 80 P&C insurance customers successfully. And the company's has nearly 50% revenue contributed from insurance segment," Amar Mourya , research analyst with IndiaNivesh said in a note. He added the company expects some corporate action in Mastek - potentially listing the insurance business in the US separately.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Ford launches refreshed Figo priced up to Rs...Ford India launches refreshed Figo priced up to Rs 6.09 lakh
By PTI | 15 Sep, 2014, 02.07PM IST
The new look Ford Figo will have smoky stealth finish exterior styling elements, including 14 inch alloy wheels, fog lamp bezels and rear bumper valance.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Ford India today launched a refreshed version of its compact car Ford Figo priced up to Rs Rs 6.09 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) ahead of the upcoming festival season.
The refreshed Ford Figo will be available at Rs 3.87 lakh to Rs 5.14 lakh for petrol variant and Rs 4.83 lakh to Rs 6.09 lakh (ex-Showroom Delhi) for the diesel option, the company said in a statement.
"With the refreshed look, we are adding even more style to the Figo, which is highly regarded as a reliable vehicle with an outstanding value-for-money proposition," Ford India Executive Director (Marketing, Sales and Service) Vinay Piparsania said.
The new look Ford Figo will have smoky stealth finish exterior styling elements, including 14 inch alloy wheels, fog lamp bezels and rear bumper valance.
The company said the new Figo range will also continue to offer a two-year or 1,00,000 kilometre warranty. It is also offering 'Happy Pocket Service' with comprehensive scheduled service with price starting at Rs 2,199.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

India-Vietnam ink 7 pact  to expand oil expl...India, Vietnam ink 7 pacts; call for 'freedom' of navigation
By PTI | 15 Sep, 2014, 01.59PM IST
The agreements were signed during the second day of four-day state visit of Pranab Mukherjee who held talks with his Vietnamese counterpart. 
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
HANOI: India and Vietnam today inked seven pacts, including one to enhance cooperation in the strategic oil sector, as they called for "freedom" of navigation in the South China Sea, a remark which could irk China which has been claiming territorial sovereignty over the high seas.
The agreements were signed during the second day of the four-day state visit of President Pranab Mukherjee who held talks with his Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang here.
Both the countries decided to "strengthen and deepen bilateral cooperation on the basis of the strategic partnership with focus on political, defence and security cooperation, economic cooperation, science and technology, culture and people-to-people links, technical cooperation and multilateral and regional cooperation."
In a subtle message to China, the two countries, who established strategic ties in 2007, asserted that the freedom of navigation in the disputed waters of the South China Sea should not be "impeded" and called all the parties "concerned" to exercise restraint in this context.
"The leaders reiterated their desire and determination to work together to maintain peace, stability, growth and prosperity in Asia. They agreed that freedom of navigation in the East Sea/South China Sea should not be impeded and called the parties concerned to exercise restraint, avoid threat or use of force and resolve disputes through peaceful means in accordance with universally recognised principles of international law, including the UNCLOS-1982," said a joint communique issued after the meeting.
China has been exerting its influence in these waters which is not taken well by Vietnam and other bordering countries like the Philippines.
The two sides urged for "collective commitment of the concerned parties to abide by and implement the 2002 Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea and to work towards the adoption of a Code of Conduct in the South China Sea on the basis of consensus.
"They called for cooperation in ensuring security of sea-lanes, maritime security, combating piracy and conducting search and rescue operations," it said.
"Both the nations also agreed to continue closer interaction under the institutional architecture of the strategic partnership, particularly the Joint Commission meeting, the Foreign Office consultations and strategic dialogue, security dialogue and other dialogue mechanisms between the two countries," the communique said.
After the delegation-level talks, both the leaders oversaw the signing of pacts on seven different subjects in the presence of dignitaries and senior government officials.
Apart from a Letter of Intent (LoI) signed between the ONGC Videsh Limited (OVL) and Vietnam Oil, the other pacts include extending a dollar credit line between Vietnam and EXIM Bank of India , agreement on co-operation and mutual assistance in customs matters, MoU on animal health, MoU on setting up of Pangasius breeding and farming in India, MoU on operating and jointly promoting direct air services between Vietnam Airlines and domestic Indian air carrier Jet Airways and MoU on cooperation in youth affairs and skill development.
The two sides also agreed to undertake a focussed cooperation in defence related procurement.
Page 1 of 2

China woos Maldives to join Maritime Silk RoadUpdated: September 15, 2014 14:22 IST
China woos Maldives to join Maritime Silk Road
Atul Aneja
AP Chinese President Xi Jinping
TOPICS
international relations
China has invited Maldives to actively participate in the Maritime Silk Road (MSR) project, an initiative to string together partnerships with countries in the Asia-Pacific and the Indian Ocean, including India, in the wake of the decision by the United States to bolster its military capability in the region.
Visiting President Xi Jinping prefaced his visit by welcoming Male’s intent to get “actively involved in the 21st century Silk Road initiative".
Mr. Xi first referred to the proposal in 2013 during a visit to Indonesia. Chinese officials said that the MSR symbolises the continuity of their maritime traditions, which were amplified by the voyages to the Asia-Pacific, South Asia, West Asia and East Africa by the famous 15th-century Chinese mariner, Zheng He.
But aware of Indian sensitivities about China’s growing maritime prominence in the Indian Ocean, officials in Beijing have stressed that their country is not pursuing an India containment policy.
China’s Assistant Foreign Minister Liu Jianchao told resident journalists last Tuesday that China “has never, and will not, use so-called military or other means to try and hem in India".
“There is no strategic competition between China and India in our relationship and there is certainly no such word as 'surround'," he observed.
Xinhua quoted Ye Hailin of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences that Maldives was "a key link of the Maritime Silk Road", and China planned to utilise its ports. Analysts pointed out that the newly-formed BRICS bank and Asian Development and Investment Bank (ADIB), could be involved in funding maritime infrastructure, including ports and investment parks, as well as energy and information technology hubs in countries belonging to the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN), and South Asia, under the MSR initiative.
In a signed article that was widely published in the local media in the Maldives, Mr. Xi said, he hoped to "map out the blueprint" of the relationship with Male during talks with his Maldivian counterpart, AbdullanYameen.
Chinese tourists have begun to flood Maldives, but their presence is also fuelling anxieties, apparently on account of the growing jihadi influence in the idyllic archipelago.
In an interview with The Independent, former President Mohamed Nasheed claimed that up to 200 Maldivians were fighting for Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
Maldives is also on the frontline of the global warming debate and Mr. Xi has offered to work together with Male on climate change.

Nifty hovers around 8050; SBI  Hero  Dr Reddy s steadySep 15, 2014, 01.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Nifty hovers around 8050; SBI, Hero, Dr Reddy steady
Hindalco, Tata Steel, HDFC, Wipro and GAIL are top laggards while Cipla, Hero, HDFC Bank, Dr Reddy's Labs and SBI are major gainers in the Sensex.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Nifty hovers around 8050; SBI, Hero, Dr Reddy steady
Hindalco, Tata Steel, HDFC, Wipro and GAIL are top laggards while Cipla, Hero, HDFC Bank, Dr Reddy's Labs and SBI are major gainers in the Sensex.
Post your opinion here
13:00
Moneycontrol Bureau
1:55 pm Interview: Bajaj Electricals has secured fresh orders worth Rs 518 crore in the Engineering and Projects (E&P) division. In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Shekhar Bajaj, CMD of Bajaj Electricals , said the company has received eight orders for rural electrification in the Madhya Pradesh region. The company’s order book stands at Rs 3,178 crore as on September 13, which is at the highest-ever level.
Bajaj said that orders have been coming too fast for the company, hence the management has consciously decided on slowing down on the order intake as it wants to focus more on the execution aspect. Bajaj Electricals is targetting Rs 1,500 crore of revenues in FY15 and may earn Rs 500 crore (revenue) from the E&P project in H1FY15. Bajaj said the company is not participating in any low-margin orders currently.
1:30 pm Market outlook: Mahantesh Sabarad, Deputy Head of Research at SBI Cap Securities says it is unlikely that Nifty will go beyond 8300 in a hurry because the macro triggers are not in place yet to propel the market higher. Would wait for a correction to buy into, he adds. According to him the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) for the year could be just below 6 percent.
Answering a query on pharma sector, he says the house is overweight on the pharma sector. Although the healthcare in US is set to growth only by 4-5 percent in value terms, Indian companies are likely to get much bigger market in the US. The house prefers Dr Reddy's over Cipla because the stock has been a lagging its peers in terms of valuations but has a very strong ANDA pipe lines, says Sabarad.
Amongst midcap stocks, the house is bullish on Eicher Motors with a target price of Rs 13,150.
Don't miss: Mastek up 15%, to merge insurance products & services biz  
The market fails to take cues from positive WPI data as August data comes in at a 5-year low at 3.74 percent august fuel inflation also comes in at a 5-year low at 4.54 percent.
The Sensex is down 197.57 points or 0.7 percent at 26863.47 and the Nifty slips 53.25 points or 0.66 percent at 8052.25. About 1621 shares have advanced, 1200 shares declined, and 99 shares are unchanged.
Hindalco, Tata Steel, HDFC, Wipro and GAIL are top laggards while Cipla, Hero, HDFC Bank, Dr Reddy's Labs and SBI are major gainers in the Sensex.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan roots for market prices of fuel. He says government must use current juncture to eliminate fuel subsidies. The RBI governor also says IIP data shows that recovery is evident and inflation is on the RBI's trajectory.
Crude oil futures fell by 1.82 percent to Rs 5,569 per barrel today as speculators trimmed
positions amid a weakening trend in Asian trade after a sharp slowdown in Chinese industrial production.
The trading sentiment eased at futures trade after crude oil prices fell in Asian trade today after a sharp slowdown in Chinese industrial production raised concerns about slackening demand in the world's top energy consumer, analysts said.
 

Expect credit growth of around 18-20%: Federal BankWe now have almost 600 branches outside which resulted in some costs across many quarters
Shyam Srinivasan
MD & CEO
Federal Bank
Goldman Sachs is confident that  Federal Bank is back on growth path. A report by the investment expects loan book to grow 20 percent over FY15-16. It believes the asset quality woes in retail and SME have largely subsidised.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Shyam Shrinivasan, MD and CEO, Federal Bank says the quality of the portfolio has improved considerably across many quarters and more recently the stability is visible. “We look forward to similar or better performances in the quarters ahead particularly retail and SME businesses which have trended quite well.”
According to Shrinivasan, the costs on account of new branch establishment, which had affected the bank over many quarters, have stabilised. The bank does not hold large portfolios of stress and aims to bring down its non-performing assets (NPAs) and non-performing loans (NPLs) going ahead.
Shrinivasan is confidently looking to achieve a credit growth of around 18-20 percent going ahead.
The private sector lender, which had an exposure of Rs 85 crore to  Kingfisher Airlines has been successful in recovering around Rs 10 crore out of total outstanding loans.
The bank is also in a process of declaring KFA a willful defaulter.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Out of a couple of takeaways from Goldman Sachs report, one of them was that the asset quality woes have largely subsided especially in retail as well as in the SME segment. The previous quarter was quite strong in terms of asset quality. Do you think you will further improve it in Q2?
A: Yes we believe that the quality of the portfolio has improved considerably across many quarters and more recently the stability is visible. We look forward to similar or better performances in the quarters ahead particularly retail and SME businesses which have trended quite well.
Q: Profits will improve because of greater operative efficiency. If you could give us any kind of numbers in terms of what you are targeting?
A: I would hesitate to give a forecast but for many quarters both the incremental footprint, we have increased our network considerably outside Kerala. We now have almost 600 branches outside which resulted in some costs across many quarters. We have now stabilised that and we are looking to get more operating leverage ensuring that the low cost deposit business is growing well in both our markets, as also ensuring the underlying momentum in retail and SME which has been trending well.
The outcome of these two with an improved credit portfolio should start bearing better outcomes. But I look at the inputs more strongly.
Q: If your gross NPAs fell to 2.22 percent in Q1, do you think that you could improve it further in Q2, what would be the guidance? Would it be sub 2 percent at least anytime in FY15?
A: Certainly that is the direction plus minus a few basis points here and there would be driven by if there is any abnormal activity in any quarter. But directionally if you have been tracking us we were in the mid, high threes.
We have trended down to the early two and we look to see that continuing, we don’t have any large portfolio of stress that is not been addressed. So with an improving environment, with a lot of the corrective actions beginning to bear fruit, I see it trending in this direction.
Exact number will be an outcome of that particular quarter if there is any event but directionally that is what it will be.
Q: What about credit growth, what is the outlook for that for the rest of the year?
A: We are seeing reasonably good traction. Consider Q1 and Q4 of last year, the two data points have both grown more than 4 percent in that quarter. So annualised, that itself is about 15-16 percent and this is spread across all our businesses, retail, SME and the large corporate.
With an improving environment, with the busy season coming up that is trending a little upwards. So in the 18-20 percent kind of credit growth is something that we are confidently looking forward to.
Q: Will it primarily be towards retail?
A: It is split across. In Q1 the highest growth was the large corporate typically in the Rs 25 to 50-60 crore credit exposure portfolios. But we have also seen reasonable growth in retail and SME. So it wont be biased on any one segment, it will be reasonably balanced with retail as SME tends to look better in this part of the year.
Q: Would you have exposure to any of the vulnerable accounts that have been spoken off for example Bhushan Steel , as well as  Lanco Infratech and may be even  KS Oils where the bankers are looking to sell off some assets?
A: Not appropriate to discuss specific names but KS Oils was on our portfolio long back and we have already taken 400 percent write-off on that. On Lanco we don’t have anything.
Q: Your non-interest income has been a point of concern amongst the analyst community that it might not be as robust in terms of growth. What are you envisaging in terms of your total non-interest income growth in FY15 and what would it be led by?
A: NII growth has been beginning to show better traction. We are looking at all the elements of fee income growth, be it retail or on the fx side for SME and large corporate businesses. It is seeing traction, yes it has been a relatively slower part of the corrections that we were putting in place but many of the ingredients are beginning to fall in place.
I am quite confident that our rate of growth of fee income will be higher by at least 200 bps more than our advance growth. I am talking about 20-22 percent growth in fee income. And that will be the first data point for us to ensure that it is more a steady and stable growth going into the next year.
Q: There have been reports that you all are also looking to declare Kingfisher as wilful defaulters and there were reports earlier indicating that you all have recovered around Rs 10 crore. What is your total exposure to Kingfisher and can you give us more clarity on what the process of declaring the Kingfisher management or certain promoters as wilful defaulters?
A: The overall exposure was about Rs 85 crore. Yes we have recovered about Rs 10 crore. We are going through various steps to ensure that we have done what is appropriate, given the management adequate time to respond to the various queries.
We are going through various steps, we have initiated our steps from our side of the process already to declare them as a wilful defaulter.
Federal Bank stock price
On September 15, 2014, Federal Bank closed at Rs 128.15, up Rs 0.60, or 0.47 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 136.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 55.69.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 11.14 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 11.5. The latest book value of the company is Rs 81.24 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.58.
RELATED NEWS

Innoventive Industries  director Ramprasad Joshi resignsSep 15, 2014, 02.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Innoventive Industries' director Ramprasad Joshi resigns
Innoventive Industries Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Ramprasad Joshi has tendered his resignation, vide letter dated August 31, 2014, from the said post to the Board.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Innoventive Industries' director Ramprasad Joshi resigns
Innoventive Industries Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Ramprasad Joshi has tendered his resignation, vide letter dated August 31, 2014, from the said post to the Board.
Post your opinion here
 
Innoventive Industries Ltd has informed BSE that Mr. Ramprasad Joshi has tendered his resignation, vide letter dated August 31, 2014, from the said post to the Board.Source : BSE

No reason to tie down GoogleSeptember 10, 2014 7:06 pm
Continental jealousy is no reason to tie down Google
By John Gapper
Europe’s Lilliputians should not bind Gulliver simply because the tech giant is bigger than them
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f4f5b43a-374a-11e4-8472-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rajan warns against abrupt reversal of low global interest ratesUpdated: September 12, 2014 02:02 IST
Rajan warns against abrupt reversal of low global interest rates
PTI
financial and business service
Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan, who had predicted the 2008 financial meltdown, has said that abrupt reversal of low interest rates globally could create substantial amounts of damage and that it should be done in a predictable and careful way.
He was also worried that altering the price of capital for substantial period of time distorted investment decision and the nature of the economies.
“We’re in the hole we are in. To reverse it by changing abruptly would create substantial amounts of damage. So I’m with (U.S. Federal Reserve) officials in saying that as we get out of this, let’s get out of this in a predictable and careful way, rather than in one go,” he told the Time magazine.
He was asked whether quickly reversing low rates could backfire.
Asked whether super easy money has led to misallocation of capital, he said his greater worry was that by altering the price of capital for a substantial period of time, “are we also, in a sense, distorting investment decisions and the nature of economy we will have.”
“Have we artificially kept the real rate of interest somehow below what should be the appropriate natural rate of interest today and created bad investment that is not the most appropriate for the economy?”
To a question whether long-term low interest rate mean trouble, Dr. Rajan said his sense was that monetary policy could do only so much, and beyond a certain point, it did more damage than good.
A number of years over central bankers had convinced markets that they would continuously come to their rescue and would keep rates really low for long that had pushed asset prices beyond fundamentals and made markets much more vulnerable to adverse news, Mr. Rajan said.
Asked about the lack of coordination in the global financial system led by the U.S., he said the U.S. should recognise that actions of emerging economies to protect themselves over the long run had come back to affect the U.S.
He said there was room for greater dialogue on how these policies should be conducted not just to be nice but because in the medium run it was in the U.S.’ own self interest.
“If you are not careful about the volatility you create, others will have to respond, and everybody is worse off,” Mr. Rajan said.

US builds support for new Isis strategySeptember 11, 2014 6:44 pm
US builds support for new Isis strategy
By Geoff Dyer and Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/fd913bc4-39ce-11e4-8aa2-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

FinMin mulling raise in stake in banks up to 52%New Delhi, September 12, 2014
Updated: September 12, 2014 17:01 IST
FinMin mulling raise in stake in banks up to 52%
PTI
ministers (government)
The Finance Ministry is finalising the draft Cabinet note on reducing government stake in PSU banks to up to 52 per cent as part of recapitalisation drive.
In 2010, the then Cabinet had approved a proposal to keep the minimum shareholding of government to 58 per cent in the public sector banks in order to provide buffer for the future.
A draft note is now being finalised for taking blanket approval from the Cabinet to bring down government the minimum stake in state-owned banks from 58 per cent to up to 52 per cent as and when required. It would soon be circulated to different ministries for their feedback, sources said.
As per law, government holding at any moment must not come below 51 per cent to maintain the public sector character of PSU banks.
At present, government shareholding in various banks varies between 56.26 per cent (Bank of Baroda) and 88.63 per cent (Central Bank of India).
Public sector banks require equity capital of Rs. 2.4 lakh crore by 2018 to meet Basel III norms. For the current fiscal, the government has allocated Rs. 11,200 crore for bank capitalisation. The government has infused an amount of Rs. 58,600 crore between 2011 and 2014.
During the current fiscal, sources said, SBI and PNB may be among the first banks to tap capital market this financial year to raise funds to meet global risk norms Basel III.
State Bank of India (SBI) is the country’s largest bank and government holds 58.60 per cent stake. Punjab National Bank is the second largest PSU bank, in which government holding is 58.87 per cent.
The capital would be raised through various instruments and at different times depending on the best valuation, they said. It will be done through a combination of FPO and QIP. Besides, banks could raise through bonds and selling assets.
Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in the Budget speech had said “to be in line with Basel-III norms there is a requirement to infuse Rs. 2,40,000 crore as equity by 2018 in our banks. To meet this huge capital requirement we need to raise additional resources to fulfil this obligation.”
While preserving the public ownership, the capital of these banks will be raised by increasing the shareholding of the people in a phased manner through the sale of shares largely through retail to common citizens of this country, the Minister had said.
“Thus, while the government will continue to have majority shareholding, the citizens of India will also get direct shareholding in these banks, which currently they hold indirectly,” he had said.

US targets Gazprom in new sanctionsLast updated: September 13, 2014 11:54 am
US targets Gazprom in new round of sanctions
By Courtney Weaver in Moscow and Richard McGregor in Washington
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8e23c932-3a50-11e4-8ee4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HSBC Paying $550M to Resolve Mortgage Bond ClaimsPop star Miley Cyrus surprised fans when she uploaded a cover of her singing the Led Zeppelin/Joan Baez song "Babe I'm...
3

Corporate India jewels need some sparkleAugust 12, 2014 3:40 pm
Modi must act to return some sparkle to jewels of corporate India
By James Crabtree
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a0898d6-21e4-11e4-9d4a-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Modis move to thwart WTO deal causes confusionAugust 1, 2014 4:25 pm
Modi’s move to thwart WTO deal causes confusion
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c67cfc5a-197f-11e4-9745-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Australias Pilbara cities plan under threatAugust 20, 2014 1:44 pm
End of Australia’s mining boom threatens Pilbara Cities plan
By Jamie Smyth in Port Hedland, Australia
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6a1257f2-266e-11e4-9bca-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

BHP mines record level of iron oreJuly 23, 2014 3:15 am
BHP mines record level of iron ore
By Jamie Smyth in Sydney
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/97d820f0-120e-11e4-8279-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Rio and Fortescue ramp up iron ore outputJuly 16, 2014 9:03 am
Rio Tinto and Fortescue ramp up iron ore production
By James Wilson, Mining Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3de42fc4-0cb1-11e4-90fa-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Australias big miners to tighten iron gripJuly 8, 2014 4:50 am
Australia’s big three miners look to tighten their iron grip
By Jamie Smyth in Port Hedland
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/155e6b84-0642-11e4-89a5-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinese economy faces more pressureSeptember 14, 2014 7:12 am
China economy faces more pressure
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/af6df684-3bd2-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Air India Set to Send Pilots to Fill Shortfall in Express Service: ReportFair Trade Regulator Clears Zuari's Open Offer for Mangalore Chemicals Shareholders
Mumbai: Air India's board has cleared a proposal for sending its pilots on deputation to its budget arm, Air India Express, which has been facing shortage of commanders for some time now, according to airline sources.
Air India used to earlier send its pilots on deputation to Air India Express (AIE) but stopped the practice after a two-month strike by pilots during May-June 2012.
"The Board recently approved the proposal, paving the way for AI pilots to join AIE," a source in Mumbai said.
Shortage of pilots in AIE has been continuing for a long time and has led to at least three or four machines of its 17-strong aircraft fleet always remaining on ground, they said.
Besides, Air India and AIE's top brass was keen to have in-house talent as a cheaper option rather than going to the market to meet the shortage.
"The idea was mooted several times with the airline management but did not find favour primarily due to the two-month strike by the pilots owing allegiance to the now de-recognised Indian Pilots Guild," they said.
Air India has already sold five of the total eight Boeing 777-200 LRs to Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways and has floated tenders to sell the remaining ones.
"The phasing out of these planes is leaving surplus pilots with the carrier who will now be adjusted in AIE. Besides, it will also help Air India pilots in getting command positions earlier than in the parent company. So, the move will benefit Air India and AIE as also the pilots," they said.
AIE will require around 50 more pilots to operate its entire fleet of 17 aircraft, they said, adding it will be better since the airline was planning to induct eight more Boeing 737-800s in the fleet to get back to the original size of 26 aircraft.
The Kochi-based low-cost subsidiary till a few year back used to operate some 214 flights with 25 planes, seven of them being leased aircraft.
However, it gradually phased out the leased aircraft and lost one brand new Boeing 737-800 in the Mangalore crash, bringing the fleet strength down to 17.
The airline now operates 165 weekly flights connecting 12 international routes, mostly to the Gulf, and also covers 11 domestic destinations. Of these, 87 flights are from Kerala alone.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 13:28 (IST)

Net FDI Inflows on Track to Top $30 Billion in FY15: NomuraExports Growth Slows to 2.4 Per Cent in August
New Delhi: Foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows to India are expected to gain further momentum and net FDI inflows to the country could cross $30 billion mark this fiscal year driven by improved investor sentiment, Nomura has said in a report.
According to the Japanese brokerage firm, net FDI inflows is on track to top $30 billion and this would reduce India's external sector vulnerability.
Net FDI into India rose sharply to $11.5 billion in the first four months of FY15 (April-July) from $8.4 billion over the same period in FY14, the report said.
"Based on the current run rate, we estimate that net FDI inflows could rise above $30 billion in FY15 (amounting to 1.4 per cent of GDP)," Nomura said in a research note.
In 2013-14, FDI inflows in India were $24.29 billion against $22.42 billion in 2012-13.
Citing the various factors that are likely to boost FDI inflows, the brokerage said, "Investor sentiment has improved, domestic confidence has revived, growth is on a recovery path and the government is focused on improving the ease of doing business."
Sector wise, telecom, pharma, and financial and business services were the largest recipients over the first three months of this fiscal year.
"In our view, the large inflow in July could be partly due to fund-raising in the e-commerce sector," it added.
According to official data, FDI flows to India surged about 34 per cent to $1.92 billion in June.
During April-June in this fiscal year, foreign inflows recorded a growth of 34 per cent. FDI was at $7.23 billion in April-June, 2014-15 as compared to $5.39 billion in April-June 2013-14, as per data from the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion.
The government is taking more steps to boost FDI in the country. It has raised the foreign investment limit to 49 per cent in defence manufacturing and relaxed the policy in construction sector. The government has also proposed to increase the FDI cap in insurance to 49 per cent.
 

Actress Reese Witherspoon Buys Pacific Palisades Homeactress reese witherspoon buys pacific palisades home
Isis militants say UK aid worker beheadedLast updated: September 14, 2014 10:19 am
Isis militants say UK aid worker beheaded
By Erika Solomon, Borzou Daragahi and agencies
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f1c7eac2-3bb8-11e4-84b4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Where have the sparrows goneUpdated: September 14, 2014 07:38 IST
Web Exclusive
Where have the sparrows gone?
P. J. Sanjeeva Raj
The Hindu The sudden disappearance of sparrows is a warning to humans about impending environmental hazards
TOPICS
wildlife
The rapid changes in the lifestyles of humans in urban areas are increasingly incompatible with the conservative lifestyles of sparrows
The House sparrow and its subspecies are worldwide in their distribution, except in the polar regions. Sparrows have had a symbiotic relationship with humans for the past 10,000 years. Poets have sung of their trust and love for each other in all languages. But strangely, over the past 50-60 years, sparrows have been sadly deserting human company in urban areas, preferring suburban areas and the countryside, and only making brief visits to nearby human habitats. So bewildering and absolute was their alienation that in 2002, sparrows were included in the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species in the U.K. and since 2010, March 20 has been adopted as World Sparrow Day. In 2012, Delhi adopted the House sparrow as its State bird.
Reasons for decline
Sparrows, though tiny, are very sensitive and strongly immune birds, and their sudden disappearance as sentinels or as ecological indicators is a warning to humans about impending environmental hazards. Several speculations have been put forward to account for sparrows deserting our cities, but they all boil down to the simple fact that the rapid changes in the lifestyles of humans in urban areas are increasingly incompatible with the conservative lifestyles of sparrows.
Non-availability of tiny insects as food due to the loss of vegetation around our modern buildings, the excessive use of mosquito repellents indoors and insecticides outdoors, our concrete architectures with no nesting sites for sparrows, and air-conditioning which leaves no entry or exit points for feeding sparrow nestlings are some of the reasons for the dislocation of sparrows. Further, increasing noise from automobiles and their gaseous pollutants in our cities may be deterrents. Above all, the recent increase in electromagnetic radiations from cell phone towers outdoors and the explosive use of diverse wireless devices indoors have also chased away the birds. It could be the synergistic effect of all these environmental pollutants that has compelled sparrows to fly away from their long-trusted human companions.
Other bird species
The House sparrow in reality is but only one among the several other species of birds and biodiversity that have been declining in numbers for the past 60 years. The disappearance of sparrows — as they are closest to humans — is however the most obvious. Sparrows, in fact, started disappearing from cities even before the advent of the cell phone radiations. Rachel Carson in her multi-award winning book, Silent Spring, published in 1962, warned the whole civilised world in a visionary way that insecticides were being used indiscriminately by illiterates from 1939 onwards and were tending to be “biocides” — killing not insects alone, but all life, even human lives, directly or indirectly. Unless all these “elixirs of death” as Carson calls them, are under check, sparrows, or for that matter any other species, cannot be prevented from reducing in numbers or becoming extinct.
Sparrows may not become extinct, but being resilient, they may migrate to safer zones, feed at public granaries, market places, ports and rail stations, nest at nearby sites and adapt to stabilise their population. As the famous evolutionist Charles Darwin said, “It is not the strongest nor the most intelligent that will survive but those that can adapt to changes.” Sparrows are so adaptive that “not one of them shall fall to the ground.” On the contrary, Edward O.Wilson, the Harvard visionary of biodiversity, is afraid that having annihilated the entire biodiversity on earth, humans, left alone like the child of divorced parents, may suffer a severe emotional shock of loneliness and enter what he calls the “Eremozoic Era” or the Age of Loneliness.
rajsanjeeva@gmail.com

Modi allure dims for multinationalsSeptember 14, 2014 5:55 am
Modi allure dims for multinationals awaiting ‘big bang’ in India
By Victor Mallet in New Delhi and James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a21725b6-3a31-11e4-83c4-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

TCS Opens First All-Woman BPO Centre in Saudi ArabiaMumbai: Tata Consultancy Services, India's largest software exporter, on Sunday said it has opened Saudi Arabia's first all-female BPO centre, which will provide employment to up to 3,000 women in three years.
Saudi Aramco and GE are the centre's first customers, TCS said in a statement in Mumbai.
Both the clients have already surpassed their targets of recruiting 100 women each, while the total number of those employed at the centre stands at 300, it said.
The Riyadh-based 3,200 square-metre facility will offer customers specialised finance and accounting, human resources, materials supply and office services to improve their operational efficiency, it said.
The centre was announced in September last year.
Saudi Arabia's trade minister Tawfiq bin Fawzan Al Rabiah, deputy governor of Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority Prince Saud bin Khalid, Saudi Aramco president and chief executive Khalid Al Falih and GE vice chairman John Rice were present on the occasion, the statement added.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 19:32 (IST)

China to limit streaming of foreign TVSeptember 4, 2014 11:27 am
China to limit foreign content on TV streaming websites
By Charles Clover in Shanghai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/57a60f94-33fe-11e4-8832-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Uber CEO: We ll run your errandsUber CEO: We'll run your errands
By Gregory Wallace  @gregorywallace September 14, 2014: 11:17 AM ET
 
Uber takes on delivery services
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The future of Uber is about pharmacies and rickshaws.
So says CEO Travis Kalanick , who is bullish the company is worth more than its $18 billion valuation . Currently, Uber is quadrupling each year, he said.
One of several avenues for expansion is in a category of delivery that's about running errands.
"In Los Angeles, we're doing something called Uber Fresh, which is you push a button and you get a lunch in five minutes," Kalanick told CNN's Fareed Zakaria. "In DC, we're doing Uber Corner Store . So imagine all the things you get at a corner store. ...
"FedEx isn't going to your nearest pharmacy and delivering something to you in five minutes," he continued.
Another is in emerging markets, where the company may focus on rickshaws, rather than high-end black cars, Kalanick said. Uber operates in more than 200 cities, including Cali, Colombia; Jakarta, Indonesia; Lima, Peru; and New Delhi, India.
 
Uber sets sights on rickshaws
But it's not all smooth sailing. The company faces competition from the traditional taxi industry as well as other, smaller ride-sharing and transportation apps, like Lyft, Gett and Sidecar. Uber and Lyft have engaged in a particularly nasty battle .
There are also challenges from regulators . That's why Kalanick -- who said "I can make really good code," but is not so skilled at working political systems -- hired President Obama's former campaign manager, David Plouffe .
"There's a lot of regulations that go way back that didn't contemplate what the future was going to look like," he said. Those laws didn't imagine a smartphone era where "you'd be able to get out an app and get a car in two minutes."
First Published: September 14, 2014: 11:11 AM ET
Join the Conversation

US confirms killing of US journalistLast updated: September 3, 2014 10:09 am
US confirms Isis killing of second US journalist
By Erika Solomon in Beirut, Geoff Dyer in Washington and Mark Odell and John Aglionby in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/1f29dd70-32c9-11e4-b86e-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banking bonuses overtake trading rewardsLast updated: September 14, 2014 6:49 pm
Banking bonuses overtake trading rewards
By Daniel Schäfer in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b07edca6-3aa5-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Business and the costs of Yes VoteSeptember 14, 2014 5:36 pm
Business and the costs of Scottish independence
Ending the 300-year-old single market will raise prices and hit jobs
Business has finally entered the Scottish independence debate , kicked off the fence by narrowing opinion polls and panicked investors. Better late than never.
Scotland’s largest banks are reassuring their customers that – whatever the outcome – they will stay British, backed by the Bank of England, and if that means changing domicile, so be it . Supermarkets have warned of rising prices. A growing chorus of bosses is now urging the Scots to vote No. The future of Scottish business has become a battleground of the campaign.
More
Draghi’s vision for eurozone growth
What took them so long? Many companies clearly felt it politic to keep quiet, whether to avoid annoying customers and employees with strong views, or to dodge the rough edge of the nationalist leader Alex Salmond’s tongue. The clenched fist rhetoric of Jim Sillars’s “day of reckoning” speech – in which he threatened to renationalise BP – speaks to a virulent anti-business strand within the Yes camp.
Shocked into finding their voices, businesses have started explaining the cost of Mr Salmond’s dream. They should be still more explicit: pricier postage stamps, kettles or baked beans are not abstractions: they hurt.
The Yes campaign is riddled with economic uncertainties. No one knows what currency arrangements an independent state would adopt or whether it would be part of the EU .
The negotiations to decide the future of important Scottish business sectors, such as renewable energy and oil, will be complicated and acrimonious. No energy provider will invest more in Scotland without knowing whether UK consumers still want to buy their expensive power. The oil sector needs to know the future fiscal regime before drilling more in the North Sea. The Yes side’s contention that all will be well is based on blind assertion.
Now they have entered the fray, business chiefs need to hammer home the consequences of unravelling a British single market woven over three centuries – one whose importance to Scotland far exceeds any other. Some 70 per cent of Scotland’s external trade is with the rest of the UK – many times what it sends to the rest of the EU.
A new border will affect those who never stray over it. Take Royal Mail. Scotland is covered by the universal service provision that obliges the postal service to make deliveries at the same cost across the UK. With independence, this will go: meaning increased costs for businesses that use the post and a sting in the wallet for anyone mailing birthday cards to relatives down south.
At present many British retailers absorb the higher costs of doing business in Scotland to offer standardised prices. Sir Charlie Mayfield, chairman of John Lewis, warned last week that this will end with independence. He is not alone: Asda and Marks and Spencer say the same. Groceries cost 4 per cent more in Ireland than they do in the UK.
To be blunt, most big Scottish companies have more customers in the UK than in Scotland. Take Standard Life, 90 per cent of whose British clients are south of the border. To keep them happy, the Edinburgh-based insurer has said it will redomicile in the event of independence. While the implications of this for jobs remain unclear, in the long run it is likely to mean more operations relocating to the UK.
Mr Salmond claims independence will unleash the energy and self-confidence of entrepreneurs. Maybe so: but their first task will be to deal with the self-inflicted damage caused by replacing a highly-integrated single market with a looser relationship with Scotland’s biggest trading partner. On this point it is the Yes camp – rather than business – that chooses to remain silent.
Related Topics
Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2014. You may share using our article tools.
Please don't cut articles from FT.com and redistribute by email or post to the web.

Imran Khans threat to Pakistan democracySeptember 14, 2014 5:40 pm
Imran Khan’s threat to Pakistan democracy
Cricketing hero’s anti-Sharif campaign is overstepping the mark
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/bbb645ba-39c3-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Americas war on terror by any other nameSeptember 14, 2014 5:18 pm
America’s perpetual war on terror by any other name
By Edward Luce
If you embark on something with your eyes half-open, you are likely to lose sight of reality
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f850056-38ee-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sell L&T  Reliance Infra Today: Sanjeev BhasinSensex, Nifty Fall Most in Nearly 5 Weeks on Fed, China Woes
The Nifty is likely to open lower on Monday as Asian markets have succumbed to profit taking. Indian stocks are likely to react to global cues.
Globally, the Federal Reserve meeting starting tomorrow will be important. Investors will be looking for clues as to when the US central bank will start raising interest rates.
Domestically, the wholesale price inflation data to be released today will be tracked closely.
The continued weakness in oil prices will attract exchange traded funds in to Indian equities.
Trading calls for today,
Sell L&T: 1575-1585, stop loss 1610, target 1532
Sell Reliance Infra: 685-695, stop loss 707, target 662
Also suggest profit booking in most of the previous carry-forward trades,
Buy PNB: 962-967, stop loss 947, target 999 (profit of 2 per cent)
Buy Uco Bank: 86-88, stop loss 83, target 97 (profit of 3 per cent)
Sell Sun Pharma: 822-828, stop loss 840, target 782 (profit of 4 per cent)
Sell M&M: 1365-1372, stop loss 1402, target 1276 (profit 1.5 per cent)
Also carrying the pair trade as under,
Buy Bank Nifty futures: 16230-16300, stop loss 16000, target 16750
Sell Nifty futures: 8130-8150, stop loss 8250, target 8020
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 08:24 (IST)

Chinese ETFs shut to new investmentLast updated: September 15, 2014 1:05 pm
Chinese ETFs shut to new investment
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7765ecc8-3c7d-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Yes Bank Falls After RBI Curbs FII Stock PurchaseYou are here: Home Market
Yes Bank Falls After RBI Curbs FII Stock Purchase
Reuters | Updated On: September 15, 2014 10:43 (IST)
Yes Bank shares fall 2.5 per cent on Monday after the Reserve Bank of India curbed foreign investors from further buying of its shares.
Further share purchase by foreign investors will be allowed only after obtaining the central bank's approval.
Yes Bank shares were trading down 2.50 per cent at Rs 617 as of 9.46 a.m.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Brewer M&A - coke problem© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/28bd172e-0030-11e4-8aaf-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

HK split on Beijings democracy proposalsSeptember 15, 2014 4:52 am
Hong Kong divided over Beijing’s proposal for democracy
By Demetri Sevastopulo in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/07a65246-3c83-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Scotland faces hurdles to join EUSeptember 14, 2014 11:57 am
Scotland faces running gauntlet to join EU
By Christian Oliver in Brussels
©Getty
After he was named the next president of the European Commission, one of the first things Jean-Claude Juncker did was to puncture the hopes of any Scottish nationalists confident of soon becoming citizens of the EU’s 29th state.
In the next five years, Mr Juncker said, the EU would not take on any new members but would rather “consolidate what has been achieved among the [existing] 28”.
More
‘War’ and ‘peace’ factions split Ukraine
Officials in Brussels noted the alarm in Edinburgh and moved quickly to explain that the new president had been talking about the Balkans, adding that Scotland would be a “special case”. But deliberately or not, Mr Juncker had made the point that there is no guarantee an independent Scotland will be able to join the EU.
EU lawyers and constitutional experts have no doubt that Scotland’s accession to the bloc is possible but Edinburgh will have to run a lengthy gauntlet of potential vetoes, crucially from Spain, which fears a Scottish Yes could accelerate Catalan dreams of independence . It will also need to deal with the question of joining the euro, which is now in theory obligatory for any new member.
Lord Kerr, chairman of the Centre for European Reform and Britain’s former envoy to Brussels, warned that it was impossible to predict how any of these votes and negotiations would go. “The fact is that the EU would be uncharted waters,” he wrote in a recent appraisal of Scotland’s prospects.
The only certainty among the treaty experts in Brussels is that Scotland’s admission to the EU will not be as automatic or seamless as the Scottish National party insists. To gain membership, Scotland will have to apply for admission and will face the following hurdles:
1) Recognition as a new country, particularly by Spain
Once it has been recognised by London, Scotland will need the same from all the other member states before it can apply (or reapply) to join the EU. José Manuel Barroso , Mr Juncker’s predecessor, said this year that it would be “very difficult, if not impossible” to secure a green light from all 28.
Five EU countries – including Spain and Cyprus – have still not acknowledged Kosovo’s independence. Officially, they argue, this is because Kosovo made a “unilateral” declaration, unrecognised by Serbia, its former master. Scotland’s case is therefore different, as José-Manuel García-Margallo, Spanish foreign minister, has acknowledged – but he is adamant that Scotland will have to reapply for membership, at the very least.
In depth
The approval process could be tortuous, requiring parliamentary debates and votes. Some countries, such as France and Austria, have also considered referendums for accepting new EU members, but these were proposed largely with Turkey in mind.
2) Commitment to joining the euro
All countries in the EU must be committed to joining the single currency . Denmark and Britain won “opt-outs” that are no longer available to new applicants. Olli Rehn, the EU’s former economy commissioner, has been categorical that keeping the pound would be incompatible with joining the EU.
“As to the question whether ‘sterlingisation’ [keeping the pound without the oversight of the Bank of England] were compatible with EU membership, the answer is that this would simply not be possible, since that would obviously imply a situation where the candidate country concerned would not have a monetary authority of its own and thus no necessary instruments of the economic and monetary union,” he wrote in a letter to Danny Alexander, chief secretary to the Treasury, this month.
Lord Kerr says a way to negotiate this challenge could probably be found: “A declaration of intent to join at an appropriate unspecified future date would probably suffice.”
However, it is unclear whether other EU nations or applicants would accept a commitment from Scotland that was tactical rather than sincere. Edinburgh would need time to show it was managing its own budgets and currency system responsibly.
Sweden has a de facto opt-out from the euro by not meeting some technical criteria but the EU has said it will be less tolerant of such tactics from new members.
3) Managing a transition
Increasing speculation centres on a potential “transitional agreement” that would grant Scots special rights akin to membership while their application for readmission was going through the system. People involved in the case of Greenland – which left the European Economic Community in 1985 – say the bureaucracy of an exit is gruelling and would be best avoided if Scotland is going to return to the bloc after a brief period outside.
Lawyers say it would be logical for the EU to agree to a temporary deal so Scots would remain locked into EU standards for, say, agriculture and labour while their reapplication is considered. The status of Scotland’s fisheries would be particularly sensitive as EU quotas are won in hard-fought negotiations where national population is important. An independent Scotland would lose leverage.
A transitional agreement would be an unprecedented compromise for an unprecedented situation. However, the idea of non-EU states conforming with EU law is not unusual. Countries such as Norway, Switzerland and Serbia often have to abide with large parts of the acquis – the body of EU legislation on topics ranging from competition to energy – because of the amount of business they conduct with the bloc.
Scotland could also take advantage of the period between the referendum and independence. Although the SNP envisages independence in March 2016, a delay would give it longer to negotiate EU admission in parallel.
4) Forget that rebate
In some respects, Scotland would be able to carry on in the EU much as it did as part of the UK, still sending six lawmakers to the European parliament.
Lord Kerr, however, said Scotland would almost certainly not be able to continue to enjoy Britain’s rebate from budget contributions that Margaret Thatcher, then prime minister, won in 1984.
“Existing member states, many much poorer in per capita terms than Scotland, would not agree to pay more to let the Scots pay less.”
Related Topics

Fight heats up for Scotlands undecidedsSeptember 14, 2014 5:04 pm
Battle intensifies for undecided voters in Scottish referendum
By Jim Pickard and Alistair Gray
©Getty
As the knife-edge Scottish independence debate heads towards its finale this week, the focus for both sides is on the roughly half a million voters who have yet to make up their minds.
Despite being subjected to heavy media coverage of the campaigns, more than a tenth of Scotland’s 4.3m eligible voters are still undecided.
More
Salmond calls big business ‘foolish’
Campaigners for and against independence will now try to prise them from the fence in the last few days ahead of Thursday’s historic referendum .
The floating voters include Marty Ritchie, a 30-year-old financial services worker in Glasgow, who will definitely vote: “But my decision might come down to on-the-day”, he said. “I can’t get to the facts.”
Alex Salmond, Scotland’s first minister, sought to reassure unconvinced voters about the aftermath of a Yes vote as he predicted that a cross-party “Team Scotland” would work together on the new country’s transition.
“There would be common sense agreements for a common currency,” he insisted on Sunday, countering the No camp’s argument that the rest of the UK would not share the pound with an independent Scotland.
At the same time David Cameron, the prime minister, was set to head to Scotland to make a speech setting out the perils of a Yes vote and how it could not be reversed.
With some 97 per cent of eligible adults having registered to vote, the remaining undecideds are mainly “don’t knows” rather than “won’t votes”.
They include first-time voter Alice Restrich, who wished there was an “I don’t know” badge. “I’m leaning yes but the Yes people are really in your face – it puts me off,” she said.
One figure from the Better Together pro-union camp said there were still people agonising over how to vote in every walk of life, across Scotland, from every background. “There’s not a single cliched Mondeo Man floating voter,” he said.
Yet the polls show two groups largely made up their minds long ago: men and the over-55s. By contrast, women and the under-30s were more likely to be in the undecided camp.
According to an Opinium poll for the Observer, 9 per cent of women still do not know how they will vote compared to just 6 per cent of men.
The Better Together campaign hopes that if people have not been won over by the Yes argument by now they are more likely to stick with the status quo.
“People who are more knowledgeable about psychology than me have suggested that if you are undecided you are more likely to veer towards a No vote,” says Tom Costley, group director of pollsters TNS UK.
Ryan Gavan, a 30-year-old PR consultant for a wildlife charity, said he did not like the “it’ll be all right on the night” attitude from the Yes campaign. “It’s like a wrestle between the head and the heart,” he said. “I’d love Scotland to be an independent country but I don’t think the policies are there to back it up.”
The Yes camp believes that there are not only half a million people who are still undecided but a further half a million who could still change their minds.
Women are not only less certain but also more inclined against independence, with Opinium finding 57 per cent of women planning to vote No against 48 per cent of men.
Jane Brownlie, a 39-year-old Lanarkshire teacher, said she was “bamboozled by the whole thing”.
“In the very beginning I was a definite No but at the moment I’m swaying towards Yes purely because I’ve heard more about it from them,” she said.
But she was concerned by what she regards as unrealistic promises – “vote for us and it will all be wonderful” – from the Yes side.
Related Topics

Rains in China kill 19  thousands evacuatedPrint
Associated Press | Beijing | Posted: September 15, 2014 10:38 am
Heavy rains in China’s southwest have killed at least 19 people and left 20 missing, with tens of thousands of people evacuated due to flooding, state media reported Monday.
The China News Service reported that 12 people had died in the city of Chongqing, three in neighboring Sichuan province and another four in Shaanxi province. Some 160,000 people had been evacuated from Shaanxi alone with another 85,000 from Sichuan.
The rains struck the region throughout Saturday, adding to downpours that hit Sichuan the previous five days.
Footage broadcast on China Central Television showed soldiers rescuing residents trapped in apartment buildings surrounded by high waters, including a woman and child holding on to ropes as they were lowered to a boat.
China’s meteorological center forecast heavy rain would continue in southwest and central China until Monday afternoon.

 Change Appointment Process in PSU Banks: RajanYou are here: Home Industries
RBI Chief Calls for Cleaning Up of Banking System
Reuters | Updated On: September 15, 2014 22:47 (IST)
L&T Construction Bags Rs 2,050-Crore Contracts
Mumbai: Public sector banks need to improve monitoring of loans and root out "bad apples" and "bad practices," Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Monday, as the sector continues to struggle with bad assets.
In a speech at a banking conference in Mumbai, Mr Rajan also called on public sector banks to stop outsourcing assessments of creditworthiness, and said the lenders needed to better monitor their loan evaluation processes.
"We need better evaluation using in-house skills, not intermediaries. I think one of the problems that has emerged in recent years and in recent scandals is the fact that evaluation has been outsourced," he told the gathered bankers.
"Evaluation is so central to banking, it's impossible to outsource it. It has to be brought back in-house and competency generated. We have to move towards engaged, informed banking and not banking driven by outside intermediaries and middle men."
Mr Rajan further said that public sector banks had "lots of good people" but said the lenders needed to root out "bad apples, bad practices, and weak capabilities".
The RBI supervises state-run banks in India, although the Finance Ministry controls the lenders through its majority stakes.
An economic slowdown in India has hit balance sheets in the sector, with stressed loans - those categorised as bad and restructured - amounting to about 10 per cent of all loans.
Police last month launched a corruption investigation at state-controlled Syndicate Bank Ltd, further raising concerns about weak oversight, graft and politically-directed lending in the sector.
State Bank of India (SBI), however, said the country's largest lender has never used a third party to assess the profile of a corporate borrower.
"SBI has never used a loan appraisal by any intermediary. We have always used our in-house appraisal system," SBI chairperson Arundhati Bhattacharya told reporters on the sidelines of the conference.
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex  Nifty struggle; Brent near 2-yr low  metals meltSep 15, 2014, 12.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex, Nifty struggle; Brent near 2-yr low, metals melt
Brent crude is seeing further softening to 26-month lows. Globally, disappointing Chinese data weighs on Asian markets. Traders are also cautious ahead of the FOMC policy decision.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex, Nifty struggle; Brent near 2-yr low, metals melt
Brent crude is seeing further softening to 26-month lows. Globally, disappointing Chinese data weighs on Asian markets. Traders are also cautious ahead of the FOMC policy decision.
Post your opinion here
11:13
Moneycontrol Bureau
11:55 am Inflation data:  The annual rate of inflation, based on monthly WPI, stood at 3.74 percent (provisional) for the month of August, 2014 (over August,2013) as compared to 5.19 percent (provisional) for the previous month and 6.99 percent during the corresponding month of the previous year. Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far was 3 percent compared to a build up rate of 5.23 percent in the corresponding period of the previous year.
 11:35 am RBI views: With crude oil prices falling globally, the Reserve Bank governor on Monday pitched in for eliminating diesel subsidies completely. However, he cautioned that geopolitical risks -Ukraine and Middle East - continue to remain and these low crude prices may be a temporary phenomenon.
On the macro-economic front, the IIP and CPI data released on Friday point to the fact that recovery is still some time away. But Rajan says India is on path to recovery. He says when compared to other emerging markets, what worked well for India is the emergence of a stable government.
11:20 am Buzzing: Shares of Mastek are roaring with hefty gains after it announced demerger of the insurance products and services business into a separate listed company. The stock soared 15 percent intraday, hitting 4.2 year high at Rs 269.50 per share.
“The board has approved the demerger of the insurance products and services business of into Minefields Computers to be renamed as Majesco followed by transfer of the offshore insurance operations by Majesco to Majesco Software and Solutions India, a wholly owned subsidiary of Majesco Mastek Insurance Software and Solutions,” it said in a press statement issued to the exchanges.
As per the company, Mastek shareholders will get one equity share of Majesco for every equity share held in Mastek, in addition to their existing Mastek shares. It also said that Majesco is proposed to be listed on the BSE and NSE where Mastek is currently listed.
Don't miss: Fortis hits 10% upper circuit; RadLink sale to ease debt
The market continues to slide further with the Nifty struggling below 8050. The 50-share index is down 59.30 points at 8046.20. The Sensex slips 206.23 points at 26854.81.
Brent crude is seeing further softening to 26-month lows. Globally, disappointing Chinese data weighs on Asian markets. Traders are also cautious ahead of the FOMC policy decision.
Data released on Saturday showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled.Indeed, there are worries that Beijing may be reluctant to provide additional stimulus for now, although many suspect the Chinese authorities will be forced to do should growth threaten to undershoot the official 7.5 percent target significantly.
The bearish Chinese data has added to worries about a 40-percent slide in iron ore prices this year and further soured sentiment for commodity currencies.
Metals stocks are under pressure. Hindalco and Tata Steel are major laggards.
Healthcare stocks are still gaining. Cipla is the top Nifty gainer as reports indicate Gilead Sciences is tying up Cipla and Strides for Hepatitis C drug.
 
Nifty breaks 8050; Gail, Hindalco, Tata Steel decline 2-3%
HDFC Bank bucked the trend, up over 1 percent as Managing Director Aditya Puri is affirmative that the growth will get back to 25 percent and even 30 percent growth when the economy gets back to 6-7 percent growth, which he expects by FY16.

Tony Hayward  Genel Energy© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4edd24be-38d7-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

 Investment Needs to Pick Up: RBI Governor RajanExports Growth Slows to 2.4 Per Cent in August
Mumbai:
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Dr Raghuram Rajan said India's macroeconomic indicators are improving and inflation has been coming down consistent with the central bank's forecast, but Asia's third-largest economy needs investment growth to pick up.
Dr Rajan, however, said Friday's industrial output and inflation data suggested that recovery was "uneven."
Output from mines, utilities and factories grew by a much slower-than-expected 0.5 per cent year-on-year, government data showed on Friday, down from June's revised 3.9 per cent rise.
Retail inflation, which the RBI tracks for setting lending rates, edged down marginally to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent a month earlier.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Sensex cracks over 200 pts; top 20 bets | Rupee @ day s low of 61.11Sensex under pressure, slips over 200 points; top 20 intraday trading ideas
By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | 15 Sep, 2014, 02.43PM IST
50-share Nifty index slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8,050 in trade, weighed down by losses in metal, IT, FMCG and capital goods stocks. 
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex plunged as much as 248 points in trade on Monday, led by losses in HDFC, ICICI Bank, ITC, RIL and Infosys.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8050 in trade, weighed down by losses in metal, IT, FMCG, capital goods and banking stocks.
At 2:30 p.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,868.54, down 192.50 points or 0.71 per cent. It touched a high of 26,998.07 and a low of 26,813.03 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,054.35 down 51.15 points or 0.63 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,077.30 and a low of 8030.00.
Market highlights @ 2:30
- 2 lakh Asian Paints shares traded in a block deal at Rs 662 Change, stock down 1.46%
- Diesel losses wiped out for first time since 2003-04, says Oil Ministry: ET NOW
Market highlights @ 1
- Mastek shareholders to get 1 equity share of Majesco for every Mastek share held
- Marksons Pharma can climb to around Rs 72 stop loss at Rs 66: Prakash Gaba
- Tata Coffee can climb to around Rs 1020, stop loss at Rs 980: Prakash gaba
- 18 lakh Idea Cellular shares traded in a block deal at Rs 169.75, stock down 2.39%
- August primary articles inflation at 3.89% vs 6.78% in July
- August WPI inflation at 3.74% vs 5.19% in July
ET Now spoke to various experts and here's what they have to recommend for today's trade:
Ashwani Gujral of ashwanigujral.com
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2480 and a stop loss of Rs 2420
Sun Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 850 and a stop loss of Rs 800
Jain Irrigations Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 102 and a stop loss of Rs 94
Aurobindo Pharma Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 921 and a stop loss of Rs 897
Mitesh Thacker of miteshthacker.com
Fortis Healthcare Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 150 and a stop loss of Rs 124
Jindal Steel & Power Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 220 and a stop loss of Rs 236
GSPF Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 110 and a stop loss of Rs 93
McLeod Russel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 320 and a stop loss of Rs 295
Sandeep Wagle, Founder & CEO, Power My Wealth
Tech Mahindra Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 2550 and a stop loss of Rs 2430
McLeod Russel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 330 and a stop loss of Rs 297
Hindalco Industries Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 156 and a stop loss of Rs 168
Prakash Gaba, CFT, prakashgaba.com
Chennai Petro Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 108 and a stop loss of Rs 102
GSFC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 108 and a stop loss of Rs 94
McLeod Russel Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 315 and a stop loss of Rs 301
Kunal Saraogi, CEO, www.equityrush.com
IFCI Ltd is a 'SELL' call with a target of Rs 32.50 and a stop loss of Rs 34.50
Escorts Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 150 and a stop loss of Rs 142
LIC Housing Finance Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 325 and a stop loss of Rs 311
Abhishek Karande, CMT, Technical Analyst - Institutional Research, SBICAP Securities
NMDC is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 220 and a stop loss of Rs 165
Punjab National Bank is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 1080 and a stop loss of Rs 955
ITC Ltd is a 'BUY' call with a target of Rs 390 and a stop loss of Rs 337
(Views and recommendations expressed in this section are the analysts' own and do not represent those of EconomicTimes.com. Please consult your financial advisor before taking any position in the stocks mentioned.)
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Why Android One is a historic launch for Indian phonemakersSep 15, 2014, 12.22 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Why Android One is a historic launch for Indian phonemakers
Today, Google along with homegrown domestic phone makers Micromax, Karbonn and Spice, will launch the Android One range of affordable phones that will aim to capture some of the potential of emerging economies’ rising penchant of smartphones as well as their high growth potential.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Why Android One is a historic launch for Indian phonemakers
Today, Google along with homegrown domestic phone makers Micromax, Karbonn and Spice, will launch the Android One range of affordable phones that will aim to capture some of the potential of emerging economies’ rising penchant of smartphones as well as their high growth potential.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Today, Google along with homegrown domestic phone makers Micromax, Karbonn and Spice, will launch the Android One range of affordable phones that will aim to capture some of the potential of emerging economies’ rising penchant of smartphones as well as their high growth potential.
Announced during Google’s marquee I/O conference in June, Android One smartphones will feature low-cost hardware designed by the company and manufactured by its partners even as the former would provide complete software support to the ecosystem.
The idea is a win-win for both Google as well as its partners.
By providing standard hardware specifications, it eliminates the need for manufacturers to tweak their devices and sets a minimum standard. This also helps in reducing chances of bugs and errors arising from hardware/software compatibility as well as lays some onus on Google in cases where troubleshooting is required.
For Google, it helps in having a greater say over the broader smartphone assembly line, an area it has forever been trying to expand, as witnessed by the launch of its Nexus series or acquisition of Motorola.
For both, it helps strengthening the already-vast footprint for Android, the quintessential operating system that both derive their respective strengths from.
Google vice-president Sundar Pichai has flown down to India for the launch event and even as much of what will conspire has been kept under wraps, the broad details – that each of the handsets would cost about USD 100 (or Rs 6,000) and would feature the latest version of Android KitKat 4.4, and that the phones may be sold only via the ecommerce model -- are already out.
Online retailer Flipkart, which is selling the phones along with Amazon and Snapdeal, offered a sneak preview of one of the phones when it accidentally put up a product listing accidentally (later removed).
The likely specifications -- 4.5-inch FWGA display, 1 GB RAM, 4GB ROM, 1.3 Ghz Mediatek quadcore CPU, 5 MP camera – look standard for a Rs 6,000 phone but they would likely give the homegrown manufacturers an armour to fight against the invasion of low-cost smartphones by marquee Chinese brands such as Xiaomi and Gionee.
That Google chose to partner with the Indian companies, rather than the Xiaomis of the world, who have proven themselves adept at manufacturing high-quality, low-cost phones, is not just a testament to its faith in their growing abilities but should also help them in gearing up for the Chinese challenge.
Micromax, which has become the number-one/two manufacturer of phones in the Indian market, rivaling Samsung, has particularly shown nimble-footedness in strategy as well as in its ability to scale up and increase its brand value.
But when it comes to affordable smartphones, Chinese manufacturers continue to remain a notch higher when it comes to putting together a value-for-money package, on specifications, cost, as well as technology and quality standards.
Maybe Android One would provide the required momentum for Indian companies to launch themselves into the next growth orbit.
RELATED NEWS

August WPI inflation shrinks to 5-year low of 3.74 per centET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Wholesale Price Index (WPI) for the month of August shrunk to a five-year low of 3.74% versus 5.19% in July. This is much below an ET Now poll of 4.4%.
The August WPI inflation is the lowest since October 2009 when it stood at 1.8 per cent. The WPI for June has been revised to 5.6% versus 5.43% earlier.
The primary articles inflation dipped to 3.89% in August versus 6.78% in July. The manufactured products inflation came in at 3.45% versus 3.67% in July. The food price index dipped substantially to 5.15% versus 8.43% in July. The fuel & power inflation was reported at 4.54% versus 7.40% in July.
Vegetable prices contracted 4.88 per cent, the third continuous month of decline. Maintaining a downward trend, the onion prices contracted by 44.7 per cent during the month under review.
However, potato prices were on the rise as inflation in the kitchen essential jumped to 61.61 per cent from 46.41 per cent in July.
Inflation in the fruits basket eased to 20.31 per cent in August.
While prices of protein rich items like egg, meat and fish contracted during the month, inflation in milk and pulses inched up to 12.18 per cent and 7.81 per cent, respectively, as compared to July.
While the news was greeted with cheer, most analysts are of the opinion that the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) tough stand on inflation will continue, since it is the Consumer Price Index (CPI) that the central bank tracks.
CPI inflation slowed to 7.8 per cent in August from nearly 8 per cent in the previous month. Consumer food inflation went up 9.42 per cent from 9.36 per cent in the previous month but with the monsoon improving dramatically in September, a further spike is unlikely.
Declining crude and vegetables prices will provide further relief with a cut in diesel prices on the cards. However, most experts still expect the RBI to hold interest rates when it reviews monetary policy on September 30. Retail inflation is still close to RBI's March 2015 target of 8 per cent.
"We do not expect RBI to change its stance in the upcoming credit policy announcement later this month and thereby the repo rate is likely to remain unchanged," Care Ratings said in a statement last week. The possibility of a rise in interest rates in the US could also keep pressure on the central bank to maintain status quo.

China industrial data hit marketsLast updated: September 15, 2014 9:11 pm
Investors wary as important week begins
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/81bbe6a8-3c7f-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian Stocks Skid to Five-week Low on China AnxietySensex, Nifty Fall Most in Nearly 5 Weeks on Fed, China Woes
Sydney: Asian stocks skidded to five-week lows on Monday, giving European markets a negative lead after a batch of weak data out of China raised the spectre of a sharp slowdown in the world's second-biggest economy.
Financial spreadbetters are expecting falls of 0.3 per cent to 0.7 per cent at the open for major European bourses.
"As if traders didn't have enough to contend with this week what with the Scottish referendum and the FOMC meeting, China has flapped their hands in the air to remind everyone that they are facing an abrupt slowdown," Capital Spreads trader Jonathan Sudaria wrote in a note.
Data out on Saturday showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slid 0.9 per cent to levels last seen on August 8. The index has fallen 4 per cent in a little over a week, from a near seven-year peak.
Australia's S&P/ASX 200 index shed 0.8 per cent, South Korea's KOSPI dipped 0.3 per cent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.6 per cent.
Oddly, mainland Chinese shares suffered only modest losses and the Shanghai Composite Index even managed to edge up 0.2 per cent.
"Equities in China have actually done reasonably well considering the situation and perhaps stimulus hopes are helping to put a floor on the losses," said Stan Shamu, strategist at IG.
Tokyo's Nikkei was spared the pain thanks to a public holiday in Japan. Normal trading will resume on Tuesday.
The bearish Chinese data has added to worries about a 40-percent slide in iron ore prices this year and further soured sentiment for commodity currencies.
Not surprisingly, the Australian dollar was a notable underperformer, dipping below 90 US cents for the first time since March and extending a decline from 94 cents early this month.
The other major currencies were steadier with the US dollar holding just below a six-year peak of 107.39 yen set on Friday. The euro was flat at $1.2960, having last week slumped to a 14-month trough of $1.2859.
There has been strong demand for the greenback as investors positioned for a slightly more hawkish shift from the Federal Reserve this week at its September 16-17 policy meeting.
This has driven US Treasury yields higher, with the 10-year yield last week scoring its biggest rise in over a year.
"The key question surrounding this week's policy event is whether a widely expected change in FOMC forward guidance is sufficient to refuel USD buying," Credit Agricole analysts wrote in a report.
"Having witnessed an already large shift in USD positioning...our answer is no. Indeed while we forecast USD strength to continue throughout Q4, USD demand appears to have gotten ahead of itself with longs (temporarily) over-extended."
Sterling remained on tenterhooks just days from the September 18 referendum on independence for Scotland, with polls showing the "Yes" and "No" camps pretty much running neck and neck.
A win for the "Yes" campaign could result in the end of the 307-year-old union with England and the break-up of the United Kingdom.
The pound was a touch softer at $1.6247, remaining vulnerable after skidding to a near 10-month low of $1.6052 last week.
Broad US dollar strength coupled with worries about demand knocked commodity prices lower.
US crude fell $1.08 to $91.19 a barrel, while copper shed 0.8 per cent to $6,785 a tonne. Gold steadied at $1,232.90 an ounce, after briefly touching an eight-month low of $1,225.3
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 12:49 (IST)

Water ports  waterways & better road connectivity: What Gadkari is focusing onTalking about the need for better waterway transport, Gadkari said, "It will mean less pollution, less accidents, less cost."
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Ensuring water supply and sanitation, road construction and development of waterway transport system were some of the salient focus areas of Union Minister of Road Transport & Highways and Shipping Nitin Gadkari in his 100-day report card for PM Modi's government.
Gadkari, who also has the additional charge of Rural Development, Panchayati Raj and Drinking Water & Sanitation, said that various ministries have worked for smoother and faster decision making process.
Talking about the need for better waterway transport, Gadkari said, "It will mean less pollution, less accidents, less cost." "Developing Inland waterways , ports is a priority. This can contribute at least 2% to GDP growth," Gadkari said.
Gadkari went on to say, "We have started a scheme to convert water bodies into water ports . A revolutionary change in water transport will take place." "For every bridge, after studying the land, a bridge cum barrage project will be incorporated to boost water availability," he explained.
Talking about his ministry's work, Gadkari said, "We are encouraging shipping industry, to promote tourism as well. "Policy framework for ship breaking and ship building is being evolved to make the sector more competitive."
"A special package is being envisaged for development of Mumbai Port," Gadkari said. "Rs 4000 crore will be invested in Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust," he added.
"Bus ports shall be made like airports, under BOT model," Gadkari said. "Bus ports shall have modern amenities like those in airports," he stressed.
Discussing the widespread drinking water problems in India, Gadkari said, "We have decided to transform drinking water schemes into solar. 3,248 solar powered dual pumps in Maoists districts have been completed for providing safe drinking water and reduce drudgery."
According to Gadkari, monitoring and accountability mechanisms will be set up in drinking water sector. "Our aim is to use 100% existing infrastructure in addressing drinking water problems," he said.
Gadkari said that a long-term roadmap 'Swachh Bharat Abhiyan' is being made, 'to transform it into a movement at national level'. "We are adopting an integrated approach to sanitation and water supply."
On the issue of expediting construction of roads, Gadkari said, "India has the world's second largest road network, measuring 48 lakh kilometre. The objective is to achieve a target of developing 30 km of road construction per day." "1000 km of roads have been constructed already; 350 km have been strengthened," Gadkari added.
Gadkari explained, "The objective is to restore confidence of developers/contractors through fund circulation in the sector. As the sector regains momentum, it would be opened to PPP investments again."
Stating that expeditious resolution of disputes and settlement of claims is significant for timely implementation of projects, Gadkari added, "A 3-stage dispute resolution mechanism has been made operational at NHAI to expedite process for one time dispute settlement." Gadkari also said, "A grievance button has been placed on the Ministry's website Mdws.gov.in for redressal of complaints."

Brent slips below $97; over 2-yr low on China dataPlease answer this simple math question.
3 + 1 =
Have something to say? Post your comment
Comments are moderated and will be allowed if they are about the topic and not abusive.
Characters remaining (1500)
To post this comment you must
Log In/Connect with:

Bigger the better Alibaba plans to boost IPO size  top price band likely to be above $70The Chinese e-commerce company plans to increase the top end of the price range to above $70 and plans to announce the new price range as early as Monday.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd plans to increase the size of its US initial public offering because of "overwhelming" investor demand, people familiar with the deal said on Monday.
The Chinese e-commerce company launched the IPO last week and had enough investor demand to cover the entire deal within two days, people familiar with the process said last week.
Alibaba could set a new record for the world's biggest IPO if underwriters exercise an option to sell additional shares to meet demand, pushing it as high as $24.3 billion and overtaking Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's $22.1 billion listing in 2010.
The company and some shareholders offered 320.1 million American depositary shares at a $60-$66 per share indicative range. Alibaba will likely file an amendment to its IPO later on Monday with a higher price range after discussing the new price with large US mutual funds and institutional investors, one of the people said.
"Demand has been overwhelming since the launch," said the person, who couldn't be named because details of the IPO aren't yet public. "Increasing the price range was already on the cards from the beginning."
Bloomberg earlier reported that Alibaba plans to increase the top end of the price range to above $70. (http://bloom.bg/1q6cHTi)
Alibaba spokeswoman Florence Shih declined to comment on the size of the IPO being raised.
Reuters reported on Friday that Alibaba plans to close its IPO order book early after it received enough orders to sell all the shares in the record-breaking offering.
OVERSEAS EXPANSION
Alibaba plans to expand its business in the United States and Europe after the much anticipated IPO, billionaire founder Jack Ma said on Monday as the Chinese e-commerce titan pitched its record deal to investors in Asia.
"After being listed in the US, we will develop our business in Europe and in the US," Ma told a packed group of journalists ahead of his presentation to investors. "We will not give up the Asia market because, as I would say, we are not a company from China, we are an Internet company that happened to be in China."
The investor luncheon took place in a huge events room at the luxury Ritz Carlton hotel. The hotel is on the same building as three of the main bookrunners of the IPO, just an elevator ride away from Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank and Morgan Stanley offices, across the harbor from the city's financial center.
Fund managers and analysts were given orange bracelets to give them access to the banquet of smoked salmon, chicken breast and mango pudding. The event had two videos and a question and answer session with Ma answering most of the questions, according to investors at the presentation.
MISSED OPPORTUNITY
Alibaba picked New York for its IPO after Hong Kong officials rejected its request to allow a small group of company insiders to nominate the majority of its board.
The request went against Hong Kong's "one share, one vote" principle, which has been staunchly defended by its securities regulator.
Ma, who is also Alibaba's executive chairman, said that the missed opportunity came about in part because of how Alibaba communicated its plans to local authorities, mirroring statements he gave last year.
"People say that Hong Kong lost the Alibaba deal. To me, I think it is Alibaba that missed this great opportunity to list in Hong Kong," Ma added. "We love Hong Kong. We will continue to love Hong Kong and invest in Hong Kong."
The company launched its IPO last week and is expected to price the deal on Sept. 18. It will start trading a day later.

Romance takes centre stageUpdated: September 14, 2014 19:07 IST
Romance takes centre stage
fiction
Kiran Joshi, who grew up on a fare of Bollywood drama and romantic novels, turns writer with a chick lit novel Beyond Forever... in Love
When Kiran Joshi moved from India to Melbourne and in her own words was “jobless” for a few months, she chose to write. Her book Beyond Forever… in Love was published earlier this year, and like many young Indians writing in English today explores the romance-fiction genre.
Beyond Forever… in Love is about Kamna, a young physiotherapist, who suddenly realises that her choice of career and choice in men have both been wrong. In a bid to turn things around, Kamna moves to Mumbai and opts to do an MBA programme. Soon, Varun, an old patient, comes back into her life and love blossoms between the two. But, all is not what it seems. Just when Kamna begins to believe that she has found Mr. Right, Varun is a changed man and things fall apart!
The book almost mirrors Kiran’s own life. Just like the protagonist in her novel, Kiran too is a physiotherapist, but chose to quit the field and pursue HR after an MBA degree.
“Nearly 50 per cent of the book is from my own life,” says Kiran. “I’ve always felt that when an author writes, he or she puts in small parts of his own life into the story. So, I started the novel with my own experiences, but then the characters took a life of their own and started creating their own stories,” she says.
So, while Kiran concedes that Kamna is a lot like her, she says, “But if I were to compare myself to her, I would say Kamna is a lot more patient than me. I am a very hyperactive person and sometimes my Bollywood-esque antics can be hard for people to tolerate.”
As for Varun… she sighs! “Varun is every girl’s dream man. He is suave, morally grounded and a total gentleman who is invested in relationships. And, oh! He is filthy rich too,” she laughs.
With the novel exploring the archetypical romance between a simple, girl next door and a wealthy man with Greek God looks, Kiran says the story came naturally to her. “Being brought up on a fare of Bollywood movies and romantic novels, I have to confess that I am an eternal romantic at heart. My first novel may be a romantic chick lit, but I am interested in pursuing other genres as well,” she says.
Currently based in Melbourne, it was not easy for Kiran to get the book published.
“It was easy to write the novel. But when one finishes it and looks to publish, the industry is just way too competitive for newcomers,” she says.
So a string of unanswered mails later, Kiran took matters into her own hands and stayed up odd hours to call publishers in India and chase them for responses. “Since, I was unemployed I had all the time in the world. Finally, I received a contract from two publishing houses. It was definitely worth all the hard work and chasing,” she smiles.
Beyond Forever… in Love has been published by Pustak Mahal and is available at Homeshop 18, bookadda, U read, Flipkart, Amazon and Pustak mahal.

Saradha was running ponzi schemes: SFIOComments
Completing its probe into 'chitfund scam' of 14 Saradha group firms, SFIO on Monday said these companies have been found to be running 'ponzi schemes' and would face prosecution for violation of several laws.
The investigation concluded that the group was using collections from new investors to make payments to the previously-enrolled members, rather than from income generated through investments, in typical resemblance to a ponzi scheme.
Among others, the activities of these companies were found to be in serious violations of the Companies Act, the Sebi Act, and several provisions of the Indian Penal Code, the Corporate Affairs Ministry said in a statement on completion of the SFIO probe.
The Ministry said those companies which have been found to have violated the Sebi regulations for 'collective investment schemes' would be prosecuted for violation of Sebi Act, instead of the Companies Act, as the former carried longer terms of imprisonment.
Besides, prosecution would also be initiated by the state governments for violations of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Scheme (Banning) Act, while the probe report and necessary evidence would be shared with CBI to avoid duplication in prosecutions.
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were defrauded of thousands of crores through illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year and has also had its political ramifications.
The case has also become a political hot potato with Mamata Banerjee-led West Bengal government facing flak from various quarters.
Read: Saradha scam: Oppn ups demand for Mamata resignation 
"The companies, their promoters, directors and managerial personnel have been found guilty on many counts of various provisions of the Companies Act... dealing with illegal collection of deposits and false statements, etc" it said.
"Several instances of violation of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act, 1978 have also been found. As prosecution under this law are to be initiated by the State Governments concerned, the Report along with evidence is being shared with the CBI.
"The Report is also being shared with Sebi for proceeding against companies which were found to be running unauthorised/ illegal Collective Investment Schemes (CIS)," the government said.
It said that the Serious Fraud Investigation Office also found evidence of violation of several provisions of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). "Such Sections are 107 (Abetment of Crime), 120B (Criminal Conspiracy), 403 (Dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (Criminal breach of trust), 409 (Criminal breach of trust by public servant), 415 (Cheating), 418 (Cheating with knowledge that wrongful loss will be caused), 419 (Punishment for cheating by personation) and 477A (Falsification of accounts).
"Since, CBI is now investigating cases under the IPC under orders of the Supreme Court, it has been decided to share evidence collected by the SFIO with CBI so as to avoid duplication in prosecutions," the government said.
In the wake of public protests, the Ministry also asked SFIO in April 2013 to probe the case. The agency, which looks into white collar crimes and violations of companies law, investigated more than 60 companies in this regard.
The probe agency had questioned many people including leaders from the Trinamool Congress party, while Saradha Group chief Sudipta Sen and some others were put behind the bars.
An interim report was submitted by SFIO in September 2013. Sebi had also passed an order against Saradha Realty in April last year, soon after massive protests by public investors began in West Bengal.
The company was asked by Sebi to refund the investors' money, among other strictures.

Looming payment for Australia coal assets hangs over GVKSep 15, 2014, 12.46 PM IST  | Source: Reuters
Looming payment for Australia coal assets hangs over GVK
The looming payment is the latest headache for GVK on three projects it took over at the height of the coal boom, which industry experts see as uneconomic with coal prices mired at five-year lows and unlikely to be developed for several years.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Looming payment for Australia coal assets hangs over GVK
The looming payment is the latest headache for GVK on three projects it took over at the height of the coal boom, which industry experts see as uneconomic with coal prices mired at five-year lows and unlikely to be developed for several years.
Post your opinion here
 
Indian conglomerate  GVK Group faces an October deadline to pay a final USD 560 million to billionaire Australian miner Gina Rinehart for coal assets it bought in 2011 and has yet to develop in Australia's outback.
The looming payment is the latest headache for GVK on three projects it took over at the height of the coal boom, which industry experts see as uneconomic with coal prices mired at five-year lows and unlikely to be developed for several years.
GVK bought 79 percent stakes in the Alpha and Alpha West coal projects and a 100 percent stake in the Kevin's Corner project from Rinehart's Hancock Prospecting for USD 1.26 billion, agreeing to pay the sum in three stages, with the final payment of USD 560 million no later than three years after the deal closed.
A senior GVK executive, who spoke on condition he was not named, confirmed the payment is yet to be made and is due next month.
Back in 2011, GVK had hoped the first mine would start producing in 2014, but the company has yet to sign off on a USD 10 billion plan to build a mine, rail and port as the coal price slump has made it tough to attract funding.
With no income from the project yet, the company faces a tough challenge to fork out USD 560 million.
"They will have to go to the banks and raise another loan," said Vibhor Singhal, an analyst at Phillip Capital.
"The future of the project is not in jeopardy. However, nothing has started yet, so there is still a question over how they can raise the funds and when they will start mining."
Two people familiar with GVK's Galilee Basin project said given the circumstances, GVK would probably need to renegotiate the payment deadline.
"Any such payments are a commercial matter and will be dealt with accordingly," said Josh Euler, a GVK Resources spokesman, in an emailed statement to Reuters. He declined to comment on how GVK would finance the payment.
Encouraged by huge energy demand in their home market and a shortage of domestic supply, Indian firms like GVK and Adani have spent billions overseas - including in Australia - to mine coal, which they want to ship to India to feed power plants.
But the projects in Australia have come up against a series of hurdles, including environmental opposition to the mines and the expansion of a port near the Great Barrier Reef that will be used to ship the coal.
The GVK Hancock project lies in the Galilee Basin, where massive reserves of coal remain untapped due to the costs of building ports and rail lines to Australia's east coast nearly 500 kms (310 miles) away.
GVK's share in the joint venture GVK Hancock is majority-owned by parent GVK Group, with listed entity GVK Power & Infrastructure owning the remainder.
Shares in GVK, which has a market capitalisation of USD 330 million, have lost 23 percent since June 1 against a 2.4 percent rise in the CNX INFRA Index, as the firm struggles to stem losses, trim its 220 billion rupees ($3.63 billion) in debts and the Hancock liabilities weigh on the stock, analysts say.
The listed company made a loss after tax of Rs 83.1 crore in the three months to end-June, widening from a loss of Rs 66.1 crore a year earlier.
A Hancock official did not respond to an email seeking comment.
GVK Power stock price
On September 15, 2014, GVK Power & Infrastructure closed at Rs 12.28, down Rs 0.42, or 3.31 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 20.85 and the 52-week low was Rs 6.15.
The latest book value of the company is Rs 15.69 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company was 0.78.
RELATED NEWS

TRF locked at 5% upper circuit on big order from BHELSep 15, 2014, 01.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
TRF locked at 5% upper circuit on big order from BHEL
Sudhir Deoras, Managing Director is confident of booking revenues and margins on this order from second half of this fiscal itself.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
TRF locked at 5% upper circuit on big order from BHEL
Sudhir Deoras, Managing Director is confident of booking revenues and margins on this order from second half of this fiscal itself.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Investors lapped up more shares of  TRF on Monday on bagging big order from state-run power equipment maker BHEL . The stock hit 5 percent upper circuit again, in addition to 5 percent rally in previous session.
The Tata Group company has received an order worth Rs 353.67 crore from BHEL, Bangalore. The order is for design, engineering, manufacturing, supply, erection and commissioning for conveying and crushing system with associated equipment for ore, flux, coal & coke handing system of 3.0 MTPY integrated steel plant of NMDC , Nagarnar, Chhatisgarh.
Sudhir Deoras, Managing Director is confident of booking revenues and margins on this order from second half of this fiscal itself .
With a turnaround on its bottomline, the firm aims to achieve revenues of Rs 1500 crore for FY15 on consolidated basis, says Deoras. With an order book of Rs 1500 crore, its debt on book stands at Rs 500 crore on consolidated basis, he adds.
At 12:55 hours IST, the stock was quoting at Rs 284.90, up Rs 13.55, or 4.99 percent. There were pending buy orders of 22,791 shares, with no sellers available.
Posted by Sunil Shankar Matkar
RELATED NEWS

Gileads local alliances on Hepatitis C drug Sovaldi set for a rough rideHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Gilead’s local alliances on Hepatitis C drug Sovaldi set for a rough ride
P.T. Jyothi Datta
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
California-based Gilead is set to stir the pot as it forges India-based alliances on its Hepatitis C drug sofosbuvir.
Multi-company agreements on the drug are expected to be announced later today.
Never before has a Hepatitis C drug attracted so much global attention. High-pitched debates on breakthrough drugs that are beyond the reach of patients because of their exorbitant prices – is a space that has in the past been occupied by cancer and HIV/AIDs drugs.
So why is Gilead’s sofosbuvir, marketed under the brandname Sovaldi, creating such a stir?
Sofosbuvir is the first of several oral hepatitis C drugs and it came into Gilead’s fold after it decided to buy Pharmasset for over $11 billion in late 2011. And it is known to be more effective, less toxic and easier to use.
The drug is pegged at $84,000 in the US for 12 weeks, though newer versions threaten to go higher in price.
In February, Gregg H Alton, Gilead’s Executive Vice-President, Corporate and Medical Affairs had told Business Line, they were in talks with a clutch of Indian companies to bring in sofosbuvir at about $2,000 for 24 weeks.
Gilead has in the past tied up with Mylan, Strides, Emcure and Ranbaxy for other drugs in India.
But this “alliance route” is unlikely to be smooth for Gilead’s sofosbuvir, as it is greeted in India by at least a handful of oppositions filed at the Indian Patent Office. These pre-grant oppositions are against granting patent protection to sofosbuvir.
A pre-grant opposition is a feature in the amended Patents Act that allows interested parties to oppose a patent application before a decision is taken by the Patent Office to grant or deny a patent.
A patent gives an inventor 20 years of exclusivity to market a product. And public health advocacy groups fear that such exclusivity could lead to monopolies in terms of pricing, making it unaffordable for a patient.
Opposed
In November last year, legal group I-MAK (Initiative for Medicines, Access & Knowledge) had filed a pre-grant opposition at the Kolkata patent office.
Gilead’s patent application had been opposed on the grounds that it was an “old science, known compound,” Tahir Amin, lawyer and director of US-based I-MAK.org, had then said.
“India’s patent law doesn’t give monopolies for old science or for compounds that are already in the public domain. We believe this patent on sofosbuvir does not deserve to be granted in India and have the legal grounds to prove it,” he had added.
A slew of oppositions followed against sofosbuvir, from the Delhi Network of Positive People, the Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance (a forum of large Indian drug companies) and Hyderabad-based drugmaker Natco.
The Gilead representative, had in his earlier interaction with the correspondent said, that they would defend their patents, even as they push for local production of the product to help bring down prices.
But, the pitch gets further queered, if the Indian Patent Office rules against giving Gilead a patent on this drug. This would allow more Indian drug companies to make the drug, even without a tie-up with Gilead. What happens to Gilead’s local alliances on this drug, in such a situation, is something that will then play out in full public display.
Strangle exports?
While such a day is in the realm of speculation, public health advocates fear that voluntary agreements between innovators and generic drugmakers could “strangle” exports from Indian companies – as the terms of such agreements are seen to be restrictive.
Based on the terms of the licence, it is clear Gilead is ensuring that its main competitors from India are tied up and cannot supply middle-income countries excluded from the licence, which is where there is significant demand/ economies of scale for the generics and where access is hardest for low-income patients, explains Amin.
Such voluntary licensing deals are “a slow strangulation” of generic medicine supplies from India, where patents are involved. As generic companies get locked into such deals, public health groups will have to find alternative generics suppliers who are willing to supply to excluded countries where there are no patents/ patents pending and or willing to challenge patents, which will be difficult.
Gilead had in the past said its agreement would cover 60 low- and middle-income countries, and would include royalty payments.
With 180 million people living with Hepatitis C today, and 350,000 dying annually of it — price negotiations on this drug will be closely watched by both advocacy and patient groups.

Alibaba plans to boost IPO size: ReportAlibaba plans to boost IPO size: Report
Reuters
Tweet
September 15, 2014:  
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd is planning to increase the size of its initial public offering due to strong investor demand, Bloomberg reported, citing people with knowledge of the matter.
The Chinese e-commerce company plans to increase the top end of the price range to above $70 and plans to announce the new price range as early as Monday, Bloomberg said.
Reuters reported on Friday that Alibaba plans to close its IPO order book early after it received enough orders to sell all the shares in the record-breaking offering.
Alibaba, could set a new record for the world's biggest IPO if underwriters exercise an option to sell additional shares to meet demand, putting it as high as $24.3 billion and overtaking Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's $22.1 billion listing in 2010.
The company launched its IPO last week and is expected to price the deal on September 18, and will start trading a day later.
Alibaba spokeswoman Florence Shih declined to comment on the report.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Sensex down over 200 points; broader markets outperformSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:49 PM IST
Markets remain weak; IT shares drop
Markets continued to trade weak in late trades with IT shares emerging as the top losers
Markets continue to remain weak in late trades on Monday weighed down by index heavyweights and IT majors.
At 3PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 238 points at 26,823 and 50-share Nifty was down 62 points at 8,043.
In the IT pack, TCS and Infosys were among the top Sensex losers along with ITC, Reliance Industries, ONGC and HDFC among others.
__________________________
(Updated at 12:50PM)
Benchmark indices continue to maintain weak trend post the announcement of August WPI inflation which fell to 5-year low of 3.74%.
WPI inflation fell to a five-year low of 3.74% in August compared to 5.19% the previous month.
Food inflation came in at 5.15% compared to 8.43% on a monthly basis, the lowest level since January 2012, while fuel and power inflation was at 4.54% compared to 7.40% in July.
At 12:50 PM, the Sensex was down 203 points at 26,858 mark and the Nifty lost 56 points at 8,049 mark.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices have gained between 0.1-0.5%.  The market breadth in BSE remains positive with 1,569 shares advancing and 1,195 shares declining.
Meanwhile, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said India's macroeconomic indicators are improving and inflation has been coming down consistent with the central bank's forecast, but Asia's third-largest economy needs investment growth to pick up.
The rupee depreciated by 33 paise to 60.98 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange due to increased demand for the US currency from importers amid a weak opening in the domestic equity market.
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours on Friday showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 182.80 crore on that day.
GLOBAL MARKETS
Asian stocks skidded to five-week lows on Monday, giving European markets a negative lead after a batch of weak data out of China raised the spectre of a sharp slowdown in the world's second-biggest economy.
Data out on Saturday showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slid 0.9% to levels last seen on Aug. 8. The index has fallen 4% in a little over a week, from a near seven-year peak. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 index shed 0.8%, South Korea's KOSPI dipped 0.3% and Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.6%.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE Metal index has slumped by over 1% followed by counters like Capital Goods, FMCG, IT and Oil & Gas, all gaining by nearly 1% each. However, BSE Healthcare and Realty indices are trading marginally in green zone.
Shares of metal companies are trading lower up to 4%on the NSE in a subdued market on weak Chinese economic data. China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August raising fears the world's second-largest economy may be at risk of a sharp slowdown.
Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, Jindal Steel, Hindalco and Coal India are down 1-4% on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
Other notable losers are HDFC, GAIl, Wipro, M&M, ONGC and Sun Pharma.
L&T is down by nearly 1% on the back of sluggish industrial growth in July.
On the gaining side, Cipla, Hero Moto, HDFC Bank, Dr Reddy’s Labs and SBI have gained between 0.2-3%.
Cipla has gained by nearly 3% in otherwise weak market on reports that Gilead Sciences plans to allow five Indian firms to sell generic versions of its new HepatitisC medicines viz sofosbuvir and ledipasvir in 90 countries.
Among other shares, RPP Infra Projects surged over 7% to Rs 92 on the BSE after the company today announced that it has received rural electrification orders worth Rs 55.20 crore.
 Advertisements

RPP Infra jumps on orders worth Rs 55 croreSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:39 PM IST
RPP Infra jumps on orders worth Rs 55 crore
The company has received rural electrification orders in UP worth Rs 55.20 crore
Shares of RPP Infra Projects surged over 7% to Rs 92 on the BSE after the company today announced that it has received rural electrification orders worth Rs 55.20 crore.
The contract is for rural electrification work of Villages/Majre of Baghpat District in Uttar Pradesh under the RGGVY 12th Plan for a total value of Rs 55.20 crore, the company said in a release.
"We are receiving many work orders from the inception of fiscal 2014-15. I hope that it will lead to enhance our company's turnover and profit this fiscal year," the release said quoting chairman and managing director, Arul Sundaram.
The stock opened at Rs 90 and touched a 52-week high of Rs 102 on the BSE so far. Over 75,000 shares were traded on both the stock exchanges so far.
 Advertisements

Markets trim losses after August WPI at 5-year lowSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:10 PM IST
Markets trim losses after August WPI at 5-year low
Markets trimmed losses after WPI in August fell to a five-year low of 3.74%
Benchmark share indices trimmed losses after a data release by the government showed that the whole-sale price inflation dropped to a five-year low.
At 12:10PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 187 points at 26,873 and the 50-share Nifty was down 52 points at 8,053.
WPI inflation fell to a five-year low of 3.74% in August compared to 5.19% in the previous month.
Food inflation came in at 5.15% compared to 8.43% on a monthly basis, the lowest level since January 2012, while fuel and power inflation was at 4.54% compared to 7.40% in July. 
The fall in wholesale inflation -- which the RBI uses to set interest rates -- is likely to trigger calls for cuts in the repo rate, or the rate at which the Reserve Bank of India lends to banks. 
Adding to the clamour will be the low 0.5% growth in July in industrial production, and a marginal easing of retail inflation rate of 7.8% in August
Wholesale inflation for June has been revised upwards to 5.66% from 5.43% previously.
HDFC, ICICI Bank, ITC, Infosys and Reliance Industries were the top Sensex losers while HDFC Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Cipla were among the top gainers.
_________________________________
(Updated at 11:40AM)
Markets continued to trade lower in late morning trades as investors turned cautious ahead of the whole-sale price inflation data for August due later today.
At 11:40AM, the Sensex was down 196 points at 26,865 mark and the Nifty lost 56 points at 8,049 mark.
In the broader markets, BSE Mid-cap index was trading lower with negative bias and BSE SMallcap index was trading 0.3% higher.
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours on Friday, 12 September 2014, showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 182.80 crore on that day.
Asian were trading lower after China's discouraging factory growth in August raised concerns of growth slowdown in the world's second-biggest economy. Markets in Japan were closed on account of a public holiday. Shanghai Composite rebounded from the day's lows and was trading with marginal gains, Hang Seng was down 0.6% and Straits Times gained 0.3%.
The BSE Metal index was the top loser down over 1% on concerns of a demand slowdown from China after recent data showed that August factory growth was sharply lower. All other indices were in the red except for the Healthcare Index which was up 0.6%.
Index heavyweights, HDFC, ICICI Bank, ITC, Infosys and Reliance Industries contributed the most to the Sensex decline.
L&T was down 0.8% on the back of sluggish industrial growth in July.
ONGC continued to remain weak on the back of government's partial stake sale in the exploration major.
Cipla was up over 3% in otherwise weak market on reports that Gilead Sciences plans to allow five Indian firms to sell generic versions of its new HepatitisC medicines viz sofosbuvir and ledipasvir in 90 countries.
Shares of Bajaj Electricals were up over 4% at Rs 290 after the company said it has bagged two orders worth Rs 518.46 crore.
Fortis Healthcare has surged 10% to Rs 134 after the company said decided to divest entire stake in healthcare service provider RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for SGD 137 million (over Rs 655 crore).
Yes Bank has dipped nearly 3% at Rs 616 in early morning deals on NSE after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said the foreign investors will need the central bank's approval to buy additional equity in the private sector lender.
Metal stocks were down because of weak factory growth in China during August.  China is the world's largest consumer of steel, copper and aluminum. Tata Steel, Hindalco, Sesa Sterlite and Coal India were down 0.5-2% each.
Market breadth was weak with 1,489 losers and 1,157 gainers on the BSE.
 Advertisements

StatsGuru: Taking stock of the phone launches by Apple & SamsungBusiness Standard |  Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:04 PM IST
StatsGuru: Taking stock of the phone launches by Apple & Samsung
Last fortnight, both Apple and Samsung unveiled new devices. As Table 1 shows, the companies still are the two largest players in the smartphone market. As compared to a few years ago, however, Apple has lost ground to Samsung.As Table 2 shows, while Apple's revenue growth was spectacular for much of that period, it has slowed, and is close to Samsung's earnings growth now. It still makes better margins, however, shown in Table 3. But Samsung has done notably better in terms of earnings per shar
Last fortnight, both Apple and Samsung unveiled new devices. As Table 1 shows, the companies still are the two largest players in the smartphone market. As compared to a few years ago, however, Apple has lost ground to Samsung.
1: APPLE & SAMSUNG DOMINATE SMARTPHONE MARKET | Create Infographics
As Table 2 shows, while Apple's revenue growth was spectacular for much of that period, it has slowed, and is close to Samsung's earnings growth now.
6: SAMSUNG HAS GIVEN BETTER RETURNS LATELY | Create Infographics
It needed to; according to IDC, and shown in Table 7, the phablet market will only grow in the coming years, at the expense of the smartphone market.
7: PHABLET MARKET WILL GROW IN COMING YEARS | Create Infographics
 Advertisements

Android One Launch: Live | Phones between Rs 6 000-7 000It's a tough battle and Google needs to step up the Android One game. There is nothing that sets these devices apart anymore.
02:26 PM
Canvas A1: The Android One smartphone from Micromax
02:04 PM
The first set of Android one devices are Micromax Canvas A1, Spice Dream Uno and Karbonn Sparkle V - all priced between Rs 6,000 - 7,000.
01:49 PM
Qualcomm is the new hardware partner for the Android One Program
Chipset manufacturer Qualcomm is the new hardware partner for the Android One Program which means that future devices will likely see Qualcomm processors in addition to the current Mediatek.
01:45 PM
Sundar Pichai also announced the next set of partners for Android One handsets. This includes Acer, Alcatel, ASUS, HTC, Intex, Lava, Lenovo, Panasonic and Xolo.
01:44 PM
The smartphones will go on sale starting 3.30pm today and they will also be available across physical stores from October 2014 onwards near Diwali.
01:44 PM
Spice will be available on Flipkart, Karbonn will sell on Amazon India and Micromax’s offering can be purchased from Snapdeal.
01:44 PM
Each brand has been paired with one ecommerce website an exclusive tie-up
01:43 PM
Airtel users can download Android software updates over 3G as well as 200MB worth of apps per month for six months at no cost>
01:43 PM
Google has also partnered with various network operators on special data packages for Android One users
01:41 PM
In terms of specifications, all the three manufactures have adhered to the minimum requirements set by Google.
The phones have a 4.5-inch display (845 x 480 pixels), dual SIM support and run a stock version of Android 4.4.
Hardware specifications include a quad core Mediatek processor, 1GB RAM, 4GB storage, microSD card for expansion (up to 32GB supported) and dual cameras.
This specification set ensures a fluid experience for the user, as opposed to many cheaper Android phones that are already available in the market.   >
01:40 PM
The first set of Android one devices are Micromax Canvas A1 , Spice Dream Uno and Karbonn Sparkle V – all priced between Rs 6,000 – 7,000.
01:16 PM
As Chennai boy Sundar Pichai announces Android One for India. Here is what makes him special:
Pichai, who has an educational background in business administration, has worked for Google since 2004.
He started as a product manager for Google Toolbar, an extension that Internet Explorer users could install for making quick Google searches.
He proved he could build strong relationships with other companies and managed to grow Toolbar's user base to about one in four web users by 2006.
Many Google employees picture Pichai as being the next CEO. He's like the Tim Cook to Apple's Steve Jobs: Not necessarily a man with a grand creative vision about how the company will change the world, but one that knows how to lead.
01:09 PM
4 billion people have no Internet access, while 1 billion are in India. Pichai says that AndroidOne will help India catch up
12:48 PM
What is Android One?
Android One is a program announced by Google's head of Android, Chrome web browser and apps Sundar Pichai back in June which promised rich smartphone experience on low-cost devices as Google will set minimum standards on hardware and software to be used by handset makers.
12:47 PM
By controlling hardware and software, akin to what Apple does, Google aims to bring user experience found on high-end smartphones to the affordable end of the device spectrum.
12:38 PM
Airtel, Reliance Communications to offer bundled data packs with Android One smartphones
Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communications are likely to offer bundled data plans with the Android One smartphones, bolstering Google's efforts in making mobile Internet more affordable in India, the fourth largest smartphone market globally after China, US & Brazil, with 111 million users.
12:35 PM
Smartphone Market Stats
Samsung is the leader with 29% market share, while Micromax holds 18% and Karbonn holds 8% shares. The Android One devices could propel the Indian brands further up in the market.
12:34 PM
India will be the ground zero for Google's Android One initiative over the next few months.
12:33 PM
Expectations from these devices, which are low-cost, are sky high since they come with Android experience.
12:20 PM
Google launches Android One, smartphones to be priced at around Rs 6,399
Android One will come bundled with local language support for Hindi, which is the first language for over 40% of the Indian population. Indian users will be able to give voice commands, type messages and use almost all major mobile applications in Hindi.
12:17 PM
More Android One devices to come in following months, above and below price band of Rs 6,300
12:08 PM
Google plans to expand Android One to Indonesia, Phillippines and other South Asian countries by the end of 2014 and in more countries in 2015.
12:06 PM
Facebook will benefit as much as Google as new smartphone users will also log into the former's popular social networking and messenger applications.
12:04 PM
11:55 AM
Micromax, Karbonn and Spice are the first set of manufacturers to participate in the Android One program
11:54 AM
Will Android One be a game-changer for low-cost smartphone market in India?
Yes

Inflation still too high to begin easing: Ra...Raghuram Rajan rules out rate cut
Raghuram Rajan rules out rate cut
The central bank wants to bring down interest rates when it is "feasible", Rajan told a banking conference.
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
MUMBAI: Stating that it is not just food prices that are persistently high but even those of other items which remain elevated, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said prices across the board have to come down to enable him to reduce key rates.
"Inflation is high not only in food, but also in non-food items and the best solution for the country is to bring it down. Then I can cut interest rates," Rajan told bankers at a summit organised by industry body Ficci here.
"I have no desire to keep interest rates high for even a second longer. I want to bring down interest rates when it is feasible and that would be when we have won the fight against inflation," he said.
"There is no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation pick-up again," Rajan said, adding that right now he thinks the central bank is continuing the way it proposed recently.
Taking a dig at the industry for its persistent demand to cut lending rates even when there is a price increase in the sector, the Governor asked them to bring down prices.
"When you do that then we will do that, we have no problem. Clearly you will have no consensus on this," he said.
The August wholesale price inflation sharply declined to a near five-year low of 3.74 per cent on declining prices of vegetables and other food articles from 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August 2013.
However, the consumer price inflation which the RBI has adopted as a monetary policy gauge, still remains high. For August, it inched down marginally to 7.8 per cent from 7.96 per cent a month earlier.
The RBI is targeting retail inflation of eight per cent by January next year and six per cent by January 2016.

Have sent RO plants to Jammu and Kashmir  says Nitin GadkariWatch: Actresses back Deepika Padukone after row over objectionable caption by a national daily on her picture
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

India s maiden Mars Orbiter Mission on track  says ISROWatch
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Naidu taking people for a ride  says APCCUpdated: September 16, 2014 01:24 IST
Naidu taking people for a ride, says APCC
Ravi Reddy
The Hindu Andhra Pradesh Congress Committee president N. Raghuveera Reddy. File Photo: C.V. Subrahmanyam
TOPICS
state politics
It said the Congress would not keep quiet if the TDP Government continued to dill dally on the poll promises, particularly the farm and DWCRA loan waiver.
The Andhra Pradesh Congress Committee has vowed to nail the Chandrababu Naidu Government in the State for its failure to implement even a single poll promise made before the assembly elections.
Releasing a 10-page fact sheet in Hyderabad on Monday on the 100 days in office by Mr. Naidu, APCC president N. Raghuveera Reddy said the Congress party would not keep quiet, if the TDP Government continued to dill dally on the poll promises, particularly the farm and DWCRA loan waiver.
Accusing the Chief Minister of taking the people of Andhra Pradesh for a ride, Mr. Reddy said when Mr. Naidu assumed office as the Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh in Guntur on June 8 this year, he had made grandiose announcement to implement five of the key poll promises.
Referring to all the key promises, Mr. Reddy said the Chief Minister had fooled voters by promise of farm loan waiver. “He promised to sign the first file on loan waiver. Three months down the line, no concrete steps have been taken,” he said warning that the Congress party would stand by the people, as they continued to suffer under the new regime.
Similarly, the SHG members and weavers were in distress as the banks refused to give fresh loans till the old ones were repaid. He charged that the promise of one job for every family was an utter misconception as the model ryots, field assistants, fair price shop dealers, mid day meal scheme cooks and outsourcing of employees in various departments were terminated.
The Congress chief said TDP was indulging in unethical politics by encouraging defections and went to the extent of issuing diktat that officialdom should listen only to the TDP leaders. He ridiculed the White Papers released by the Chief Minister in recent times saying that they were all factually incorrect and motivated.
The Congress leaders said all political parties in Andhra Pradesh should take equal responsibility for bifurcation of the State.
Senior AP Congress leaders and former Union Minister K. Chiranjeevi, Rajya Sabha member K.V.P.Ramachandra Rao, former Ministers – Anam Ramanarayana Reddy, Md Syed Ahmedullah and C. Ramachandraiah and APCC chief spokesperson R.Padmaraju were present.

Century Enka - Outcome of AGMSep 15, 2014, 02.25 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Century Enka - Outcome of AGM
Century Enka Ltd has informed BSE that the 48th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 13, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Century Enka - Outcome of AGM
Century Enka Ltd has informed BSE that the 48th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 13, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Century Enka Ltd has informed BSE that the 48th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 13, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

SPEL Semiconductor: Outcome of board meetingSep 15, 2014, 02.23 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SPEL Semiconductor: Outcome of board meeting
SPEL Semiconductor Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 15, 2014, approved the appointment of Mr. M. Jayasankar as Additional Director of the Company with effect from September 15, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SPEL Semiconductor: Outcome of board meeting
SPEL Semiconductor Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 15, 2014, approved the appointment of Mr. M. Jayasankar as Additional Director of the Company with effect from September 15, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
SPEL Semiconductor Ltd has informed BSE that the Board of Directors of the Company at its meeting held on September 15, 2014, approved the following:1. Appointment of Mr. M. Jayasankar as Additional Director of the Company with effect from September 15, 2014.2. Appointment of Dr. Enakshi Bhattacharya as Additional Director of the Company with effect from September 15, 2014.3. Resignation of Dr. T. S. Vijayaraghavan, Director, with effect from September 08, 2014.4. Resignation of Mr. N. Ramakrishnan, Director, with effect from September 12, 2014.5. Deferral of Advisory Services Agreement with Mr. Ar Rm Arun.Source : BSE

Honda Siel Power Products appoints Alka Marezban Bharucha as additional directorSep 15, 2014, 02.22 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Honda Siel Power Products appoints Alka Marezban Bharucha as additional director
Honda Siel Power Products Ltd has informed BSE that Ms. Alka Marezban Bharucha has been appointed as an additional Director of the Company effective September 15, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Honda Siel Power Products appoints Alka Marezban Bharucha as additional director
Honda Siel Power Products Ltd has informed BSE that Ms. Alka Marezban Bharucha has been appointed as an additional Director of the Company effective September 15, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Honda Siel Power Products Ltd has informed BSE that Ms. Alka Marezban Bharucha has been appointed as an additional Director of the Company effective September 15, 2014.Source : BSE

Sell Hindalco; buy Allahabad Bank  LIC Housing: Sukhani02:30 pm
Sudarshan Sukhani of s2analytics.com told CNBC-TV18, " Hindalco Industries is a selling opportunity and so is Tata Steel. Metals are giving us a message that a large distribution is taking place; that is worrying. However, for today Hindalco is a selling opportunity. Professional traders should take this opportunity to go short. Keep a stoploss, if something goes wrong the stoploss is there. It is a positional trade on the short side."
"To balance the whole short story a lot of stocks are doing well. The public sector undertaking (PSU) banks are doing remarkably well. I have been taking about how they are building bases. Even in today’s market Allahabad Bank  is up. It is just breaking out. So, we should be buying PSU banks," he said.
"NBFCs has been a favourite sector. LIC Housing Finance  is bucking the trend; that is another opportunity. However, I would point out that both the buying opportunities and should not be looked at as a buy today sell tomorrow (BTST) or just a day trade, they are primarily low dip opportunities for the next two months."
 

Crude oil futures plunge to Rs 5 569 per barrelCrude oil futures plunge to Rs 5,569 per barrel
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
Crude oil futures fell 1.82 per cent to Rs 5,569 per barrel today as speculators trimmed their positions amid a weak trend in Asian trade after a sharp slowdown in Chinese industrial production.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, crude oil for delivery in September traded lower by Rs 103 or 1.82 per cent to Rs 5,569 per barrel in 4,546 lots.
Similarly, the oil for October delivery moved down by Rs 97 or 1.72 per cent to Rs 5,556 per barrel in 643 lots.
Trading sentiment eased at the futures trade after crude oil prices fell in Asian trade today after a sharp slowdown in Chinese industrial production raised concerns about slackening demand in the world’s top energy consumer, analysts said.
Meanwhile, West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude for October delivery eased $1.06 to $91.21, while Brent crude for October delivery fell 63 cents to $96.48 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange in mid-morning trade.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

A N Sahay elected as MGMI presidentA N Sahay elected as MGMI president
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 15:  
A N Sahay, Chairman-cum-Managing Director, Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd (MCL), has been elected as the new President of the Mining, Geological and Metallurgical Institute of India (MGMI).
Sahay, a mining engineer and alumnus of IIT Kharagpur, has over 38 years of experience in industry and has held many important positions. He was elected at the MGMI annual general meeting held here on Saturday.
Sahay was Director (Technical) in the CMPDI from November 2007 to February 2011, before joining as CMD of Mahanadi Coalfields.
MGMI was established in 1906 to promote the study of mining methods and mineral occurrences in India.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
What's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Rajan urges Indias banks to target graftSeptember 15, 2014 9:05 am
Rajan attacks banks for ‘outsourcing’ of risk assessment
By James Crabtree in Mumbai
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c7c17e22-3c9f-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Manmohan Singh refuses to comment on ex-CAG Vinod Rai s allegations#manmohan singh #vinod rai #congress #upa #cag
New Delhi: Former prime minister Manmohan Singh refused to comment on ex-Comptroller & Auditor General Vinod Rai's book which questioned his integrity as the PM while major scams like 2G and Coalgate took place during the UPA regime.
"I don't want to comment on what other people say", remarked Singh. They are doing their duty, I am doing my duty, I don't want to comment," he added.
Rai, who was the CAG during the UPA rule came out with a stinging criticism of the former PM saying integrity is not just financial but intellectual and professional too and claimed that Congress leaders had sought to apply pressure on him to keen the PM's name out of audit reports.
Interestingly, the former PM's daughter Daman Singh skirted questions about the ex-CAG's comments.
"Actually, I do not know anything about that. So I cannot comment. I have no idea about that. I have not heard what they have said. I cannot say anything. I really do not know and I have not heard what they have said. So, there is no point in saying anything," she said.
Daman charts the journey of her parents in her book providing new insights into the couple but keeps away from the last 10 years when Singh was heading the UPA government. The function was attended among others by former Deputy Planning Commission chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia and ex-minister Shashi Tharoor.
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Singh and alleged suggested that he was more interested in remaining in power.
Rai, who is writing a book on his days as head of Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG), said his phone was tapped by the then UPA government and he felt Singh was part of the decisions to allocate 2G telecom spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
(With inputs from PTI)

Alibaba knows all investors arent equal as IPO demand growsThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Gold extends losses for 3rd day on subdued demandThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Rs 25k cr Navy tender only for pvt sector: D...Cochin Shipyard Limited
(REPRESENTATIVE IMAGE:…)
NEW DELHI: Seeking to build capabilities of Indian private sector warship builders, the Defence Ministry has rejected the plea of a state-owned shipyard to participate in the Rs 25,000 crore project to construct four amphibious warfare vessels for the Indian Navy.
The Defence Ministry has decided that only private sector shipyards, including Pipavav, ABG and L and T, along with their foreign partners, would be allowed to take part in the Rs 25,000 crore project for building the four Landing Platform Docks, Navy sources told PTI here.
The Navy had issued tenders to these three private shipyards last year and decided to keep out Cochin Shipyard Limited (CSL), saying it was building the 40,000-tonne Indigenous Aircraft Carrier and it should focus on that major project only for the moment.
However, CSL approached former Defence Minister A K Antony through the Ministry of Shipping and the deal was put on hold to consider whether the tender should be retracted or CSL could also be issued the tender and a committee under an Additional Secretary was formed to look into the matter.
The committee report was presented before the last Defence Acquisition Council (DAC) of the UPA government in February but it was decided that it would be kept on hold.
The new government decided to continue the tender in its original form and CSL will now not take part in it, the sources said, adding that the government wants to strengthen the capabilities of the private sector defence industry.
In a similar case, the Defence Ministry had rejected the plea of public sector firms to take part in a Rs 15,000 crore tender to build 56 transport aircraft for the air force and allowed only private players to take part in it.
Soon after taking over, Prime Minister Narendra Modi outlined his vision for the defence sector, saying that Indian industry, including both private and public sector, should build their capabilities for achieving self-reliance and also look towards exporting military hardware to friendly foreign countries.
The Defence Ministry has taken several steps in this direction such as scrapping of the 197 light helicopter tender under which the choppers would now be built by Indian companies only.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Manjhi attacks Sushil Modi on medical scamPrint
PTI | Patna | Posted: September 14, 2014 6:32 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 6:33 pm
Bihar Chief Minister Jitan Ram Manjhi today attacked senior BJP leader and former deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi over his remarks on the medical scam in the state and said he was indulging in it to derive political mileage by implicating senoir leaders of his own party in it.
“Modi is deliberately speaking about medical scam. He knows that other senior leaders of his party like Nand Kihsore Yadav, Chandra Mohan Rai, Ashwini Choubey and others, who could pose a challenge to him, will be implicated in it. He thinks this will make his political career obstacle-free and it will shine brightly,” Manjhi said.
The Chief Minister was talking to media persons on the sidelines of a seminar organised by a civil society organisation on ‘Role of public private partnership mode in education and development in Bihar’.
“(Sushil) Modi thinks if he keeps speaking on the issue (medical scam) then the involvement of his rivals within the party will come to light. The internal politics of BJP is behind whatever Modi is saying,” Manjhi added.
He also used the opportunity to once again defend senior JD(U) leader and former chief minister Nitish Kumar, whom Modi is relentlessly targeting in the Rs 25 crore financial irregularities detected by Accountant General (Audit) so far in the purchase of medicines, medical equipment and infrastructure.
The senior BJP leader has been alleging that the scam happened when Kumar was also holding the charge of the health portfolio.
“There is no question of Nitish Kumar being involved in the scam. There is no hand of him in all this because the scam is not of the period when he was in charge of the Health Department,” added Manjhi.

Wall Street falls  weighed by energy  defensive sharesSep 13, 2014, 09.30 AM IST  | Source: Reuters
Wall Street falls, weighed by energy, defensive shares
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 61.49 points, or 0.36 percent, to 16,987.51, the S&P 500 lost 11.91 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,985.54 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 24.21 points, or 0.53 percent, to 4,567.60.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Wall Street falls, weighed by energy, defensive shares
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 61.49 points, or 0.36 percent, to 16,987.51, the S&P 500 lost 11.91 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,985.54 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 24.21 points, or 0.53 percent, to 4,567.60.
Post your opinion here
 
US stocks fell on Friday weighed by energy shares as crude prices continued to fall, while high-yielding utilities and telecom shares also sold off as Treasury yields jumped.
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 61.49 points, or 0.36 percent, to 16,987.51, the S&P 500 lost 11.91 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,985.54 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 24.21 points, or 0.53 percent, to 4,567.60.
The major Wall Street indexes posted a weekly decline after five straight weeks of gains.
RELATED NEWS

Blackmoney: SIT empowers ED to check huge forex violationsSep 14, 2014, 02.48 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Blackmoney: SIT empowers ED to check huge forex violations
Sources said the SIT found that a number of such instances are being reported and hence it has asked RBI to begin providing the ED dossiers on such defaults as it is the lead agency to check forex contraventions and the hawala route of illegal payments.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Blackmoney: SIT empowers ED to check huge forex violations
Sources said the SIT found that a number of such instances are being reported and hence it has asked RBI to begin providing the ED dossiers on such defaults as it is the lead agency to check forex contraventions and the hawala route of illegal payments.
Post your opinion here
 
Blackmoney: SIT empowers Enforcement Directorate to check huge forex violations
To check large-scale foreign exchange violations and generation of slush funds, a Special Investigation Team (SIT) on black money has asked RBI and Enforcement Directorate (ED) to jointly take on cases of huge exports outstanding.
The SIT, for the first time, has authorised the ED to obtain regular information on export outstanding amount of more than Rs 100 crore, a data till now shared only by the banking regulator with investigative and enforcement agencies like DRI and Customs.
Under the current protocols, every exporter, be it an individual or business firm, has to file an export outstanding (XOS) statement to RBI within nine months after it ships goods or products to a foreign destination which is extendable by another six months.
If a person or business house does not file the XOS it means either that entity has been duped of its income or the case qualifies to be one of forex violations or hawala dealings as the money got has not been recorded for.
Sources said the SIT found that a number of such instances are being reported and hence it has asked RBI to begin providing the ED dossiers on such defaults as it is the lead agency to check forex contraventions and the hawala route of illegal payments.
"To begin with, the ED, twice in an year, will be provided the XOS data by RBI. This is a step initiated to check hawala funds and black money generated thereof," a source privy to the development said.
The ED regulates forex related crimes under the Foreign Exchange Management Act (FEMA).
"In a number of instances it was detected that FEMA violations also lead to cases of money laundering, income tax evasion and under-reporting of customs declarations. The SIT decided on the new protocol to check on these incidents," the source said.
The ED, after receiving information on the defaulters, would issue showcause notices and take up cases under the FEMA.
The sources said the new measure is aimed at streamlining flow of information on black money cases between all the agencies who deal with instances of hawala through exports frauds.
Hawala is a process under which the legal banking channels are skirted to conceal ill-gotten monies.
The SIT on black money has been tasked to suggest ways and procedures to not only curb on instances of illegal generation of wealth but also to prepare robust mechanisms to penalise and adjudicate on such cases which have already occurred.
The first report on steps taken by the SIT in this regard was submitted to the Supreme Court last month.
SIT is headed by Justice (retd) M B Shah with 11 other investigative and enforcement agencies part of this high-level panel.
RELATED NEWS

Coventry Coil has hit a 52wk high of Rs 6.34 on BSEThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Gangotri Textil has hit a 52wk high of Rs 2.10 on NSEThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Archies has hit a 52wk high of Rs 27.65 on NSEThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

To use QIP funds to create war chest for 99Acres: Info EdgeWe still believe there is opportunity in Jeevansathi and we continue to invest in the business as well.
Hitesh Oberoi
CEO & MD
Info Edge
Providers of online classifieds in recruitment, matrimonial, real estate and education  Info Edge has raised Rs 750 crore through the Qualified Institutional Placements or QIP route. It has sold 1.01 crore shares at Rs 740 per share, which is at a 3.5 percent discount to floor price of Rs 766.89 share.
Hitesh Oberoi, CEO and MD, Info Edge, says the company is raising funds to create a war chest for 99Acres, for acquisitions and for investing in existing companies.
Also Read: Eyeing 3-4% growth in FY15: Escorts Agri Machinery
He says the company keeps scouting the market for acquisitions all the time considering real estate – the online space – is such a hot sector. According to him, real estate will be a good sector for the medium term, even if it means clocking losses in the short term.
“The market has only just begun to recover, with continued recovery Naukri will bounce back and see profits too,” Oberoi said about Naukri.com.
He says when investors look at Info Edge, they don’t see past performances but look for future potential in all the businesses it has invested into.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Hitesh Oberoi's interview with Latha Venkatsh & Sonia Shenoy on CNBC-TV18.
Sonia: Can you tell us what will these funds exactly be used for?
A: We are raising these funds to create a war chest for 99 acres, which is our real estate vertical. In addition to this of course, the funds could also be used for acquisitions for our existing ventures like in job space, in the real estate space, in the education space besides we could continue to invest in our investee company as well.
Latha: Have you got some company on your radar, since you are sounding fairly positive on it. Should we hear from you before 2014 is out or before the fiscal year is out?
A: We keep scouting the market for companies to invest and acquire. Last year we acquired two startups in the job space, of course these are very small acquisitions. We keep looking at the market, this is a very hot sector, the internet space in general; there is a lot of entrepreneurial activity. So from time to time we keep meeting companies who could be of interest to us. So we have nothing on the radar right now but we are always scouting.
Sonia: You did mention that most of these funds will go in to 99 acres. What's the prognosis as far as 99 acres business is concerned. In the quarter gone by you made an EBITDA loss of close to Rs 5 crore. How long will it take for you to become profitable in 99 acres?
A: The mandate from the board and from our shareholders is to set up the weapon in the real estate space. Of course the real estate market right now is down and not doing very well, but in general the medium-term outlook for the real estate is that this would be a big sector and lot of good companies will be built in this space. Therefore, we will do whatever it takes to maintain our leadership and to dominate this market and this means investing in few areas going forward. If it means making losses in the short-term, so be it.
Latha: Have you seen a turnaround in revenues and the use even in Naukri?
A: Naukri has actually surprised us in the last one or two quarters. There's been a recovery of some sorts; we had stagnated for a while and we were going at low single digits for about three or four quarters but the last two quarters have been good; we are going in high teens and the markets is now beginning to recover. So, as the market improves further growth in Naukri should pick up even further.
Sonia: So by the time FY15 comes to an end how much do you think the recruitment segment can grow. I am reading out of the report where one brokerage expects the FY15 recruitment segment growth at 16 percent versus 10 percent that you did last year. Do you think that\\'s what you could deliver?
A: What we are seeing right now is sectoral recovery. So it\\'s not as if the market as a whole has started to recover, but certain sector like IT and IT enables services have started doing well. This has been trend for last two or three quarters. In general there is buoyancy, what we hear from the market is that people sort of want to revisit their plans, the hiring plans they have for the year. We also read in papers that sectors like auto have also started to recover. So chances are that things will keep getting better and better from hereon and by year end one is hopeful that Naukri would be growing really well.
Latha: The rally in your stock is breathtaking. Over the past year Rs 350 has become Rs 891, almost threefold. Your last historical earnings are Rs 12. How much you can deliver Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR), profit, any matrix you want to speak about?
A: Naukri is doing really well. It\\'s a healthy business with a higher EBITDA margin and EBITDA margin above 50 percent plus. Naukri has been slow for the last four or five quarters but if Naukri starts to grow at 25-30 percent per annum and this is pretty doable if the economy recovers, then margins in Naukri could improve further and profitability in Naukri could go to the next level. This is of courses one part of the story. Besides Naukri, we have 99 acres; we are investing substantially in 99 acres. This is a big opportunity for the company. Worldwide, what\\'s being seeing till now is real estate sites are much bigger than job world. So the potential to create value in this business remains. Of course we are not dominants like we are in Naukri, we don\\'t have 70 percent traffic share but we are leader this category and there is a huge opportunity. Besides this some of our investee companies Zomato and some of the other companies we have invested in are also showing good reactions. So when investors look at Info Edge they just don't look at our price to earnings (PE) multiple and at our earnings of last year. They look at what is possible going forward given the sort of option value in all the businesses we have invested in.
Latha: Would you also look to sell, you spoke about your smaller properties and there are people hungry for properties in the digital space. Are you open to selling any?
A: No, so far we have not sold anything. People have been talking about Jeevansathi.com for a long time and saying that Info Edge is going to exist Jeevansathi. We still believe there is an opportunity in that space and we continue to invest in the Jeevansathi business as well. As far as our startup investment go, from time to time depending on the business, depending on the capital requirements of that company and depending on the risk profiles of that company we have let other investors in. So in some of the investee companies where we were the sole investors, we have other investors right now but we haven't exist anything which is doing well.
Sonia: Can you just tell us little more about what this Mydala investee company is. I haven't heard of it. And what does it really contribute to in terms of the overall business?
A: Mydala started live as a discounts and deal site. They were sort of Groupon type of model to start with. Somewhere in the middle they mocked into a mobile play as well. So they have tie-ups with some of the operators and they power their deal platforms. So, it's a very small investment right now and it's a small company, but it's showing good signs and doing well.
Info Edge stock price
On September 15, 2014, Info Edge India closed at Rs 883.05, up Rs 9.85, or 1.13 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 976.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 296.50.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 12.65 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 69.81. The latest book value of the company is Rs 69.48 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 12.71.
RELATED NEWS

CPI at 8% in Jan 2015 seems a safe forecast: Moody s08:00 am
August headline CPI came in line at 7.8% led by vegetable inflation, but core CPI declined to 6.9 percent from 7.4 percent, which is a big positive. However, the July IIP slipped to 0.5 percent from 3.4 percent with consumption growth falling and consumer durables contracting 21 percent.
Rating agency Moody’s retains Baa3 with a stable outlook on India. In its note, the agency said that GDP acceleration is sustainable. According to the note, a persistent high inflation is weighing on country’s economy and food inflation has been weighing on overall inflation.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Atsi Sheth, Senior Vice President at Moody’s, said that IIP and CPI numbers are almost in line with the trend due to base effect and CPI at 8 percent in January 2015 seems to be a safe forecast.
“The one thing that is helping the CPI inflation forecast is that the monsoon did come back a little bit towards the end of the season and that might bode well for food prices,” she said.
On a probability of re-rating, Sheth said on the scale of relative matrix vis-a-vis other countries, the balance of risk remains.
According to her, there are three things that are constrained on India’s ratings -- current fiscal position, inflation and weak infrastructure.
Moody’s said that under the current scenario, the market consensus is that the Reserve Bank will have a prolonged hold on rates. Sheth doesn’t expect WPI numbers to influence monetary policy.
Below is the transcript of Atsi Sheth’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Latha: What are your thoughts on both index of industrial production (IIP) and consumer price index (CPI) numbers?
A: They were not that far off from the trend we have seen so far. On industrial output there was a higher base effect to contend with so we should have expected some deceleration on year-on-year basis. On the CPI, the headline number didn’t move much but core CPI that is non-food, non-fuel inflation certainly seem to be trending lower. So I think from that perspective the expectation that IIP will remain in recovery as the year progresses and that inflation might trend down slightly, I think that expectation was supported by these numbers. 
Sonia: What would your target be for the core CPI number say for the next three-six months as well as for the overall inflation number? Do you expect it to fall much below this 7.8 percent level?
A: I think there will be a time again when base effects will come into play. As you know last autumn CPI had creeped up so that might help the headline number. Our sense is that the 8 percent mark for headline CPI by Q1 of next year inflation will come out somewhere around that, may be little bit above or below but 8 percent seems like a very safe forecast to make at this point. We had assumed that that would come with the core, the non-food, non-fuel, dropping a little bit below 7 percent and that seems to be what is happening and we are sticking with that forecast for now. 
One thing that is helping the CPI inflation forecast is the fact that the monsoon did come back a little bit towards the end of this season and that might bode well for food prices. So we might see that helping the headline number as well, as we move into the first quarter of next year.
Latha: Is India in for a rating upgrade?
A: You asked me this question on the flip side about a year ago and our answer remains similar which is that you have to look at the rating on a relative basis so it is not just India’s performance vis-à-vis itself over the last year but vis-à-vis other countries that we rate and that is over 120 of them that we rate.
In that sense if you look at where relative matrix in India stand, growth has even when it was slower, was higher than its similarly rated peers that remain the case. Infact we think the gap will widen a little bit. 
Inflation and fiscal matrix even with the improvement that we are forecasting, they remain weaker than similarly rated peers. So I think the balance of risk hasn’t changed and the rating is really a comment on credit risk, not just on growth or one or the other macro economic indicators. We think the balance of risk remains about where the BAA three level says they are and that is why we maintain a stable outlook. 
Latha: What would make a rating agency upgrade India?
A: I can only speak for Moody’s. There are three things that are constraints on India’s rating at this point. The three things are well-known, one is the fiscal position, the government debt to GDP is higher than peers, the fiscal deficit is much higher than peers. 
The second is inflation again higher and this constrains competitiveness over the long run so that is why it is a constraint on the rating. 
Third is India’s infrastructure. This is so much weaker than comparable countries and you saw the global competiveness report that came out a couple of weeks ago. This again reinforces that point. 
Our sense is that if there is a movement in these three factors and this movement is likely to come together if you address infrastructure constraints, you remove supply side constraints on inflation, you improve growth prospects that helps your fiscal. So we think that there is a chance that all three matrix could improve if policy action and global conditions are both cooperative and if that happens indeed I think India’s outlook would improve because these constraints would be removed, growth potential will go higher, all the constraints would then seem less weak than they are right now.
RELATED NEWS

Who takes the creditTweet
September 15, 2014:  
Macro-economic data that have been trickling in since the formation of the new NDA Government suggest a tentative economic recovery. Though needing further corroboration, the early signs are most welcome. The Central Statistics Office, which announced the national income statistics towards the end of August, estimated economic growth during the first quarter of 2014-15 at a higher-than-expected 5.7 per cent over last year.
The NDA government took office only on May 26.
Quick off the mark, UPA’s Finance Minister P. Chidambaram claimed credit for the big rise in gross domestic product (GDP) figures during the April-June quarter. After all, he claimed, his government was in office during a large part of the first quarter. In further support of his statement, he cited some growth-inducing measures announced by the UPA government in its last days.
However, the counter-argument is that the Election Commission had already fixed the dates for the elections and with the coming into force of the pre-election model code in April, the UPA Government was in no position to launch growth-inducing programmes on any major scale. The implication is that whatever policy measures that the UPA Government undertook in April-May passed muster with the Election Commission’s diktat and therefore could not have been substantial.
On its part, the new Government claimed credit for the vastly improved sentiment which, according to it, was a direct consequence of how positively economic agents started viewing Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s rule. Favourable first quarter GDP growth data will further reinforce the positive sentiment.
The whole debate of who should take credit for the apparent recovery leads nowhere.
Far more important is to analyse the latest growth data to see whether it can be sustained and improved further. One also needs to have a proper perspective on the growth figures. Has the economy ‘bottomed out’ suggesting an imminent recovery?
There are no easy answers. The first quarter performance, a 5.7 per cent increase, gets an added sheen only when compared with the lacklustre performance of the economy in the recent past. The economy was stuck in sub-5 per cent growth over the past two years. That makes it the longest spell of below 5 per cent growth in 25 years. During 2014-15, the growth rate was at a measly 4.7 per cent. So persistent has been the below par growth that breaking-out into the 5 per cent plus league seemed as elusive as it was desired by political leaders.
It is yet too early to suggest that a sustained revival is under way, taking the annual growth rates to above 6 per cent and rising. Available forecast rates for the current fiscal are hardly ambitious. The RBI’s estimate is 5.5 per cent. Most professional forecasters are not betting on substantially more even after the release of the first quarter data.
The major reason is inflation. High inflation levels have squeezed consumers, an important point considering that private spending accounts for roughly 60 per cent of the economy. High inflation levels have ruled out a rate cut by the RBI. Persistently high food prices tend to harden inflation expectations. The RBI expects Consumer Price Index-based (CPI) inflation to come down to within its target range of 8 per cent by March 2015 but moving to the next target, 6 per cent by March 2016, might prove to be more difficult.
Besides, it is not as though all economic news is favourable. For instance, industrial recovery is by no means sustained going by latest (July) figures. However, CPI inflation for August shows moderation. Taking credit or apportioning blame is a puerile exercise.
A break-up of the economic activities in the CSO’s quarterly data gives a mixed picture. The turnaround in mining and quarrying (2.1 per cent over last year) and manufacturing (3.5 per cent) augur well for future growth. Last year, they were in the negative territory. Another sub-sector, electricity, gas and water supply, was up by an impressive 10.2 per cent and as with mining seem to have benefited from speedier policy and environmental clearances for agriculture, whose importance extends far above its share in the GDP, the lacklustre performance of the monsoons will prove a dampener.
As it is the first quarter, the rate of growth of the farm sector has come down marginally to 3.8 per cent from 4 per cent in the previous year.
So while nothing conclusive can be inferred from an analysis of activities in the CSO’s first quarter data, there are clearly signs of renewed optimism. There are very large expectations from the NDA Government to improve governance and carry out structural reforms to push the economy to a higher plane.
(This article first appeared in The Hindu dated September 15, 2014)
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Buy Vivimed Labs  Pennar Ind; short JP Asso: Pankaj JainLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Vivimed Labs, Pennar Ind; short JP Asso: Pankaj Jain
Pankaj Jain of Sunteck Wealthmax recommends selling Indiabulls Real Estate and Jaiprakash Associates.
Post your opinion here
Bull's Eye
In CNBC-TV18's popular show Bull's Eye, Pankaj Jain of Sunteck Wealthmax shares his trading strategies for the day.
One can go long in Vivimed Labs . The stock has been moving with smart volumes for last five-seven trading days. The kind of volume breakout that has been seen in the stock in last couple of days, we believe that inspite of a day of correction it could be an outperforming
stock.
One can go long in Pennar Industries . The kind of volumes that have been seen in the stock in last three-four days and the kind of products the company is manufacturing and a good stronger midcaps stories been latched on the market, we believe this stock has the
potential to move another 20-25 percent in the coming weeks.
One can short Indiabulls Real Estate . It has been trading below all relevant moving averages and we believe that today being a day of correction this weakish kind of stock could face the hit. Taking poor technical and poor performance by this real estate stocks, we believe
that IB Real Estate could be a strong candidate to go short for the day.
One can short Jaiprakash Associates . In this year of lifetime highs this stock is trading at 2014 lows and with it having been downgraded after stake sale or share sale by the management in open market and taking weakish kind of performance by the market today as background, we believe that this stock could be ideal candidate to go short for the day.
RELATED NEWS

Global vendors give a miss to defence mins $3.5-bn aircraft project; deadline extendedApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Reassure investors to attract funds in coal sector: Naveen JindalApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Google Earth Engine to help predict malaria on mapsApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Male contraceptive injection may be available by 2017Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Amit Shah targets UPA regimeApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Madrassas give  education of terrorism : BJP MPApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Now  wave your hand to control your phoneApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

MNS averse to alliance  to contest Assembly polls soloApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Mamata Banerjee benefited the most from Saradha scam: BJPApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Eye on polls  Aam Aadmi Party creates a youth wingApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Fortis Healthcare gains on overseas unit saleApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Apple Watch: Let developers find the killer appApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Inflation and IIP data show economic recovery still  uneven : Raghuram RajanApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Google Inc launches Android One powered smartphones in India  prices them around Rs 6 399Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Jet Airways pilots bash media  launch own technical cell for analysisApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Agencies beefing up digital wing ops to meet growing online ad demandApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Effective use of Big Data & analytics key to faster biz growthApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Intex IT-5000 SUF GLO review: A bit too colourful  but the music is rightApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

How humans regenerate ribs decodedApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Gamers use police hoax to lash out at opponentsApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Need to lower inflation before cutting rates  says Raghuram RajanApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Google launches Android One smartphones in India  prices them around Rs 6 399Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Is comfortable seating in budget airlines possibleApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Public sector stake sales open up more investment avenuesApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

After Shiv Sena warning on  lust  for seats  BJP talks of  impotencyApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Inflation eases to nearly 5-yr low of 3.74 pct in AugustApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Intex IT-5000 SUF GLO review: Bit colourful  but the music is rightApple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus log in record 4 million pre-orders on Day 1
Bumper first-day pre-orders for iPhone 6 point to first-weekend sales of up to 10 million units.

Prism Informatics allots 2 640 000 sharesPrism Informatics allots 2 640 000 shares
Discussion over seats going on  want alliance to remain: Uddhav ThackerayDiscussion over seats going on  want alliance to remain: Uddhav Thackeray
BRU Gold coffee launches new marketing campaign with Sidharth Malhotra and Anushka SharmaBRU Gold coffee launches new marketing campaign with Sidharth Malhotra and Anushka Sharma
Rupee hits one-month lowRupee hits one-month low
GLOBAL MARKETS-China anxiety knocks shares  oilGLOBAL MARKETS-China anxiety knocks shares  oil
China Ready To Meet  Half WayChina Ready To Meet  Half Way
Gazprom: price sensitive© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/15d9a1d0-39a2-11e4-93da-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Myer: Are roo being served© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/96ed0e26-3a68-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India to have 4 more strategic oil reserves: GovtIndia to have 4 more strategic oil reserves: Petroleum minister
PTI     Bhubaneswar   Last Updated: September 13, 2014  | 15:43 IST
The Centre has chalked out plans to set up at least four more strategic oil reserves in the country in a bid to store adequate stock for meeting 90-100 day requirements during any crisis.
"It is planned to reserve crude oil for 90-100 days to meet the requirement during emergency situations and crisis. The present storage capacity is 70-75 days and the four proposed projects will raise it further," Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan told reporters in Bhubaneswar.
At present, there are three strategic reserves - one in Andhra Pradesh and two in Karnataka - while four more such facilities were proposed to be set up at Bikaner in Rajasthan, Rajkot in Gujarat, Padur in Karnataka and Chandikhole in Jajpur district of Odisha, the minister said.
The new reserves would have a combined capacity of around 12.5 million metric tonnes, the oil minister said, adding that the largest petro reserve was proposed to be set up in Chandikhole, Odisha with an investment of Rs 3,800 crore.
The strategic oil reserves would enable the country to meet the requirement during any crisis as India depends heavily on crude imports, he said.
Mr Pradhan, who met Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik during the day, said he has asked Odisha government to provide 400 acres of land to set up the country's largest strategic reserve for storing 3.7 million metric tonne (MMT) crude oil at Chandikhol.
The project envisages storing eight days' requirement of crude oil in the country.
Union Petroleum Ministry has already set up a special purpose vehicle (SPV) named Indian Strategic Petroleum Reserves Ltd for setting up such reserves across the country.

Over Rs 5 000 Crore Loss to J&K Economy Due to Floods: AssochamExperts Support RBI's Decision to Keep Rates Steady
New Delhi: Devastating floods in Jammu and Kashmir have caused an immediate loss of Rs 5,400-5,700 crore to the state's economy, with heavy damages to trade, hotels, restaurants, horticulture and handicraft, according to initial estimates by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry.
Jammu & Kashmir has been hit by the worst floods in over a century, throwing basic infrastructure like power, railways and communication in the state completely out of gear.
The initial estimated loss to hotels, trade, agriculture-horticulture, roads and bridges in the Jammu and Kashmir regions itself is Rs 2,630 crore. Besides, high-cost infrastructure like Railways, power and communication in the hilly terrains would have suffered a loss of about Rs 2,700-3,000 crore, the industry body said.
"These are only initial estimates of the loss. The real loss to the Jammu and Kashmir economy will be much higher since the impact of such calamities is long-drawn and it takes long time before the physical infrastructure is restored.
"The biggest worry is the shattering of confidence among the tourists and it will take long time and effort to win back the tourists to the state," Assocham Secretary General D S Rawat said.
Mr Rawat cited the example of Uttarakhand, which also witnessed unprecedented floods last year, saying it was yet to recover from the shocks.
"J&K's economy stood at Rs 45,399 crore in 2013-14. The sectoral composition of state GDP indicates that agri & allied activities account for 20 per cent in the state GDP, industry and mining contribute to about 23.5 per cent and the services sector made up the remaining 56.5 per cent."
"Trade, hotels and restaurant services registered a turnover of close to Rs 3,800 crore during 2013-2014. The tourism industry sources of J&K state roughly distribute the tourists among Jammu, Kashmir and Ladakh region in the ratio of 40:40:20," Assocham said.
"The September-November season tourist inflow both from India and abroad is severely affected as is being witnessed by large scale cancellations. While cancellations for airlines, hotels are 100 per cent upto October 15, those who had booked for winters are watching the situation," feedback from the industry chamber's travel constituents indicated.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 15:05 (IST)

Skin Shocks Used at Mass. School Draw FDA LookIf you haven't seen the trailers for "Gone Girl," you probably don't know what anyone is talking about these days....
20th Century Fox

Mass. School at Center of Treatment ControversyIf you haven't seen the trailers for "Gone Girl," you probably don't know what anyone is talking about these days....
20th Century Fox

Equity mutual funds ride the bull wave  beat benchmarksEquity mutual funds ride the bull wave, beat benchmarks
Venkatasubramanian K
Mid-cap funds top the list, with returns averaging 92.9%
BL Research Bureau:  
Frustrated that the stocks in your portfolio aren’t moving at all while the Nifty hits new highs in the market surge? You would not have had this experience had you invested your money in mutual funds.
Making a big dramatic comeback, diversified equity mutual funds have performed extremely well over the last year. Indeed, more than three-fourths of all equity funds, across categories, beat the Nifty, Sensex and other benchmarks.
Large-cap funds, which invest predominantly in bluechip stocks, were by far the best of the lot, with 84 per cent of them outperforming their benchmark, the Nifty.
In the multi-cap and mid-cap spaces, 75 and 78 per cent of the funds outperformed their benchmarks, the CNX 500 and CNX Mid-cap index, respectively.
Mid-caps rule
With mid-cap stocks leading the rally in the past one year, mid-cap oriented funds delivered the best return, averaging 92.9 per cent, leaving the CNX mid-cap behind by 20 percentage points.
Multi-cap funds, which invest in a blend of large, as well as mid-cap stocks, averaged 62.5 per cent. Play-it-safe large-cap funds delivered a healthy 55.1 per cent.
So, mutual fund investors who had picked the top schemes will be sitting pretty as these schemes outperformed the benchmarks by 10-20 percentage points . The top schemes in each of the three categories have delivered twice the returns from their benchmarks.
No surprises
So, what helped the best equity funds shoot to the top? The higher the proportion of mid-cap stocks in the portfolio, the better the return picture for a scheme. Funds that bet early on in sectors such as auto, capital goods, oil and gas, as well as contrarian ones such as chemicals and power, made the most of the rally. Increased exposure to beaten down PSU stocks has given a huge leg-up to some funds after the elections.
It also helped that this time around the markets didn’t make large single-day gains after the elections results were out, as in May 2009. Last time around, fund managers had built up significant cash positions, worrying about an adverse result. But this time, funds mostly remained invested.
What’s more, the market’s post-election movement has been steady. This helped fund managers shuffle their portfolios to ride the uptrend.
In 2009, on two successive days, the Sensex and the Nifty touched the upper circuit, leaving many funds stranded as they were under-invested or had put money in the wrong sectors.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
Related

Barring a few intermittent spikes  rupee to trade in 60-62 rangeShilpa Kumar |  Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:48 AM IST
Rupee outlook: Barring a few intermittent spikes, rupee to trade in 60-62 range
The rupee has witnessed remarkable stability over recent months and its volatility is at multi-year lows. This is in sharp contrast to last year, when the dollar's strength amid the US Federal Reserve's quantitative easing tapering expectation led to sharp depreciation of the currencies of emerging markets, including the rupee. Currently, in spite of the dollar index strengthening from 80 to 84 since early July, the rupee has remained stable in the range of 59-61.
The improved outlook has come against the backdrop of three principal factors - bottoming out of the business cycle, continued improvement in the external sector outlook and the Reserve Bank of India's intervention policies.
On the domestic front, economic activity is showing signs of improvement, as evidenced by the sharp pick-up in gross domestic product in the first quarter of the current financial year. We expect this recovery to gain traction in the latter part of the year.
Second, on the external sector front, the outlook remains positive. The monthly trade data is tracking our current account deficit (CAD) expectation of $42 billion for the year and the recent fall in crude oil prices also bodes well for the economy. If crude prices were to remain at current levels, the CAD could be even lower, further aiding the rupee. Lower crude prices also help ease inflationary pressures, besides contributing to lowering of the fiscal deficit target, on account of lower fuel subsidies.
The optimism surrounding India is further reflected in the strong capital flows. India has so far received portfolio flows of $22 billion this financial year, of which $12 bn is in the debt segment and $10 bn in equity. Inflows in the equity segment are the result of a positive outlook surrounding the economy's growth prospects. Debt-related inflows reflect the positive carry vis-à-vis interest rates in the developed world and the reduced need to hedge currency risk, with stability in the rupee.
Third, RBI's efforts to garner foreign exchange reserves through active forex intervention has helped improve the import cover ratio to around eight months, besides ensuring the rupee trades at a level that is encouraging for exports.
On balance, stable macro fundamentals and policy support will provide underlying support to the currency. Having said that, some imminent global events have to be accounted for as well, to determine the rupee's short-term trajectory.
In the near term, the Scottish independence referendum, scheduled for Thursday, will be a key event to watch. The US Fed's policy meeting this week will be another. Both these are likely to cause volatility in the international financial markets, affecting the rupee.
The Fed's tightening bias over the medium term remains a key risk for financial markets, as this might result in a slowdown in capital inflows in emerging markets. However, we believe the rupee is relatively well prepared to weather this, as compared to last year. Its stability also reflects the fact that external financing needs have reduced and India's reliance on portfolio flows to finance the CAD has diminished considerably.
We believe the rupee is likely to trade in the range of 60-62 in the short to medium term. Though news flow from across the globe is likely to weigh on the domestic currency, resulting in intermittent spikes beyond the range, these are likely to be short-lived and the currency should revert toward the range in the medium term.
The author is senior general manager and head, global markets group, ICICI Bank
Top Stories

SABMiller rebuffed by HeinekenLast updated: September 14, 2014 11:19 pm
SABMiller rebuffed by Heineken
By Arash Massoudi in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b70e6ec6-3c3d-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

SABMiller to sell $1.1bn hotel stakeLast updated: July 7, 2014 1:10 pm
SABMiller to sell out of African hotel and casino group Tsogo Sun
By Andreas Paleit and Nick Wilson
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/de323086-059d-11e4-9baa-00144feab7de.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

RBI Chief Says Need to Lower Inflation Before Cutting RatesYou are here: Home Economy
RBI Chief Says Need to Lower Inflation Before Cutting Rates
Reuters | Updated On: September 15, 2014 11:38 (IST)
Experts Support RBI's Decision to Keep Rates Steady
Mumbai:
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Dr Raghuram Rajan said on Monday inflation in Asia's third-largest economy was still high and there was no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation pick up again.
The RBI wants to bring down interest rates when it is "feasible", Dr Rajan told a banking conference.
Retail inflation, which the central bank tracks for setting lending rates, edged down marginally to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent a month earlier, helped by slower annual rises in prices of fuel and clothes.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

SFIO completes Saradha scam probe  says 14 firms were running  ponzi schemesNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

Sensex under pressure  Nifty below 8 050; to...You are here: Home > Collections
Sensex under pressure, Nifty below 8,050; top ten stocks in focus
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 11.44AM IST
Tags:
BSE
(50-share Nifty index also…)
NEW DELHI: The S&P BSE Sensex slipped as much as 248 points in trade on Monday following muted trend seen in other Asian markets. The fall in the index was led by losses in RIL, L&T, ICICI Bank, SBI and ITC.
Tracking the momentum, the 50-share Nifty index also slipped below its crucial psychological level of 8050, weighed down by losses in banks, capital goods, IT, metal and oil & gas stocks.
At 10:00 a.m.; the 30-share index was at 26,843, down 217 points or 0.80 per cent. It touched a high of 26,998.07 and a low of 26,813.03 in trade today.
The Nifty was at 8,040 down 64 points or 0.80 per cent. It touched an intraday high of 8,077.30 and a low of 8030.00.
Technically, Nifty has continued to show pattern of range bound movement. Improving performance of smallcap and midcap stocks as well as stable market breadth indicates that Nifty may test higher levels of 8140-8150 in coming days, LKP said in a report.
"However, 8200 is likely to act as resistance zone where as 8000 continues to remain strong support for the index," added the report.
Here is a list of ten stocks which are in focus today:
Tata Motors Ltd: Tata Motors signed Bonus and Permanency Agreement with Telco Workers Union here.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.06 per cent lower at Rs 511.
Tata Steel Ltd: Tata Steel is setting up a 55,000 tonne per annum (TPA) ferro chrome plant at Gopalpur in Ganjam district of Odisha and its first unit is expected to start operations by March 2015.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 2.09 per cent lower at Rs 506.40.
Hero MotoCorp Ltd: Hero MotoCorp is upbeat as the festival season begins, as the world's number one two-wheeler maker by volume expects the typically strong period to be even better this year, as consumer sentiment improves with a turnaround in the economy.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.03 per cent lower at Rs 2755.
Reliance Industries Ltd: Ahead of the launch of its mobile phone services, Reliance Industries has increased its stake in Reliance Jio to almost 99 per cent.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.9 per cent lower at Rs 1006.
ICICI Bank Ltd: The private sector bank has raised $ 500 million (about Rs 3,000 crore) from overseas markets by selling its bonds to fund foreign expansion plans.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 0.97 per cent lower at Rs 1549.
LIC Housing Finance Ltd: The housing finance company has set a target of generating total business of Rs 33,000 crore in the current financial year, up by 22 per cent over the same period last year, a top official said today.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.3 per cent lower at Rs 313.60.
JSW Steel Ltd: Sajjan Jindal-owned JSW Steel is in the final stages of negotiations to buy 'part' of bankrupt Italian steelmaker Lucchini. Lucchini is also reported to have received a binding offer from JSW Steel for its core assets in Piombino and is considering the offer.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 1.2 per cent lower at Rs 1330.
Pfizer & Ranbay Ltd: Pfizer Inc and Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd on Friday won dismissal of an antitrust lawsuit accusing them of conspiring to delay sales of generic versions of the cholesterol drug Lipitor, the best-selling drug in history.
At 10:00 a.m.; Pfizer was trading 2.8 per cent higher at Rs 1598 and Ranbaxy was up 1.2 per cent higher at Rs 617.25.
Fortis Healthcare Ltd: Fortis Healthcare Ltd has sold its Singapore-based diagnostics business RadLink-Asia Pte Ltd for Singapore $137 million, or Rs.660 crore at current exchange rates. This follows its decision to focus on India, leading to a string of stake sales in overseas investments, said media reports.
At 10:00 a.m.; the stock was trading 8.8 per cent higher at Rs 132.55.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Snowman Logistics up 5%  locked in upper circuitYou are here: Home > Collections
Snowman Logistics hits upper circuit of 5% as Reliance Mutual Fund buys shares
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 11.16AM IST
Tags:
investments
(With players like Damani entering…)
MUMBAI: Shares of newly listed Snowman Logistics were locked at 5 per cent upper circuit in trade after mutual funds and a big player bought shares in bulk deals on listing day.
According to data available on the NSE, Reliance Mutual Fund tax saver (ELSS) fund bought 16,00,000 shares at Rs 79.80 per share and Reliance Mutual Fund bought 20,00,000 shares at Rs 79.04 per share.
Ace investor Radhakishen Damani's fund Derive Investments also bought 23,70,023 shares at Rs 79.67 a piece.
With players like Damani entering the company, sends out bullish view in the market. The stock is likely to see more upmove in the coming sessions, say analysts.
The stock has surged 75 per cent in just two sessions as it moved to Rs 82.65 from issue price of Rs 47.
At 10:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 82.65, up 5 per cent, on the BSE. There were 19.05 lakh pending buy orders and no sellers in the stock.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex Down 200 Points Despite Sharp Fall in WPI InflationYou are here: Home Market
Sensex, Nifty Fall Sharply; IIP, Inflation Data Weigh
NDTV | Updated On: September 15, 2014 12:00 (IST)
Investors Batten Down Hatches for Volatile End to 2014
BSE Sensex and Nifty were sharply lower today after disappointing industrial output data and less-than-expected fall in inflation dented the Street's sentiment.
Sensex was down 232 points to 26,828 while Nifty fell 71 points to 8,033. The selling pressure was broadbased barring some defensive buying in pharma stocks. Among major Nifty losers, Hindalco, DLF, GAIL India, Tata Steel and Ambuja Cements were down over 2 per cent.
The selling pressure in broader markets however was lower than that in frontline stocks. The BSE smallcap index fell 0.3 per cent while the midcap index slipped 0.5 per cent.
Market analyst Sanjeev Bhasin said Nifty stocks are showing signs of exhaustion, with weakness in emerging market currency, slump in industrial output growth weighing on the sentiment.
He sees Nifty consolidating in the 8000-8200 range.
India's industrial output growth hit a four-month low in July when it grew at much slower-than-expected 0.5 percent year-on-year. Retail inflation, which the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) tracks for setting lending rates, edged down marginally to 7.8 percent in August from 7.96 percent a month earlier. These numbers were released after market hours on Friday.
Investors also remained cautious ahead of the Federal Reserve meet later this week. Besides that weak Asian markets also weighed on the sentiment. Recent string of strong US economic data added to concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected.
Any decision by the US Federal Reserve to raise rates, which have been held near zero since December 2008, will have implications for India, as it could lead to capital outflows, weakening the rupee and inflating costs of imported commodities. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 11:59 (IST)

Metal shares decline on weak China dataSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:46 PM IST
Metal shares decline on weak China data
Shares of metal companies are trading lower up to 4% on weak Chinese economic data
Shares of metal companies are trading lower up to 4% on weak Chinese economic data. China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August raising fears the world's second-largest economy may be at risk of a sharp slowdown.
 
Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, Jindal Steel, Hindalco and Coal India are down 1-4% on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
 
At 12.35 PM, CNX Metal index is down about 1.4% or 46 points at 3,113 compared to 0.7% or 60 points decline in benchmark CNX Nifty at 8,045 mark.
 
Industrial output rose 6.9% in August from a year earlier - the lowest since 2008 when the economy was buffeted by the global financial crisis - compared with expectations for 8.8% and slowing sharply from 9.0% in July.
 
A weaker-than-expected manufacturing data from China added to the concern that the world's largest consumer of steel, copper and aluminum will miss its economic growth target.
Top Stories

WPI inflation: The case of the missing tomatoesEx-Googler Nikesh Arora leads Softbank invasion of Hollywood
Graphic: Naveen Kumar Saini/Mint
Wholesale price inflation for July came in at 5.19%, with vegetable prices falling 1.3% from a year ago. What’s interesting, however, is that tomato prices have not been considered while computing the Wholesale Price Index (WPI) from April, which is rather convenient, because everybody knows tomato prices have shot up recently. That’s not all. Prices of green peas and cauliflower too have not been considered. The chart gives the details.
It’s quite possible that vegetable price inflation for July has been underestimated. This is all the more probable because vegetable prices have gone up by 16.88% at the retail level last month.

Thai Union scoops up Norways King OscarSeptember 15, 2014 8:59 am
Thai Union scoops up Norway’s King Oscar
Michael Peel in Singapore
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d9f8aade-3ca4-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Few course are corrections needed to boost manufacturingWe need few course corrections to boost manufacturing: Devendra Surana, MD of  Bhagyanagar India
Devendra Surana        Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 15:25 IST
Devendra Surana, managing director of Bhagyanagar India.
I am very passionate about manufacturing. I come from IIM Bangalore, which is one of the most prestigious institutions in India. I am one from a batch of 140 students.
More than 100 of these are engineers, most of them from IITs. In the 25th year reunion of our batch recently, I started asking around as to what most of them were doing.
To my surprise, in the batch of 140 students, only five were from the manufacturing sector. Of those five, three including me happened to be in manufacturing because they have inherited a manufacturing enterprise.
It is a shameful misuse of talent available in the country. It led me to look at what ails our manufacturing.
For many years, the manufacturing sector was highly taxed. In fact, 20 per cent of the economy used to pay up to 80 per cent of the taxes. The manufacturing sector is easy to tax as there are some underlying goods.Further, factories are a concentrated source of tax.
Even today manufacturing (16 per cent of GDP ) pays more excise duty than services (60 per cent of GDP) pays service taxes. In addition, manufactured goods suffer taxes such as sales tax, octroi, entry tax, etc. Any sector which is taxed will not attract any resources including human resources.
Unfortunately, the story does not end here. In addition to the high taxation there is a huge burden put on manufacturing for all sorts of subsidies which the government wants to give. The prime example is electricity.
Electricity is the most important utility for manufacturing. There is 60 per cent additional charge put on industry so that farmers can get free power for agriculture.
Industry is definitely not against any form of subsidy, which is required in a developing economy. However, the burden of this subsidy should not fall on industry.
Electricity for manufacturing is like blood to a human body. Manufacturing cannot survive without reliable, good quality, reasonably priced electricity. We have a situation where consumers cannot get electricity at Rs 6 per unit and producers cannot sell electricity at Rs 3 a unit.
If we look at freight, it is more expensive to send material from Hyderabad to Delhi than sending it from Shanghai to New York. Once again, one of the major factors in this sector is cross-subsidy.
The railways want to subsidise passenger freight by more than 50 per cent. Unfortunately, the entire burden falls on freight traffic, which negatively impacts the industrial sector.
If we look at other sectors like water, land or even interest rates, just in order to fulfill some other objectives of the government we find that the industries are being unfairly treated. Unless all these anomalies are removed we cannot compete in the local market, leave alone go and conquer the global market.
Unfortunately, in the face of such heavy taxation, the only solution the government thinks is to give subsidy to industry.
Today, if any subsidy is to be collected from the government, an entrepreneur has to spend a lot of time and energy and expense to collect the money. A case in point is the incentives of the Andhra Pradesh government.
Most incentives are overdue for three to four years. Instead of giving any incentives or subsidies it is far better to reduce taxation in one of the sectors mentioned above.
 
In February, at the time of bifurcation, a special package was announced for Andhra Pradesh. Unfortunately, there are a lot of rumors as what exactly this package will entail.
The Andhra Pradesh government believes that it will get an excise duty waiver for all new units set up in the state. An excise duty benefit will make any new unit set up elsewhere uncompetitive.
Hence, all investors are awaiting clarification before making an investment decision and all investment decisions are frozen. If any single unit decides to delay an investment it does not impact the economy. However, today a whole host of industries are in a wait-and-watch mode and this can have a very negative impact on overall growth.
 
The Union government needs to immediately get this uncertainty out of the way so that people can decide to put up their investments either in Andhra Pradesh or elsewhere depending on the viability of the package. This is most important to unleash fresh investments in the economy.
I am an eternal optimist and I see great days ahead for manufacturing. The essential ingredients are all there, probably at the best combination in the last 70 years. Today, we have the potential for a huge demand simply because our base is very low. If we take any manufactured product, our production and consumption is one-eighth that of China.
If we assume that we will reach where China is today in 20 years we require a compound growth rate of 11 per cent per annum. Secondly, we have the human resources to fulfill this requirement.
The availability of skilled manpower at a relatively low cost is a competitive benefit which will last for at least two decades, long enough to fulfill our manufacturing potential. We can fulfill our prime minister's dream of Made in India a reality if we can do a few minor course corrections.
(Devendra Surana is Managing Director of Bhagyanagar India, a Rs 250 crore company that makes telephone cables and copper products. He is a member of the FICCI national executive committee and a former president of the Andhra Pradesh Chambers of Commerce and Industries.)
The author's twitter handle is @deven1965

Google launches 3 Android One smartphones in India; devices to ship todayNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

Ford launches refreshed Figo ahead of festival season  prices start at Rs 3.87 lakhNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

India-Vietnam ink 7 pacts  to expand oil exp...You are here: Home > Collections > Mou
India, Vietnam ink 7 pacts; call for 'freedom' of navigation
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 01.59PM IST
Tags:
Bank of India
(The agreements were signed…)
HANOI: India and Vietnam today inked seven pacts, including one to enhance cooperation in the strategic oil sector, as they called for "freedom" of navigation in the South China Sea, a remark which could irk China which has been claiming territorial sovereignty over the high seas.
The agreements were signed during the second day of the four-day state visit of President Pranab Mukherjee who held talks with his Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang here.
Both the countries decided to "strengthen and deepen bilateral cooperation on the basis of the strategic partnership with focus on political, defence and security cooperation, economic cooperation, science and technology, culture and people-to-people links, technical cooperation and multilateral and regional cooperation."
In a subtle message to China, the two countries, who established strategic ties in 2007, asserted that the freedom of navigation in the disputed waters of the South China Sea should not be "impeded" and called all the parties "concerned" to exercise restraint in this context.
"The leaders reiterated their desire and determination to work together to maintain peace, stability, growth and prosperity in Asia. They agreed that freedom of navigation in the East Sea/South China Sea should not be impeded and called the parties concerned to exercise restraint, avoid threat or use of force and resolve disputes through peaceful means in accordance with universally recognised principles of international law, including the UNCLOS-1982," said a joint communique issued after the meeting.
China has been exerting its influence in these waters which is not taken well by Vietnam and other bordering countries like the Philippines.
The two sides urged for "collective commitment of the concerned parties to abide by and implement the 2002 Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea and to work towards the adoption of a Code of Conduct in the South China Sea on the basis of consensus.
"They called for cooperation in ensuring security of sea-lanes, maritime security, combating piracy and conducting search and rescue operations," it said.
"Both the nations also agreed to continue closer interaction under the institutional architecture of the strategic partnership, particularly the Joint Commission meeting, the Foreign Office consultations and strategic dialogue, security dialogue and other dialogue mechanisms between the two countries," the communique said.
After the delegation-level talks, both the leaders oversaw the signing of pacts on seven different subjects in the presence of dignitaries and senior government officials.
Apart from a Letter of Intent (LoI) signed between the ONGC Videsh Limited (OVL) and Vietnam Oil, the other pacts include extending a dollar credit line between Vietnam and EXIM Bank of India, agreement on co-operation and mutual assistance in customs matters, MoU on animal health, MoU on setting up of Pangasius breeding and farming in India, MoU on operating and jointly promoting direct air services between Vietnam Airlines and domestic Indian air carrier Jet Airways and MoU on cooperation in youth affairs and skill development.
The two sides also agreed to undertake a focussed cooperation in defence related procurement.
  "The leaders agreed that defence and security cooperation was an important pillar of the strategic partnership between the two countries. They expressed satisfaction with the ongoing cooperation between the two sides in this field and noted that the signing of the MoU for the Line of Credit of USD 100 million for defence procurement extended by India to Vietnam would open new avenues for cooperation," the joint statement said.
They also reiterated their desire and determination to work together to maintain peace, stability, growth and prosperity in Asia, it said.
It said official talks between the leaders were held in an atmosphere of friendship and mutual trust.
"President Sang and President Mukherjee exchanged views on the socio-economic developments and foreign policy of their respective countries, bilateral relations and issues of mutual interest," it said.
Mukherjee also congratulated the government and people of Vietnam on the remarkable achievements recorded in recent years while Sang saluted India on the successful completion of the recent Lok Sabha elections and expressed his belief that under the leadership of the new government in India, the people of India will attain greater achievements in national development.
The two leaders also agreed to enhance the economic partnership and strengthen the trade and investment linkages between the public and private sectors of both countries, including forging joint ventures.

Gold Futures Up 0.33% on Global CuesYou are here: Home Market
Gold Futures Up 0.33% on Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 15, 2014 14:46 (IST)
Investors Batten Down Hatches for Volatile End to 2014
New Delhi: Gold rose 0.33 per cent to Rs 27,170 per 10 grams in futures trade today as participants engaged in enlarging positions on a firming trend overseas.
At the Multi Commodity Exchange, the metal for delivery in far-month December gained Rs 90, or 0.33 per cent, to trade at Rs 27,170 per 10 grams in a turnover of 153 lots.
Similarly, the metal for delivery in October contracts moved up by Rs 80, or 0.30 per cent, to Rs 26,978 per 10 grams, clocking a business volume of 2,710 lots.
Analysts said the rise global markets where gold rallied from an eight-month low, on speculation that reduced prices may spur purchases before the Federal Reserve begins a two-day policy meeting supported the rise in precious metal prices at futures trade here.
Globally, gold climbed 0.40 per cent to $1,235.07 an ounce in Singapore today.
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 14:44 (IST)

See credit grow around 20%  NPAs trend lower: Federal BankWe now have almost 600 branches outside which resulted in some costs across many quarters
Shyam Srinivasan
MD & CEO
Federal Bank
Goldman Sachs is confident that  Federal Bank is back on growth path. A report by the investment expects loan book to grow 20 percent over FY15-16. It believes the asset quality woes in retail and SME have largely subsidised.
Speaking to CNBC-TV18, Shyam Shrinivasan, MD and CEO, Federal Bank says the quality of the portfolio has improved considerably across many quarters and more recently the stability is visible. “We look forward to similar or better performances in the quarters ahead particularly retail and SME businesses which have trended quite well.”
According to Shrinivasan, the costs on account of new branch establishment, which had affected the bank over many quarters, have stabilised. The bank does not hold large portfolios of stress and aims to bring down its non-performing assets (NPAs) and non-performing loans (NPLs) going ahead.
Shrinivasan is confidently looking to achieve a credit growth of around 18-20 percent going ahead.
The private sector lender, which had an exposure of Rs 85 crore to  Kingfisher Airlines has been successful in recovering around Rs 10 crore out of total outstanding loans.
The bank is also in a process of declaring KFA a willful defaulter.
Below is verbatim transcript of the interview:
Q: Out of a couple of takeaways from Goldman Sachs report, one of them was that the asset quality woes have largely subsided especially in retail as well as in the SME segment. The previous quarter was quite strong in terms of asset quality. Do you think you will further improve it in Q2?
A: Yes we believe that the quality of the portfolio has improved considerably across many quarters and more recently the stability is visible. We look forward to similar or better performances in the quarters ahead particularly retail and SME businesses which have trended quite well.
Q: Profits will improve because of greater operative efficiency. If you could give us any kind of numbers in terms of what you are targeting?
A: I would hesitate to give a forecast but for many quarters both the incremental footprint, we have increased our network considerably outside Kerala. We now have almost 600 branches outside which resulted in some costs across many quarters. We have now stabilised that and we are looking to get more operating leverage ensuring that the low cost deposit business is growing well in both our markets, as also ensuring the underlying momentum in retail and SME which has been trending well.
The outcome of these two with an improved credit portfolio should start bearing better outcomes. But I look at the inputs more strongly.
Q: If your gross NPAs fell to 2.22 percent in Q1, do you think that you could improve it further in Q2, what would be the guidance? Would it be sub 2 percent at least anytime in FY15?
A: Certainly that is the direction plus minus a few basis points here and there would be driven by if there is any abnormal activity in any quarter. But directionally if you have been tracking us we were in the mid, high threes.
We have trended down to the early two and we look to see that continuing, we don’t have any large portfolio of stress that is not been addressed. So with an improving environment, with a lot of the corrective actions beginning to bear fruit, I see it trending in this direction.
Exact number will be an outcome of that particular quarter if there is any event but directionally that is what it will be.
Q: What about credit growth, what is the outlook for that for the rest of the year?
A: We are seeing reasonably good traction. Consider Q1 and Q4 of last year, the two data points have both grown more than 4 percent in that quarter. So annualised, that itself is about 15-16 percent and this is spread across all our businesses, retail, SME and the large corporate.
With an improving environment, with the busy season coming up that is trending a little upwards. So in the 18-20 percent kind of credit growth is something that we are confidently looking forward to.
Q: Will it primarily be towards retail?
A: It is split across. In Q1 the highest growth was the large corporate typically in the Rs 25 to 50-60 crore credit exposure portfolios. But we have also seen reasonable growth in retail and SME. So it wont be biased on any one segment, it will be reasonably balanced with retail as SME tends to look better in this part of the year.
Q: Would you have exposure to any of the vulnerable accounts that have been spoken off for example Bhushan Steel , as well as  Lanco Infratech and may be even  KS Oils where the bankers are looking to sell off some assets?
A: Not appropriate to discuss specific names but KS Oils was on our portfolio long back and we have already taken 400 percent write-off on that. On Lanco we don’t have anything.
Q: Your non-interest income has been a point of concern amongst the analyst community that it might not be as robust in terms of growth. What are you envisaging in terms of your total non-interest income growth in FY15 and what would it be led by?
A: NII growth has been beginning to show better traction. We are looking at all the elements of fee income growth, be it retail or on the fx side for SME and large corporate businesses. It is seeing traction, yes it has been a relatively slower part of the corrections that we were putting in place but many of the ingredients are beginning to fall in place.
I am quite confident that our rate of growth of fee income will be higher by at least 200 bps more than our advance growth. I am talking about 20-22 percent growth in fee income. And that will be the first data point for us to ensure that it is more a steady and stable growth going into the next year.
Q: There have been reports that you all are also looking to declare Kingfisher as wilful defaulters and there were reports earlier indicating that you all have recovered around Rs 10 crore. What is your total exposure to Kingfisher and can you give us more clarity on what the process of declaring the Kingfisher management or certain promoters as wilful defaulters?
A: The overall exposure was about Rs 85 crore. Yes we have recovered about Rs 10 crore. We are going through various steps to ensure that we have done what is appropriate, given the management adequate time to respond to the various queries.
We are going through various steps, we have initiated our steps from our side of the process already to declare them as a wilful defaulter.
Federal Bank stock price
On October 01, 2014, Federal Bank closed at Rs 123.45, down Rs 2.15, or 1.71 percent. The 52-week high of the share was Rs 136.00 and the 52-week low was Rs 55.69.
The company's trailing 12-month (TTM) EPS was at Rs 11.14 per share as per the quarter ended June 2014. The stock's price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio was 11.08. The latest book value of the company is Rs 81.24 per share. At current value, the price-to-book value of the company is 1.52.
RELATED NEWS

Scots arent the only ones voting on whether Scotland should become independentBorders
September 15, 2014
Nearly 4.3 million people have registered to vote in Scotland’s referendum on independence, the largest electorate ever recorded in the country. With polls showing the Sept. 18 vote as too close to call , the campaigns are appealing to every niche in that electorate in hopes of tipping the balance.
One constituency that could prove decisive, given the tight margins, is non-Scots. Some 500,000 English, Welsh, and Northern Irish will vote in the referendum, and polls show they favor maintaining the union by a large margin. But since the referendum will follow the same rules as local elections , the voters also will include more than 100,000 people from elsewhere in the EU and Commonwealth who are resident in Scotland.
Altogether, non-Scots make up about 14% of the potential referendum electorate.
Share
Tap image to zoom
The latest polls show non-Brits also favor the “No” (to independence) camp, but by a smaller margin than Brits born outside of Scotland. Scottish National Party leader Alex Salmond held a rally last week in Edinburgh specifically for foreign voters (pictured above), urging them to vote “Yes”—or “Ja,” “Sí,” “Tak,” and many other variations. It is part of a concerted campaign to win over foreign-born voters to their side.
From Krakow to Caledonia
There are more than 80,000 Poles living in Scotland, the biggest foreign group by far. Although likely voters will be a smaller subset of this, it is still a constituency that cannot be ignored . A survey of Poles in Scotland last month (pdf) found that 85% planned to vote, and a majority favored the “No” side.
Until fairly recently, Ewa Golebikowska was among them. She moved to Scotland from Poland eight years ago, where she has worked for others, ran her own business, and spent time unemployed. “I don’t see how any of those situations could have been improved by Scotland not being independent,” she tells Quartz. She is now a “Yes” voter.
“There is a history of us struggling for independence,” she says. This could be a “subconscious reason” for her to vote for an independent Scotland, she adds. “Poland has done much better since it became independent.”
Other foreign-born groups bring their backgrounds into the campaign for an independent Scotland. This is how the “Italians for Yes” group dismisses the “No” campaign’s recent promise to devolve more power to Scotland if they remain in the union:
The No campaign is doing a Berlusconi – bribing the electorate a few days before the vote. Don't fall for it Scotland #VoteYes
— Italians for Yes (@ItalianScots) September 8, 2014
Given what’s going on at home  for members of the “ Yes Scotland Hong Kong ” group, they may also be sympathetic to Scotland’s independence from the larger United Kingdom.
Migrants for immigration
Unsurprisingly, a big issue for many “Yes”-leaning, foreign-born voters is immigration policy. This is particularly relevant for EU nationals, who are guaranteed freedom of movement within the bloc by its founding treaty.
British prime minister David Cameron isn’t so keen on such open borders for EU citizens coming to Britain, and has promised a referendum on EU membership if his party wins the next election. The burgeoning support for the far-right UK Independence Party , which is much more popular in England than the rest of the UK, also makes some migrants nervous .
 Some voters figure that it’s safer to vote Scotland out of the UK before the UK votes itself out of the EU. 
Although it remains unclear how easily an independent Scotland could rejoin the EU , the “Yes” camp claims that other EU members would be unlikely to reject a small, peaceful, democratic country keen to belong . And as the UK’s relationship with the EU becomes increasingly fraught, some pro-European referendum voters figure that it’s safer to vote Scotland out of the UK before the UK votes itself out of the EU.
Sylvie Burnett moved to Scotland from her native France 30 years ago, “and I’ve never felt a foreigner at all,” she says:
In Scotland there is an aging population and they need the immigrants. They are made very welcome. They’re not looked at the same way as they are in England.
Burnett has helped run the “ EU Citizens for an Independent Scotland ” group, which she started with some German friends. It has gotten nearly 15,000 “likes” on Facebook.
Alexia Grosjean, a Belgian, has lived in Scotland since the late 1980s, but still frets about immigration policy. “One of the major positive factors of the ‘Yes’ campaign is that it is very keen on the EU,” she says. “It’s a very important and worrying aspect for me that Westminster seems to be pushing ever closer to leaving the EU.”
An appeal to history
Throughout the referendum campaign, the polls have shown the “No” camp ahead, although “Yes” voters tend to be more vocal and prominent in public (and willing to talk with journalists). Whether the pro-union’s “ silent majority ” will deliver a victory later this week is not assured, and in some small part will depend on how of non-Scots feel about the prospects for their adopted homeland.
Grosjean teaches at the University of St. Andrews, where she focuses on 17th-century Scottish history, predating when the country signed the Act of Union with England in 1707. “For me, it never seemed an odd concept that Scotland could be independent,” she says. “It had been for about 1,100 years before it joined the union.”
Share this:

A Chinese citys no cellphones sidewalk lane isnt originaland its not on a real streetAdam Pasick @adampasick
September 15, 2014
The Chinese city of Chongqing’s “no cellphones” lane for pedestrians has struck a global chord —perhaps because just about every mobile phone user has been guilty of walking-while-texting at least a few times, even though it is an annoying hazard to fellow walkers.
In this Chinese city, phone addicts get their own sidewalk lane http://t.co/kpLf0ZTKLZ pic.twitter.com/d622PMSLgK
— Steven Millward (@SirSteven) September 15, 2014
But it’s not like the urban planners of Chongqing, a fast-growing mega-city in China’s southwest, are breaking new ground in urban traffic management: Instead, it turns out that the new signage only appears on a single 50-meter (164-foot) walkway, and it’s located in a bizarre theme park called Yangren Jie (“Foreigner Street”) that is also home to the world’s largest public toilet .
Why a cellphone-only lane on Foreigner Street? Perhaps because the idea and even the signage itself came from a US reality show that set up a nearly identical sidewalk in Washington, DC earlier this year—for one day only—to test people’s ability to follow directions. The National Geographic show “Mind Over Masses” discovered that it  had very little effect at all . The Chongqing signs use almost identical language and even the same Nokia-esque cellphone icon as the ones in DC.
Tap image to zoom
DC on the left, Chongqing on the right.AP Photo / China Daily
“I knew there were such sidewalks in Washington’s central business district, which are very necessary for the [cellphone] addicts, especially in the busy streets,” said college student Li Zhijiang , in a suspiciously on-the-nose quote to the state-owned China Daily.
Share this:

Dip in IIP shows recovery is still uneven: RajanDip in IIP shows recovery is still uneven: Rajan
Chromatic India announces appointment of directorChromatic India announces appointment of director
E. Railway to carry relief materials for J&K flood victimsE. Railway to carry relief materials for J&K flood victims
Jayanta Mallick
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 15:  
Eastern Railway has said it would carry relief materials for Jammu & Kashmir flood victims free-of-cost in various trains from Kolkata to Kalka and also to Delhi for onward journey to the State.
One wagon stacked with mineral water and other relief materials, donated by the Government of West Bengal and other non-government organisations (NGOs), through Kalka Mail will leave Howrah on Monday. Two more such consignments, also donated by the State Government and various organisations, will leave by Toofan Express on Tuesday morning.
Eastern Railway plans to transport few more such relief packages from the State this week.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Ford launches new Ford Figo at Rs 6.09 lakhHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Ford launches refreshed Figo priced up to Rs 6.09 lakh
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
Ford India today launched a refreshed version of its compact car Ford Figo priced up to Rs 6.09 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) ahead of the upcoming festival season.
The refreshed Ford Figo will be available at Rs 3.87 lakh to Rs 5.14 lakh for petrol variant and Rs 4.83 lakh to Rs 6.09 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) for the diesel option, the company said in a statement.
“With the refreshed look, we are adding even more style to the Figo, which is highly regarded as a reliable vehicle with an outstanding value-for-money proposition,” Ford India Executive Director (Marketing, Sales and Service) Vinay Piparsania said.
Features
The new look Ford Figo will have smoky stealth finish exterior styling elements, including 14 inch alloy wheels, fog lamp bezels and rear bumper valance.
The company said the new Figo range will also continue to offer a two-year or 1,00,000 kilometre warranty. It is also offering ‘Happy Pocket Service’ with comprehensive scheduled service with prices starting at Rs 2,199.
Correction
We had headlined the report incorrectly as 'Ford launches new Ford Figo at Rs 6.09 lakh' . It is a refreshed version and the price is not at Rs 6.09 lakh. This report has been modified to correct the headline.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Gold futures rise to Rs 27 170 per 10 gmGold futures rise to Rs 27,170 per 10 gm
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
Gold prices rose 0.33 per cent to Rs 27,170 per 10 grams at the futures trade today as participants engaged in enlarging positions due to a firm trend overseas.
On the Multi Commodity Exchange, the metal for delivery in far-month December gained Rs 90 or 0.33 per cent to trade at Rs 27,170 per 10 grams in a turnover of 153 lots.
Similarly, the metal for delivery in October moved up by Rs 80 or 0.3 per cent to Rs 26,978 per 10 grams, clocking a business volume of 2,710 lots.
Fed policy meet
Analysts said the rise in global markets, where gold rallied from an eight-month low, on speculation that reduced prices may spur purchases before the Federal Reserve begins a two-day policy meeting, supported the rise in precious metal prices at futures trade here.
Globally, gold climbed 0.4 per cent to $1,235.07 an ounce in Singapore today.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Dabur India announces 125% interim dividendHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Dabur India announces 125% interim dividend
Meenakshi Verma Ambwani
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
The board of directors of Dabur India on Monday recommended an interim dividend of 125 per cent for 2014-15.
In a statement, Dabur India Ltd Group Director P D Narang said: “Continuing with our payout policy, the board has proposed an interim dividend of Rs 1.25 per share, aggregating Rs 256.8 crore, including dividend tax.”
Dabur India said that the decision was taken in view of the strong financial performance recently announced by the company.
Dabur India had ended the first quarter of 2014-15 with a 13.2 per cent jump in consolidated net sales at Rs 1,863.90 crore, while consolidated net profit grew 13.3 per cent to Rs 210.8 crore.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Sensex plunges 202 points on disappointing IIP data  weak global cuesSensex plummets 244 points on disappointing IIP data, weak global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The Sensex and the Nifty plunged nearly one per cent at the closing session on Monday on heavy selling by funds and retail investors due to weak industrial production data and weak global cues.
Brokers said selling pressure emerged as the country’s industrial production growth slowed to a four-month low of 0.5 per cent in July but easing retail inflation to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July, and dip in WPI inflation to a five-year low of 5.74 per cent in August restricted the fall.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex plunged 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty fell 63.5 points to end at 8,042.
Among BSE sectoral indices, metal index fell the most by 1.69 per cent, oil & gas and IT 0.96 per cent each. On the other hand, healthcare index was up 0.41 per cent, followed by realty 0.18 per cent and infrastructure index 0.18 per cent.
Cipla, Hero MotoCorp, Dr Reddy's, HDFC Bank and Infosys were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were Hindalco, Tata Steel, SSLT, ONGC and Coal India.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head-Research Eastern Financiers, earlier in the day said in a report: "The markets are expected to start the week on a subdued note on the back of weak IIP data declared during the week-end. Although Consumer Price Index (CPI) was at a comfortable zone, markets would be keenly watching the Wholesale Price Inflation (WPI) data for August scheduled to be released on Monday. Further, stock-specific action could be seen after second instalment of advance tax payments by corporates start trickling in.''
European shares fell after disappointing macroeconomic data from China raised concerns about the pace of economic growth in the world's second-biggest economy.
Week-end data showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled, increasing fears that the world's second-largest economy may be at the risk of a sharp slowdown unless Beijing takes fresh stimulus measures.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slipped less than 0.1 per cent to 344.04 at 10.13 a.m. in London, paring losses of as much as 0.4 per cent.
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index retreated 0.6 per cent today for an eighth day of declines, its longest streak since January 2010. Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures fell 0.2 per cent.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Global brands turning to Indian values to boost luxury consumptionNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

Walking or cycling to work improves well being: studyNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

Vijayawada  Vizag to be developed as smart cities: NaiduPress Trust of India |  Vijayawada Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 02:16 PM IST
Vijayawada, Vizag to be developed as smart cities: Naidu
The new AP capital will also be located around Vijayawada
Union Urban Development Minister M Venkaiah Naidu today said Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh would be developed as 'smart cities'.
He also said that Vijayawada, Guntur and Tenali would be provided Metro rail services.
Notably, the state government had recently announced that the new capital of Andhra Pradesh would be located "around Vijayawada".
"As a part of the Centre's decision to develop 100 smart cities in the country for making urban life comfortable by improving living conditions there, Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam in AP would get a chance to be developed as smart cities," Naidu said.
He was participating in a seminar on 'Smart Cities' conducted by the Andhra Chamber of Commerce and Industry here.
The smart cities would be required to provide round-the-clock drinking water, power, transport and health services at affordable prices to the public, he said.
The development of a smart city needs political will and guts to enforce proper taxation system, implement good governance, weed out corruption and check unauthorised constructions, he said.
He also appealed to the public to pay taxes properly to avail the amenities and services.
The Centre has so far not decided on the places for the smart city project. The state governments have to propose the names for it, he said.
However, the four metros, the capitals of states and major cities and their surrounding areas would be developed as smart cities, he said.
Lok Sabha MP G Ganga Raju and Andhra Chamber of Commerce and Industry President M Murali Krishna were among others present on the occasion.
Top Stories

Central govt announces Rs 2 700 crore aid for Cochin ShipyardBS Reporter |  Cochin Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 02:04 PM IST
Central govt announces Rs 2,700 crore aid for Cochin Shipyard
The funds will be used to modernize the yard, as well as to build a new dry dockyard
The Union minister for Shipping and Transport Nitin Gadkari on Monday announced financial aid of Rs 2700crore for the development and modernization of the 42-year-old Cochin Shipyard Limited [CSL].
Of this, Rs 1200 crore aid will be used for setting up a new dry dock yard. CSL will construct an LNG carrying vessel for the first time in India, for which Rs 1,500 crore will be allocated, as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi''s 'Make in India' call. The country will make three such vessels indigenously in all.
The yard will also manufacture dredgers, the minister announced. 
Top Stories

Audit brief exceeded in Krishna-Godavari gas report: RILAudit brief exceeded in Krishna-Godavari gas report: RIL
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 15:34 IST
India's official audit agency exceeded its brief in its report on the Krishna-Godavari gas blocks won by Reliance Industries , using hindsight and not the legal contractual pact as a basis for its annotations, the company has charged.
In a letter to the watchdog, the Directorate General of Hydrocarbons, Reliance also said unlike the award of coal blocks, or the spectrum for telephony, the oil assets were won by it after global competitive bidding and that issues had been unnecessarily hyped.
It said the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG), with comments on commercial, operational and technical performance of Reliance, had exceeded its brief, providing its own interpretation of the production-sharing contract with the government.
The company also sought to inform the watchdog that its responses furnished to the audit agency were not considered when the final report was drawn up, adding it was bereft of any legal or technical merit.
"At several places in the CAG's draft audit report, the audit team has merely paraphrased our responses and then dismissed them with a vague 'we disagree', without specifying the reasons for not accepting our responses," it added.
Primarily, the auditor's observations pertain to two issues: Under-utilisation of the facilities built for 80 million units of gas per day, and procedures followed on expenditure-accounting that has a bearing on the gas to be shared with the government.
Reliance Industries, for the record, could not match the production targets.
On both counts, the company refuted the charges. In the response to the auditor, it said it had taken all steps for timely and cost-efficient deliveries. To the watchdog, it also said the matter was sub-judice and under arbitration. Hence comment was improper.
Reliance said it had also challenged the government's move to link the so-called lower gas output due to under-utilisation of facilities that resulted in a lower share of the exchequer. An audit comment on this, therefore, was inappropriate, Reliance said.
It said it was concerned over comments that intend to show conclusiveness on the legal interpretation of the contract provisions that are in arbitration.
"We believe comments on matters that are sub judice are inappropriate and prejudicial," the company said.
It had told the audit agency that the Krishna-Godavari basin was among the most complex ones in the world and that members of its team would have had better perspective on the issues, had they physically visit these facilities.
Reliance said despite assurances that it was not a performance audit, retrospection seemed to have been the basis of not only doubting the efficiency, effectiveness and the economic viability of the contracts but also the operational decisions taken eight years ago.
"We submit this could easily be perceived as a performance audit which obviously was not the stated intent of audit," said Reliance, adding such comments needlessly prejudice an arbitration and may be misused by vested interests.
"Issues which are either under arbitration, or are the consequence of differences in the interpretation of PSC provisions should not be commented upon in an Audit of accounts," the company said.

SC seeks details about whistleblower in guest list caseGuest list case: SC asks Prashant Bhushan to reveal documents' source against CBI Director
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 15:22 IST
Photo: Reuters
The Supreme Court on Monday directed advocate Prashant Bhushan, who has levelled allegations against CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) Director Ranjit Sinha of protecting accused in the 2G case, to reveal the name of the whistleblower from whom he got CBI documents and guest list at the top cop's residence.
A bench headed by Justice H L Dattu asked Bhushan to name the whistleblower in the sealed envelope on the next date of hearing and said that it will go into the merits of allegations after knowing the source of information, as it may have ramification on the reputation of the director and also affect the ongoing trial in the 2G scam.
It said that the affidavit filed by Bhushan is not in consonance with the Supreme Court rules and asked him to reveal the source from whom he got all the documents.
The director questioned the very existence of the diary before the apex court and said that 90 per cent of the entries were fudged though some entries may be genuine.
Advocate Vikash Singh, appearing for the top cop, submitted that somebody else is controlling the proceedings in the case and raised questions on how a media group published a story in advance that Bhushan will be depositing the original guest list before the apex court.
He alleged that a corporate house is working behind all these controversies and it is intended to benefit the accused in the 2G scam .
The bench also wanted to know the stand of CBI in the controversy but the senior advocate K K Venugopal, appearing for the agency, refused to get into it, saying that it is a matter between advocate Prashant Bhushan and the director.
It then directed its registry to keep all documents and affidavits filed by the CBI director in a sealed cover and deposit them with the Secretary General for safe custody.
The apex court posted the matter for further hearing on September 22.

Free diesel prices at the earliest: Raghuram RajanNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

Chinas Xi touts maritime silk road on South AsiatourChinese President Xi Jinping, right, walks with Maldives President Yaamin Abdul Gayoom upon his arrival at the airport in Hulhule' Island. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Male | Posted: September 15, 2014 3:10 pm
China’s President Xi Jinping said he hoped the Maldives would help build a “21st century maritime silk road” as he began a South Asian tour in the strategically located Indian Ocean island chain on Monday.
Xi said he was eager to boost relations with the Maldives, which is best known for its tourist industry but also straddles major international shipping routes.
“Maldives was an important stop of the ancient maritime silk road,” Xi wrote in an article published in the local Sun Online news portal late Sunday.
“China welcomes Maldives to get actively involved in building the 21st century maritime silk road by leveraging its own strength.”
The “maritime silk road” — touted by Xi during a visit to Indonesia last year — is intended to revive a trade route running from China through Southeast Asia and the Indian Ocean to Europe.
Xi will also visit close ally Sri Lanka as well as India this week on a tour set to focus on China’s growing economic influence in the region.
He is due to hold talks with Maldives President AbdullaYameen after an official welcome ceremony at the Republic Square in the capital island of Male on Sunday.
It is the first visit by a leader from Beijing since the former British protectorate gained independence in 1965, but will be the second meeting between the two leaders in a matter of weeks, following their talks last month in the Chinese city of Nanjing.
“The focus will be on building what they discussed last month,” a source close to Yameen’s government told AFP. “The thrust of the talks will be on trade and aid rather than security.”
The source said the Maldives was keen to avoid upsetting India by bringing up sensitive security issues as New Delhi considers the islands to be within its sphere of influence.
Yameen is keen on securing China’s funding for an ambitious project to build a road bridge between central Male island and nearby Hululle island, where the international airport is located.
China welcomes Maldives to get actively involved in building the 21st century maritime silk road by leveraging its own strength.
Related

After 11 days  train services partially resume in KashmirValleyPress Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 2:59 pm
After remaining disrupted for 11 days, Railways on Monday partially resumed train services in Kashmir Valley following restoration of tracks damaged by flood waters.
Train services commenced between Srinagar and Baramulla, said a senior Northern Railway official.
The first train departed from Budgam at 12 noon to Baramulla and will commence its return service to Srinagar and thereon.
“Efforts are in full swing to restore the rail traffic in the remaining parts of the Kashmir Valley,” he said.
The services were disrupted as the tracks were damaged due to flooding following incessant rains, the official said, adding that at some places people had taken shelter near railway tracks and rail premises.
Northern Railway has taken several measures for people stranded in flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir, like running special trains from Katra, Udhampur and Jammu to different parts of the country and attaching extra coaches to regular services.
Arrangements have also been made for free transportation of relief material by trains to Jammu and Udhampur.
A special train was made operational from Jammu to Indore via New Delhi to clear stranded passengers and extra coaches were being added to regular trains as per requirement, he said.
Railways was also facilitating their journey to places like Islampur, Allahabad, Araria Cantt, Bettiah, Katihar, Lalganj, Narkatiaganj, Purania, Kiahanganj, Darbhanga, Bugha, Malda Town and Jogbani.
Northern Railway, along with NGOs and gurudwaras, is providing food free of cost to the stranded passengers at these stations. Railways doctors, along with medical teams, are also attending to those in need. Exclusive waiting rooms have been earmarked for their use at New Delhi Station.
“In case of onward journey requirement from New Delhi and any other assistance, passengers can contact Station Manager (mobile no. 9717648892) and Deputy Station Manager (9717631960),” the official said.
Help desks have also been set up at Jammu, Udhampur and Katra railway stations for the convenience of passengers. A special help desk of railways has also been set up at T-3 terminal of Indira Gandhi Airport in Delhi.
Related

India my favourite mkt since Modi was elected: Chris Wood | Aug WPI @5-yr lowChief Strategist
(Wood said: "India has been…)
In a chat with ET Now, Chris Wood, Chief Strategist, CLSA , talks about the QE tapering and shares his outlook for the Indian market. Excerpts:
ET Now: Do you think the tapering is soon going to end and what is your outlook for the Indian market?
Chris Wood: We are coming close to the end of the QE tapering in the US. This shows you a clear correlation between the FED balance sheet expansion and the S&P 500. So the nearer we come to the end of tapering, the bigger is the risk of a stock market correction. If there is going to be any trouble in the financial markets, it is going to be caused by rising credit spreads. If credit spreads do not rise, there would not be a problem.
India has been one of my favourite markets in Asia and remains so most particularly since the elections. I have, in fact, allocated 41% of my long only portfolio to India. Now India has already done very well. So it would not be a surprise to me if there is some consolidation in the market. But I am not going to pull out because I am viewing India as a five-year story given the fact that Modi has been elected for five years. Modi is the most pro-business, pro-investment political leader in the world today. So in all likelihood he would get the investment cycle going again.
The bad news is that China is cyclically slow, probably because the markets are correcting. The good news is the government seems serious about reforms, which is a long-term positive. If the anti-corruption campaign continues, that will be a short-term negative for growth, but that is again a long-term positive.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CLSA says its overweight on India; 5 stocks that can return upto 45%Here's why CLSA is overweight on India; top five stocks to bet on
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 04.54PM IST
Tags:
CLSA
(Chris Wood further added…)
NEW DELHI: India has been one of my favourite markets in Asia and remains so most particularly since the national elections 2014, said CLSA's Chief Strategist Chris Wood in an interview with ET Now.
"I am viewing India as a five-year story given the fact that Modi has been elected for five years," said Wood. In fact, he has allocated 41 per cent of his long only portfolio to India.
"We are coming close to the end of the QE tapering in the US. So, the nearer we come to the end of tapering, the bigger is the risk of a stock market correction. Even if there is going to be any trouble in the financial markets, it is going to be caused by rising credit spreads. If credit spreads do not rise, there would not be a problem," added Wood.
Chris Wood further said that he is viewing India as a five-year story given the fact that Modi has been elected for five years. "Modi is the most pro-business, pro-investment political leader in the world today. So in all likelihood he would get the investment cycle going again," he said.
The Modi administration is committed to lowering the fiscal deficit by 160 bps by FY17. The effect of his initiatives taken will become more visible from 2HFY15.
The early signs of the economic bottoming out are already in sight, which is good news for domestic recovery plays. CLSA is overweight on banks, autos and public sector undertaking companies.
In a recent report released last week, titled 'Bits & Pieces', CLSA said that the renewed investment cycle should significantly favour infrastructure asset owners and contractors such as Larsen & Toubro. Corporate lenders such as ICICI Bank and SBI should also benefit.
Among building material companies, they prefer Grasim. Ensuing job creation will be positive for discretionary consumption plays such as Bharti Airtel. State-owned oil companies will appreciate subsidy cuts and their favourite pick is ONGC.
The China Angle:
The size of the Indian equity market has surpassed both Australia and South Korea, making it the third largest ex-Japan market in Asia, behind China and Hong Kong, stated the report.
On most time-frames within the past 5 years, India's (the tiger) market has smashed China's (the dragon) China Enterprise index in local currency terms.
But due to the appreciation of the RMB and the INR's depreciation in USD terms, China has actually outperformed India over the past 3 years.
According to Chris Wood, the bad news is that China is cyclically slow, probably because the markets are correcting. But the good news is the government seems serious about reforms, which is a long-term positive.
If the anti-corruption campaign continues, that will be a short-term negative for growth, but that is again a long-term positive, he added.
A report authored by Francis Cheung of CLSA said that "we expected the market (China) rally to fade away by 3Q, but economy is weakening faster than expected. The government stimulus is having less of an impact which is highlighted by diminishing returns."
It will be difficult for China to meet this year's 7.5 per cent growth target, but another stimulus is unlikely for this year, added Cheung.
Although the market has rallied with government stimulus despite lacklustre results and slowing growth, but with weaker PMIs and continuing property correction, we are cautious on the market, added Cheung.
(The above article is compiled with inputs from a CLSA report, titled 'Bits & Pieces', released last week)
FEATURED ARTICLES

WPI inflation @ 5-year low: Why stock market is cold to this | Sensex down over 200 ptsYou are here: Home > Collections > Wpi
Why is market giving cold shoulder to WPI inflation figures?
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 02.35PM IST
Tags:
CPI
(WPI is not being looked at…)
MUMBAI: The better-than-expected WPI inflation figures for the month of August, which fell to a 5-year low to 3.74 per cent from 5.19 per cent in July, have failed to cheer the equity market.
WPI is not being looked at in the same light as the CPI inflation. The central bank is focusing more on the latter for key policy decisions. The central bank will continue to keep the rate cuts on hold till CPI declines closer to 6 per cent, say analysts.
"The market is right now bothered about the US Federal Reserve's meeting on Wednesday. Concerns of earlier-than-expected hike in the US interest rates are keeping the market on toes," said Dipen Shah, Head- Private Client Group Research, Kotak Securities .
The market is also taking the WPI inflation figures, which are known to be fluctuating, with a pinch of salt. A declining trend for the next couple of months will be required to reach a conclusion, say analysts.
The manufacturing sector data from IIP and WPI are signaling at stagflation and that could be hurting the sentiment as well.
"The IIP figures were disappointing on Friday. The manufacturing sector showed a decline and in today's WPI figures, manufacturing data showed a similar trend. In the manufacturing sector, both production and prices are on a decline, which could be a sign of stagflation," said Debopam Chaudhuri, Chief Economist, ZyFin Research.
According to him, the market is also not clear about the mismatch in food inflation figures in CPI and WPI. This could also be keeping the market jittery.
The WPI food price index dipped substantially to 5.15 per cent versus 8.43 per cent in July. CPI inflation slowed to 7.8 per cent in August from nearly 8 per cent in the previous month. However, CPI food inflation in August rose to 9.42 per cent over 9.36 per cent in July.
The market is now awaiting the US Federal Reserve's comments on rate hike. The market may witness a bout of profit booking if there is a hint of an earlier-than-expected rate hike.
Investors should use it as an opportunity to buy on declines, say experts.
"A heavy disinvestment programme, end of US quantitative easing in October accompanied by looming interest rate hikes, amongst others, could provide opportunities for correction. However, these will only be opportunities to buy," said Dilip Bhat, Joint MD, Prabhudas Lilladher.
"The next five years will see the markets in upward channel complimented by PE re-rating & strong domestic participation from all investors, big & small," he added. At 01:45 pm, the Nifty was at 8,051.95, down 53.55 points or 0.66 per cent. It touched a high of 8077.30 and a low of 8030 in trade today.
The S&P BSE Sensex was at 26,850.37, down 210.67 points or 0.78 per cent. It touched a high of 26,998.07 and a low of 26,813.02 in trade today.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Heineken refuses offer to selloutHeineken rejects takeover in bid to stay independent
By Sophia Yan  @sophia_yan September 15, 2014: 6:00 AM ET
 
Beer CEO: U.S., Europe are tough markets
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Heineken has rejected a takeover bid from beer giant SABMiller, saying it hopes to remain independent despite widespread consolidation in the beer industry.
Heineken ( HEINY ), which also produces Amstel, Tecate and Dos Equis, has been controlled by its founding family since 1864, and is Europe's largest brewer by volume.
The Dutch brewer said in a statement that it hopes to preserve the company's "heritage and identity" by remaining independent.
Heineken is an attractive takeover target in an industry that has seen major consolidation in recent years as Anheuser-Busch InBev ( AHBIF ) and SABMiller ( SBMRF )have used mergers and acquisitions to build beverage empires.
Related: The world's most popular beer is ...
AB InBev is currently the world's largest brewer, a status reinforced by its 2008 purchase of Anheuser-Busch .
The producer of Stella Artois, Corona and Budweiser owns or has a major stake in six of the world's top 10 beers by volume, and has continued to snap up brewers. Last year, regulators signed off on the company buying the rest of Grupo Modelo in a $20 billion deal.
Related: Get ready for craft beer with a Latin twist
In bidding for Heineken, it's likely that SABMiller was attempting to shield itself from a potential AB InBev takeover.
Together, Heineken and SABMiller would rival AB InBev in size and influence, and a merger could help lower distribution and brewing costs.
Heineken is likely to face additional pressure to agree to a sale in the future. Along with Molson Coors, the brewer is one of the few family-controlled firms left in the business.
First Published: September 15, 2014: 1:06 AM ET
Join the Conversation

Chemo Pharma s board meeting on Sept 26  2014Sep 15, 2014, 03.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Chemo Pharma's board meeting on Sept 26, 2014
Chemo Pharma Laboratories Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 26, 2014, to consider and approve the Resignation of Shri. Ashok Joshi from the position of Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Directorship of the Company
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Chemo Pharma's board meeting on Sept 26, 2014
Chemo Pharma Laboratories Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 26, 2014, to consider and approve the Resignation of Shri. Ashok Joshi from the position of Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Directorship of the Company
Post your opinion here
 
Chemo Pharma Laboratories Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 26, 2014, to transact the following business:1. To consider and approve the Resignation of Shri. Ashok Joshi from the position of Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Directorship of the Company.2. To place and take on record the consent letter of Smt. Shanta Somani for appointment of Additional Director in the Company.3. To appoint Mr. Darsh Mehta as Compliance Officer of the Company.4. To consider Change in position of Ashok Somani from the designation of Chief Executive Officer of the Company and appoint him as Chief Financial Officer of the Company.5. To appoint Smt. Shanta Somani as Chief Executive Officer of the Company.Source : BSE

Taparia Tools  board meeting on Sept 25  2014Sep 15, 2014, 03.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Taparia Tools' board meeting on Sept 25, 2014
Taparia Tools Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014, inter alia, for appointing Independent woman director on the Board of Directors of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Taparia Tools' board meeting on Sept 25, 2014
Taparia Tools Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014, inter alia, for appointing Independent woman director on the Board of Directors of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Taparia Tools Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 25, 2014, inter alia, for appointing Independent woman director on the Board of Directors of the Company.Source : BSE

Tecil Chemicals  board meeting on Sept 29  2014Sep 15, 2014, 03.09 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Tecil Chemicals' board meeting on Sept 29, 2014
Tecil Chemicals & Hydro Power Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014, to consider and approve the Resignation of Shri. Ashok Joshi from the position of Compliance Officer of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Tecil Chemicals' board meeting on Sept 29, 2014
Tecil Chemicals & Hydro Power Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014, to consider and approve the Resignation of Shri. Ashok Joshi from the position of Compliance Officer of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Tecil Chemicals & Hydro Power Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 29, 2014, to transact the following business:1. To consider and approve the Resignation of Shri. Ashok Joshi from the position of Compliance Officer of the Company.2. To place and take on record the consent letter of Smt. Shanta Somani for appointment of Additional Director in the Company.3. To appoint Miss Harshali Shirodkar as Compliance Officer of the Company.Source : BSE

August Inflation Drops to 5-Year Low of 3.74 %; Market DipsAugust Inflation Drops to 5-Year Low of 3.74 %; Market Dips
India to host international peace conferenceIndia to host international peace conference
Shiv Sena blasts Prithviraj Chavan over anti-Uddhav Thackeray remarksShiv Sena blasts Prithviraj Chavan over anti-Uddhav Thackeray remarks
Buy Dish TV India  Bank of India: Rahul ShahBuy Dish TV India  Bank of India: Rahul Shah
Autoline Industries plans to sell 100% stake in US armAutoline Industries plans to sell 100% stake in US arm
YES Bank pays 20% higher advance tax for September quarterYES Bank pays 20% higher advance tax for September quarter
Hold Hindustan Construction  says Kunal BothraLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hold Hindustan Construction, says Kunal Bothra
According to Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP, one may hold Hindustan Construction Company for a couple of months and advises to exit at around Rs 42-43.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP told CNBC-TV18,"If I am looking at the broader patter for  Hindustan Construction Company (HCC) it is undergoing multi month consolidation after the last three-four months of very strong uptrend from Rs 15 the stock has tripled. So generally the tendency for such small and midcap names is to go in atleast a multi month consolidation.”
“If you have a short-term horizon, you may hold it for a couple of months, there could be a chance that you may see a rally till Rs 42-43 where you can get out. But if you are looking at a longer term horizon, I believe the timing needs to be much better and buying on dips is what I would advise. So I would place a level of Rs 35 or below on HCC in the next couple of months if you can buy it back at that level, that could be a good average price from a longer term perspective,” he added.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Bank of India  Andhra Bank: Manas Jaiswal02:30 pm
Manas Jaiswal of manasjaiswal.com told CNBC-TV18, " Andhra Bank has corrected sharply from the levels of Rs 110 in last three months. However, for last three to four weeks it had a strong base near Rs 70. Today it has broken its resistance of Rs 77 and its 200 day moving average also with good volumes. So, I am expecting a sharp upmove. It can test Rs 84, so stoploss should be placed at Rs 77."
" Bank of India has given a triangular breakout on daily chart and Oscillators are showing positive crossover. So, we may see upmove in terms of its July high of Rs 309. So, that is out target and stoploss should be Rs 291," he said
 

Hero Motors may choose AP for new plantHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hero MotoCorp may choose AP for new plant
V. Rishi Kumar
Hero MotoCorp Ltd MD & CEO, Pawan Munjal (file photo)
Hyderabad, Sept 15:  
Hero MotoCorp Limited is likely to finalise plans to set up a plant in Andhra Pradesh.
The State Cabinet, which met here today under Chief Minister N.Chandrababu Naidu has decided to allocate 600 acres in Chittoor district of the State located near the Sri City project to facilitate the setting up of a new greenfiled plant of the two-wheeler major.
A memorandum of understanding is likely to be inked on Tuesday.
Hero MotoCorp has three manufacturing plants under operation and the fourth one is likely to be commissioned soon and the fifth one is being developed in Gujarat. This plant when commissioned will be its first in south India.
Correction
This copy has been modified to correct name of company to Hero MotoCorp, from Hero Motors.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Inflation eases to nearly 5-yr low of 3.74 pct in August as vegetable  other food article prices fallNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

MySmartPrice aims to double its GMV from next yearK Rajani Kanth |  Hyderabad Sep 18, 2014
Last Updated at 08:42 PM IST
MySmartPrice aims to double gross merchandise value from next year
Company witnesses close to 17 mn user visits, and 11 mn unique users per month
MySmartPrice, a Hyderabad-based price comparison shopping portal, is planning to more than double its gross merchandise value (or GMV, a term used in online retailing to indicate a total sales value for merchandise sold through a particular marketplace over a certain time frame) from the present Rs 40 crore per month to Rs 100 crore per month from next year.
“Our idea is to accelerate our GMV by adding more categories. Also, we want to capitalise on mobile users. We believe it (GMV) is going to grow,” Sulakhsan Kumar, co-founder and director of MySmartPrice, said.
MySmartPrice witnesses close to 17 million user visits, and 11 million unique users per month. The company had raised Rs 2 crore in Series A funding from Accel Partners and Helion Venture Partners in December 2011, and Rs 6 crore in the next round from the same investors in 2013.
Stating that affiliate sites (like MySmartPrice or Junglee.com, an online shopping service by Amazon, that generate leads to ecommerce sites) were aiding the ecommerce industry in India, Kumar said 10 per cent of e-retailing in India was currently coming from affiliate sites.
“E-tailing in India is currently pegged at $4 billion. The market is maturing and is projected to touch $10 billion by 2016. The affiliate sites' contribution is expected to be 20 per cent of this by then,” he said.
According to Kumar, 50 per cent of MySmartPrice’s user base is on mobile and the company is planning to come up with mobile apps for Android and iOS (iPhone operating system) by the end of this October.
Started as a price comparison site for books in 2010, MySmartPrice   lists more than 300 product categories, including electronics, apparel, accessories, fashion and shoes, from over 25 partner online stores like Snapdeal, FlipKart, Amazon and Naaptol.
“We are broad in terms of product categories. MySmartPrice’s strength is electronics right now, with close to 80 per cent of sales happening in that segment. Our next additions would be beauty and health, sports and fitness etc over the next two quarters,” he said, adding that the company was targeting to double its revenues from the present Rs 1.2 crore per month, from next year.
Top Stories

Fortis Healthcare to divest stake in RadLink-Asia Pte  arm for SGD 137 mnNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

Britain needs greater unity not a messy break-upAhmed Rashid Beijing needs to talk to Uighurs
With the Russian invasion of Ukraine, military conflict has spread to Europe. Two radically different forms of government are competing for ascendancy. The EU stands for principles of liberal democracy, international governance and the rule of law. In Russia, President Vladimir Putin maintains the outward appearance of democracy by exploiting a narrative of ethnic and religious nationalism to generate popular support for his corrupt, authoritarian regime.
As a major power and global financial centre, Britain ought to be centrally involved in crafting a European response to this threat. But like the US and the EU itself, Britain has also been distracted by internal matters. Conservative Prime Minister David Cameron has been persuaded by anti-European zeal – not least within his own party – to put UK membership in the EU to a vote in 2017. A poll on Scottish independence is only days away. Just when Britain should be confronting grave threats to its way of life, it is preoccupied with divorce of one type or another.
Divorce is always messy. A vote for Scottish independence would weaken – in political and economic terms – both a truncated UK and Scotland. An independent Scotland would be financially unstable, especially if threats to renege on debt repayments were carried through.
For Scotland and the rest of the UK to enter into a currency union without a political union, after the euro crisis has demonstrated all the pitfalls, would be a retrograde step that neither side should contemplate. Yet without it, an independent Scotland could not benefit from the low interest rates that a strong pound has brought. These considerations ought to outweigh whatever possible benefits independence might bring.
Yes, there are significant policy differences between Scotland and the rest of the UK. There is a more left-leaning approach to many issues, notably education, north of the border. But Scotland would be better placed to attain its political goals as part of a united Britain that is part of the EU.
The same applies to a British exit from Europe. Policy differences can be mediated. A divorce would weaken the UK. Those who call for separation seem to have forgotten that Britain currently enjoys the best of all possible worlds. Being part of the EU but not part of the euro allows the UK to enjoy the trading benefits without the currency constraints.
Furthermore, Britain has always played a balancing role between hostile blocs. Its absence would greatly diminish the weight of the EU in the world.
The EU has proved to be the best guarantor of peace and human security since the end of the second world war. The importance of preserving the shared values underpinning a whole way of life far outweigh any possible advantages of independence. The difficult times we are facing call for increased unity, not divorce.
Only if Britain fails to resolve its differences with the EU, and if the pro-European Scots (having voted to remain within the UK) thus find themselves unwillingly excluded from Europe in 2017, would there be just cause for Scots to call for a new referendum. If it comes to that, Scotland will be in a different position – one that could legitimise a split.
But to vote for independence from the UK now would be to prematurely surrender Scottish leverage in London, and Britain’s leverage in the world.
The writer is the author of ‘The Tragedy of the European Union: Disintegration or Revival’
Related Topics

7 Benefits of Being CheapIf you haven't seen the trailers for "Gone Girl," you probably don't know what anyone is talking about these days....
20th Century Fox

Get medical X-rays printed on plain paper  courtesy RicohRicoh MPC2003SP printer can print medical images like X-ray, CT, MRI and Ultrasound directly on plain paper.
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 13, 2014 3:31 pm
Ricoh India has unveiled a printing solution that can print medical images like X-Rays on plain paper instead of conventional films. This printing solution aims to bring down the cost of healthcare delivery,
DICOM or Digital Imaging and Communications in Medicine, has revolutionized the practice of Radiology. DICOM has enabled advanced medical imaging applications that has “changed the face of clinical medicine”. From the emergency department, to cardiac stress testing, to breast cancer detection, DICOM is the standard that makes medical imaging work – for doctors and patients.
Ricoh DICOM print solution is designed specifically for healthcare sector, to meet the needs of Medical Imaging Department. Using this solution all medical images from different modalities, like X-ray, CT, MRI, Ultrasound, etc can be directly printed on plain paper by Ricoh MPC2003SP printer. This colored printer has been specifically customized for this process. The printing solution also impacts the environmental aspects of customer’s daily operations, as DICOM plain paper print reduces the need for chemical-based film processing and equipment, and further can be shredded and recycled.
One of the major challenges that the Indian diagnostic and health care industry faces is high print cost of medical imaging. It is also tedious to manage multiple printing devices for different medical images, and administration of various output sheets like films and papers. This conventional method and its higher running cost forces the diagnostic industry to compromise on the profits in order to ensure the customer retention. Ricoh claims to reduce costs by 50 per cent through its MPC2003SP printer.
Related

IS releases beheading video of British aid workerUpdated: October 4, 2014 08:22 IST
IS releases beheading video of British aid worker
Agencies
AP This image made from video posted on the Internet by Islamic State militants and provided by the SITE Intelligence Group, a U.S. terrorism watchdog, shows British aid worker David Haines before he was beheaded.
TOPICS
act of terror
The Foreign Office said it was offering Haines’ family "every support possible."
Islamic State (IS) extremists released a video showing the beheading of British aid worker David Haines, who was abducted in Syria last year.
British Prime Minister David Cameron, who on late Saturday condemned this slaying as “an act of pure evil”, confirmed Haines’ death in a statement after the British Foreign Office had said earlier that it was “working urgently to verify the video.”
“We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes,” Mr.Cameron said.
Mr. Cameron returned to his residence at 10 Downing Street shortly after midnight and is expected to chair a meeting of the government’s emergency response committee on early Sunday.
The video emerged a day after Haines’ family issued a public plea on Friday urging his captors to contact them.
The Foreign Office said it was offering Haines’ family “every support possible.”
IS militants recently beheaded two American journalists , James Foley and Steven Sotloff, and posted the videos online after the U.S. began launching airstrikes and humanitarian missions in August to aid waning Iraqi and Kurdish security forces in northern Iraq. The IS group has also put out videos showing the beheading of Kurdish and Lebanese soldiers and the mass shooting of dozens of captured Syrian soldiers.
At the end of the video showing the beheading of Sotloff, the Islamic State group threatened to kill Haines next and briefly showed him on camera.
President Barack Obama issued a statement strongly condemning “the barbaric murder” of Haines by the Islamic State terrorist group.
“The United States stands shoulder to shoulder tonight with our close friend and ally in grief and resolve. We will work with the United Kingdom and a broad coalition of nations from the region and around the world to bring the perpetrators of this outrageous act to justice, and to degrade and destroy this threat to the people of our countries, the region and the world,” Mr. Obama said.
On Wednesday, Mr. Obama gave a nationally televised speech outlining a potential military campaign to “degrade and ultimately destroy” the IS militants that is likely to include training and equipping moderate Syrian rebels and Iraqi forces, providing intelligence, and expanding airstrikes against extremists in Iraq and potentially into Syria. Britain was among the initial group of countries joining the U.S.-led coalition to root out the IS extremists.
In the video showing Haines’ slaying, the group threatened to kill another British captive. Both British men were dressed in orange jumpsuits against an arid Syrian landscape, similar to that seen in the Foley and Sotloff videos.
The SITE Intelligence Group, a U.S. terrorism watchdog, reported the video, which was also posted online by users associated with the IS group.
Haines’ killer, who appeared to be the same masked man speaking with a British accent and brandishing a knife as in the previous videos, tells the British government that its alliance with the U.S. will only “accelerate destruction” and will drag the British people into “another bloody and unwinnable war”.
In the video, according to a transcript provided by SITE, Haines says that he holds Mr. Cameron “entirely responsible for my execution” because Britain has “voluntarily entered into a coalition with the United States against the Islamic state.”
The British government had managed to keep Haines’ kidnapping secret out of concern for his safety until the Sotloff beheading video identified him as a captive and the next victim.
On Friday, Haines’ family issued a public plea urging his captors to contact them.
In a short statement released through Britain’s Foreign and Commonwealth Office, the family said: “We are asking those holding David to make contact with us.”
IS actions trigger international fury
A video showing American journalist James Foley being beheaded was released on August 19, as a five-minute clip titled “A Message to America”. The group threatened to kill another U.S. journalist, Steven Sotloff, if President Obama did not halt his air strikes in Iraq. Read here
Senior While House Counterterrorism official Lisa Monaco said the rescue attempt undertaken by the Obama government “earlier this summer” ultimately failed because the hostages were not present at the location. Read here
A video showing IS beheading U.S. reporter Steven Sotloff was released on September 2, exactly two weeks after they disseminated on the Internet a similar gruesome video depicting the killing of another American journalist, James Foley. Read here
Secretary of State John Kerry said the U.S. would hold accountable those who murdered their citizens, “no matter how long it takes.” Read here
The US President emphasised that Washington will take the lead in a "broad coalition to roll back this terrorist threat." Read here

Apple s Digital Wallet to Kill Card SwipeExpect YouTube Tie-Up to Boost Revenue: Shemaroo
New York: Apple wants the plastic credit card to become as rare as the paper check.
On Tuesday, the company announced Apple Pay, a digital payment system that lets people pay for retail store purchases using their phones rather than cash or credit cards. The service, which will work both with iPhones and Apple's new Watch, is backed by a host of big retailers, along with most major banks and credit card issuers, including Visa, MasterCard and American Express.
So-called contactless payment isn't new. Starbucks, McDonald's, PayPal, Google and Square offer their own services, but only a small portion of customers use them. Some experts believe Apple Pay - with its presence on millions of iPhones and its advanced security features - could be the service that leads to widespread adoption of the digital wallet.
Citi Investment Research analyst Mark May believes the sum total of mobile payments could grow from $1 billion in 2013 to $58.4 billion by 2017.
Payment digitisation paints an enticing vision of shopping's future: simply tap your device against a checkout screen and walk away with your new shoes.
But despite the flashy Apple Pay launch, Apple faces challenges making that vision a reality. The company and other digital wallet providers must convince shoppers that the transactions are safe -especially in the wake of recent high-profile data breaches at Home Depot and Target. Meanwhile, the company must also make a case to retailers that it's worth it for them to invest in new point-of-sale systems.
Many US merchants still aren't sold on the idea. About 220,000 stores are set up to accept Apple Pay. That's only 5.5 per cent of the 3.6 million retail locations in the US, according to the National Retail Federation. The biggest US retailers, including Wal-Mart and Best Buy, are not participating in Apple Pay.
The main reason is cost. Each point-of-sale device, which uses something called near-field communication technology, costs hundreds of dollars, plus hours of worker training. And there's been little customer demand for the systems.
That may change now that Apple has entered the arena, Gartner analyst Avivah Litan says.
"There's no doubt young people want to use phones to make payments, but they have to have a place to pay," Ms Litan says. She predicts bigger retailers will see how well Apple partners like McDonald's do before they move into mobile payments.
"If it goes well at other retailers, Wal-Mart and other companies may break down and start taking it."
In countries such as Canada and the UK, contactless point-of-sale systems are widespread, and as a result, such payments are far more common. In Canada, for instance, about 20 per cent of transactions at registers processed by MasterCard are completed by contactless payment, according to MasterCard.
"What you learn from that is when consumers start 'tapping' two or three times, they never go back to their old behavior at that merchant. ... It's just a much better experience," says Ed McLaughlin, chief emerging payments officer at MasterCard.
One of the strengths of Apple Pay is its security. Its system uses the company's Touch ID fingerprint technology, a secure chip, and payments that require a one-time security code.
That kind of security - similar to the chip-and-pin credit card system used in Europe - would prevent the type of breaches that happened at Target and Home Depot. And it could be a compelling reason for retailers to adopt Apple Pay, Ms Litan says.
"If you get enough people using the service, it would cut down on retailers' security costs, and that's why over time it may really take off," she says.
Still, not everyone is convinced that swiping a credit or debit card is that much of an inconvenience in the first place. Bill Ready, head of next generation commerce at PayPal, points out that near-field communication has been around for 10 years without catching on.
His vision of the mobile payment future is more akin to an "e-commerce style transaction happening in the physical world", he says, citing the example of car-sharing service Uber, which works with PayPal to processes riders' payments by way of a mobile phone app.
"Uber addressed a real pain point, in that hailing a taxi and payment for a taxi is cumbersome," he says. "We're focused on those types of things more than killing the card swipe."
Even amid the differing visions, most experts agree that the march toward the digitization of payment will continue.
"Someone is going to figure out how to make mobile payments easy and cheap and then we're talking a real shift in consumer behavior," Gartner's Ms Litan says.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 12:53 (IST)

MH370 mystery: 58 hard objects found in Indian Oceanair and space accident
The Australia-led search team for the missing Malaysian plane MH370 has discovered 58 hard objects inconsistent with the Indian Ocean seabed, raising hopes of solving the over six months-long aviation mystery.
Transport Minister Liow Tiong Lai said the Joint Agency Coordination Centre (JACC) which is leading the search for the plane is currently in the midst of retrieving the objects to be analysed.
“We have only discovered 58 solid objects, but yet to learn if they are from (Malaysia Airlines) flight MH370. We have to verify whether the objects are the plane’s wreckage or hard rocks before coming to a conclusion,” he said in a press conference on Sunday.
Mr. Liow also said Malaysia’s Petronas will be deploying its “Go Phoenix” vessel to assist in the MH370 search mission at the southern Indian Ocean floor.
He said the asset, which is commonly used in oil exploration is expected to arrive in Perth on September 21.
“Go Phoenix will help in the search mission, alongside Australia’s Furgo Discovery ship to map the ocean floor,” Mr. Liow was quoted as saying by the New Strait Times.
The Beijing-bound Boeing 777-200 — carrying 239 people, including five Indians, an Indo-Canadian and 154 Chinese nationals — mysteriously vanished on March 8 en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur.
Earlier this month, the Australian authority leading the search for the plane said that “hard spots” had been found on the Indian Ocean seabed, but that most would likely be geological features.
Experts are conducting a sonar survey of a remote patch of the southern Indian Ocean, an area never previously explored in such detail, in preparation for an underwater search for the plane.
The Australian Transport Safety Bureau had said the sonar search had provided information on the depth of the water and the composition of the sea floor in the search zone.
Last month Australian Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss said the ongoing mapping of the ocean floor had already uncovered “quite remarkable” geographical features, including the discovery of new volcanoes up to 2,000 metres high.
Six months after the jet disappeared in the Indian Ocean, aviation experts are still clueless over the world’s greatest aviation mystery.
The search operation, described by Australian officials as the largest in history, has so far turned up no debris from the plane.

India s Richest Eye Slice of Alibaba IPOYou are here: Home Corporates
Indian Funds, High Net Worth Individuals Eye Slice of Alibaba IPO
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 14, 2014 19:22 (IST)
Expect YouTube Tie-Up to Boost Revenue: Shemaroo
New Delhi: High net worth individuals and domestic funds from India are eyeing a slice of the much-touted mega IPO (initial public offering) of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, which is looking to raise $21.1 billion (Rs 1.26 lakh crore at 1 dollar = 60 rupees).
Alibaba, founded by Chinese entrepreneur Jack Ma in his apartment, has garnered huge investor interest and appears set to exceed Visa Inc's $19.7 billion IPO in 2008, which is the biggest US initial offering to date.
High net worth individuals and fund managers in India have sounded out homegrown brokers to place orders with foreign financial partners to enable transactions when the IPO opens which could be as soon as next week, senior executives at various investment banking and brokerage firms said.
Alibaba and shareholders are offering over 32 crore American depositary shares (ADS), valuing the company at over $160 billion.
While US underwriters for a big issue give priority to large clients, many high net worth individuals and funds are making all efforts to get some shares in the IPO.
The highly anticipated IPO of Alibaba, which runs internet-based e-commerce businesses including B2B online web portals, is seeing robust global interest in line with Facebook Inc's IPO - the biggest tech IPO so far.
Alibaba stock will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the symbol 'BABA'. With most big IPOs seeing a decent pop on debut, investors are keen on getting some shares in Alibaba even if at higher end of price band ($66/share).
Indian investors can invest in Alibaba IPO via overseas trading accounts and some brokerages offer the facility to invest in various stocks that are traded on US exchanges, market sources said.
A strong rupee has emboldened Reserve Bank of India to relax some of the foreign exchange-related restrictions including the individual overseas remittance limit of $75,000 per year which has been hiked to $125,000. These investments can include stocks.
Alibaba.com was the company's first online commerce platform, launched in 1999. Alibaba.com is a leading English-language wholesale platform focused on supporting global trade.
Sellers on Alibaba.com are typically manufacturers and distributors based in China and other manufacturing countries such as India, Pakistan, the United States and Thailand, according to the company's offer document.
"Buyers on Alibaba.com are located in numerous countries all over the world, with the United States, India and Brazil being among the leading countries. Buyers are typically SMEs engaged in the import and export business, trade agents, and wholesalers, retailers and manufacturing companies," the document adds.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 18:47 (IST)

After beheading  Cameron says: They are not Muslims  they are monstersBritain's Prime Minister, David Cameron, makes a statement to the media on the killing of British aid worker David Haines in Downing Street, central London, Sunday Sept. 14, 2014. (Source: AP)
Reuters | London | Posted: September 14, 2014 8:29 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 1:16 am
The beheading of a British aid worker by the dreaded Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) was described Sunday by Prime Minister David Cameron as an act of “pure evil” even as Britain confirmed that the video showing the gruesome killing was genuine.
The 44-year-old aid worker David Haines was seized in Syria in 2013 and was being held by ISiS militants who have already killed two US journalists.
The Foreign Office here in a statement said, “All the signs are that the video is genuine”.
The latest video showing his killing also includes a threat to kill a second British hostage, identified as Alan Henning. Cameron vowed to do everything possible to find the killers.
The emergence of the footage late Saturday night saw Cameron return to Downing Street after midnight.
He chaired a meeting of the government’s emergency committee Cobra early Sunday and issued a statement afterwards saying the killing would not change Britain’s strategy against the ISIS.
“It is an act of pure evil. My heart goes out to the family of David Haines who have shown extraordinary courage and fortitude throughout this ordeal,” he said. “We will do everything in our power to hunt down these murderers and ensure they face justice, however long it takes,” he added.
“They are not Muslims, they are monsters,” Cameron said.
He described Haines, 44, as a “British hero”, and praised the “extraordinary courage” of his family.
Haines’s family said he would be “missed terribly”.
“David was most alive and enthusiastic in his humanitarian roles. His joy and anticipation for the work he went to do in Syria is for myself and family the most important element of this whole sad affair,” his brother Mike Haines said in a statement released through the Foreign Office.
But while Cameron asserted that “we have to confront this menace”, he added that this will not involve direct British involvement in the US-led armed intervention in Iraq against the ISIS.
Britain is instead playing a supporting role to the US, providing transport and supplies.
US President Barack Obama also condemned the “barbaric murder” of Haines which in recent weeks has killed two American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff in the same manner.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Haines’s murder was “further demonstration that this particular terrorist group does not just do evil, but exults in doing evil”.
The French presidency said in statement that, “The heinous murder of David Haines shows once again how the international community must mobilise immediately against the ISIS.”
The ISIS, which seeks to establish an Islamic Caliphate across the continued…
They are not Muslims, they are monsters.
Related

Now toilets scheme for urban areasPrint
Written by Vijaita Singh | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 2:58 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 9:02 am
After unveiling a plan for toilets in rural areas, the NDA government has decided to extend the project in cities and towns.
The Urban Development ministry is working on an ambitious project that will ensure toilets to all the people living in urban areas.
The scheme is likely to benefit slum dwellers and people living in unauthorised colonies who do not have access to basic sanitation facilities.
According to the latest National Sample Survey Office (NSSO) data, nearly 12 per cent of urban population still does not have access to toilets and the government will give an assistance of Rs 10,000 per family to build toilets near their homes.
“We are giving final shape to the proposal of building toilets also in urban areas, specially slums. We will be soon moving the Cabinet and disbursing the money required to build toilets to each household through the states,” said Shankar Aggarwal, secretary, Urban Development.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has already invited suggestions for the Swachh Bharat Mission to be launched on October 2 on Mahatma Gandhi’s birthday.
A senior UD ministry official said the plan to build toilets in urban areas will be done through the state governments.
“The states will be an important part of the scheme. The money allocated by the Centre will not be directly given out to households. There will be active state participation where we will give them incentives to encourage people with no access to toilets to build one,” said a senior official.
The government is also looking at innovative technologies to build toilets that do not occupy much space.
“A survey will be done through each municipal body and people will be made aware about the government’s scheme. The local municipal corporation will (also) be involved. There will be another layer of checks and balances to see the money is not misused or is embezzled. All these things are under consideration,” said an official.
Related

J-K floods: Rescued newborn waits for parents to claim herComments
When flood waters came gushing into Srinagar's GB Pant Hospital on September 7, the doctors had no time to lose.
There were 300 children admitted in the hospital, of which at least 80 were in the critical care unit. With no power supply and backup generators under water in the ground floor, the doctors sent an SOS to the 92 Base Hospital in nearby Badami Bagh Cantonment of the Indian Army.
In the evening, amid cold winds and rising water, 80 children from the critical care unit were rescued by doctors and army personnel on their laps and taken in boats.
Among them was a week-old girl from Gundemogsud village in Baramulla.
Suffering from septic infection and hypothermia, she was immediately put under a radiant warmer to maintain her body temperature. But a week after the floods, she is still waiting for her father Riyaz Ahmed, who brought her to the hospital, to take her home.
"Her father told us he is going to look for other members of his family but has not come back. We do not know her name. But her condition is now stable. Since her mother is not with her, we are feeding her through a bottle every two hours and three paediatricians are checking on her," said Major AK Gupta, the paediatrician at the army hospital.
Though the police have been informed, there is no information yet about her parents.
Amid rumours that few infants admitted in the GB Pant Hospital died in the floods, the army and state health authorities claimed nearly 300 children were rescued over three days.
While those under critical care were admitted, others were sent to hospitals such as SKIMS and Kashmir Nursing Home which were functional.
Jammu and Kashmir principal secretary for health, G Hussain, said there have been no casualties in hospitals because of the floods.
"The few deaths have been the ones that normally occur in hospitals," said Hussain.

Diplomatic push grows against Islamic State groupPrint
Iraq President Fouad Massoum, right, followed by Iraq Foreign Minister Ibrahim Al-Jaafari, left, arrive with Iraqi officials at Orly airport south of Paris, France, Sunday, Sept. 14, 2014 ahead of a conference with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, French President Francois Hollande and diplomats from around the world. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Paris | Posted: September 15, 2014 9:31 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 4:22 pm
The leaders of France and Iraq Monday urged swift action against Islamic State militants, with President Francois Hollande warning there was “no time to lose” as he opened an international conference to shore up an anti-jihadist coalition.
“The fight of the Iraqis against terrorism is our fight as well,” Hollande told representatives from around 30 countries and organisations, urging “clear, loyal and strong” global support for Iraq.
Iraqi President Fuad Masum also stressed the urgency of firm action, as the beheading of a third Western hostage in the run-up to the conference stepped up the pressure on the international community to destroy the Islamic State (IS) extremist group.
“They need to act quickly because if there is a delay, if this campaign and this support for Iraq is delayed, maybe Daesh will occupy other territories and their threat will be even bigger,” said Masum, using an alternative name for IS.
“We are still asking for regular aerial operations against terrorist sites. We have to pursue them wherever they are. We need to dry up their sources of finance,” added the Iraqi leader.
As if to underscore the urgency of the campaign, France announced just hours ahead of the conference that it was joining Britain in carrying out reconnaissance flights in support of the US air campaign against the jihadists.
“This very morning, the first reconnaissance flights will be carried out in agreement with the Iraqi and Emiratiauthorities,” Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told French troops, including pilots, at the Al-Dhafra base in the United Arab Emirates.
Shortly afterwards, two French Rafale fighter jets took off from the base, an AFP correspondent reported.
During the conference, US Secretary of State John Kerry will seek to fine-tune the strategy of the US-led coalition against IS, following a marathon tour through the Middle East to drum up support.
He told CBS’s Face the Nation that “all bases were covered” in the coalition with some allies offering air strikes and others boots on the ground.
He stressed however that “we are not looking for that at this moment anyway.”
“Every single aspect of the president’s strategy, and what is needed to be done in order to accomplish our goal, has been offered by one country or multiple countries, and all bases are covered,” Kerry said.

Economy to grow at 5.6% in FY15  says FicciEconomy to grow at 5.6 per cent in current fiscal, says FICCI
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 11:37 IST
Photo: Reuters
India's GDP will grow at 5.6 per cent during 2014-15 and economic activity is expected to continue with this momentum in the second half of the current fiscal, Ficci said on Sunday.
"The new government guided by the objective of restoring growth and governance has given very positive policy signals in its first 100 days. We see the confidence amongst investors slowly returning and hope that going ahead, the momentum on implementation front will build up," said the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry's (Ficci) latest Economic Outlook Survey.
While agricultural growth is expected to remain steady despite a delay in monsoon, the industrial sector is expected to grow by 4.7 per cent in 2014-15 fiscal.
This is 1.6 percentage points more than the growth estimate in the previous survey round conducted in June 2014, the chamber said.
Retail inflation is expected at 7.8 per cent this fiscal, in sync with the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) target indicated earlier this year.
The economists who participated in the survey also felt that the RBI will consider a cut in policy rates only in the first quarter of the next calendar year.
The RBI will wait and watch until there were definite signs of inflationary pressure abating, they said.
The minimum and maximum range for GDP growth in the current fiscal is indicated at 5.3 and 6 per cent respectively, as against 5.3 estimated in the previous round, reflecting optimism, Ficci said.
The projection by the economists regarding exports and the current account deficit (CAD) reflected no imminent risks. The CAD to GDP ratio for the fiscal was projected at 1.9 per cent.
The economists also identified some priority areas for the government like developing a world-class infrastructure, ensuring uninterrupted power supply, resolving labour issues and minimising procedural hassles and fast-tracking approvals.

RBI chief says investment growth needs to pick upRBI chief says investment growth needs to pick up
Neha Dasgupta     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 11:47 IST
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan (Photo: Reuters)
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said India's macroeconomic indicators are improving and inflation has been coming down consistent with the central bank's forecast, but the economy needs investment growth to pick up.
Rajan, however, said Friday's industrial output and inflation  data suggested that recovery was "uneven."
Output from mines, utilities and factories grew by a much slower-than-expected 0.5 per cent year-on-year, government data showed on Friday, down from June's revised 3.9 percent rise.
Retail inflation , which the RBI tracks for setting lending rates, edged down marginally to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent a month earlier.
(Reuters)

Insurance cos to get much-needed capital from higher FDI:Malvinder Mohan SinghNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

Scientists invent device that uses a magnet to clean bad blood#blood #magnets #ebola #research #medical research
Paris: Scientists said on Sunday they had invented a device that uses a magnet to extract bacteria, fungi and toxins from blood, potentially throwing a lifeline to patients with sepsis and other infections.
The external gadget - tested so far in rats but not yet humans - could be adapted one day for stripping Ebola and other viruses from blood, they hoped.
Acting rather like a spleen, the invention uses magnetic nanobeads coated with a genetically-engineered human blood protein called MBL.
The external gadget - tested so far in rats but not yet humans - could be adapted one day for stripping Ebola and other viruses from blood. ( Red blood cells , via Shutterstock)
The MBL binds to pathogens and toxins, which can then be "pulled out" with a magnet, the developers wrote in the journal Nature Medicine.
The "bio-spleen" was developed to treat sepsis, or blood infection, which affects 18 million people in the world every year, with a 30-50 per cent mortality rate.
The microbes that cause it are often resistant to antibiotics, and spread fast.
If the invention is shown to be safe for humans, "patients could be treated with our bio-spleen and this will physically clean up their blood, rapidly removing a wide spectrum of live pathogens as well as dead fragments and toxins from the blood," study co-author Donald Ingber told AFP.
The cleansed blood is then returned to the circulatory system.
"This treatment could be carried out even before the pathogen has been formally identified and the optimal antibiotic treatment has been chosen," said Ingber, of Harvard University, Massachusetts.
The MBL protein is known to bind to the Ebola virus "and so it potentially might be useful for treatment of these patients," said Ingber in an email exchange.
"We potentially could treat patients with this bio-spleen during the most infectious, viraemic phase of the disease and reduce the amount of virus in their blood."
MBL has also been reported to bind to the Marburg and HIV viruses.
In live rats infected with the notorious bugs Staphylococcus aureus or Escherichia coli, the device removed 90 per cent of bacteria from the blood, said the study.
"When we injected rats with a lethal dose of LPS endotoxin (a bacteria type)... we found that we could significantly improve animal survival" with the bio-spleen, it said.
Tests with human blood in the lab also showed the bio-spleen cleaned out multiple species of bacteria, fungi and toxins.
Years of testing in larger animals and then in humans lie ahead before the bio-spleen can be approved, Ingber cautioned.

Saradha group guilty of running ponzi scheme: SFIOSaradha Group guilty of running ponzi scheme, to face prosecution: SFIO
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 13:53 IST
Photo: Reuters
Completing its probe into the 'chit fund scam' of 14 Saradha group firms, SFIO on Monday said these companies have been found to be running 'ponzi schemes' and would face prosecution for violation of several laws.
The investigation concluded that the group was using collections from new investors to make payments to the previously-enrolled members, rather than from income generated through investments, in typical resemblance to a ponzi scheme.
Among others, the activities of these companies were found to be in serious violations of the Companies Act, the Sebi Act, and several provisions of the Indian Penal Code, the Corporate Affairs Ministry said in a statement on completion of the SFIO probe .
The Ministry said those companies which have been found to have violated the Sebi regulations for 'collective investment schemes' would be prosecuted for violation of Sebi Act, instead of the Companies Act, as the former carried longer terms of imprisonment.
Besides, prosecution would also be initiated by the state governments for violations of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Scheme (Banning) Act, while the probe report and necessary evidence would be shared with CBI to avoid duplication in prosecutions.
The scam, wherein lakhs of investors in West Bengal and neighbouring states were defrauded of thousands of crores through illegal money pooling activities, came to light early last year and has also had its political ramifications.
The case has also become a political hot potato with Mamata Banerjee-led West Bengal government facing flak from various quarters.
The companies, their promoters, directors and managerial personnel have been found guilty on many counts of various provisions of the Companies Act dealing with illegal collection of deposits and false statements, etc, it said.
 
Several instances of violation of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act, 1978 have also been found.
As prosecution under this law are to be initiated by the State Governments concerned, the Report along with evidence is being shared with the CBI. The Report is also being shared with Sebi for proceeding against companies which were found to be running unauthorised/ illegal Collective Investment Schemes (CIS), the government said.
It said that the Serious Fraud Investigation Office also found evidence of violation of several provisions of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Such Sections are 107 (Abetment of Crime), 120B (Criminal Conspiracy), 403 (Dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (Criminal breach of trust), 409 (Criminal breach of trust by public servant), 415 (Cheating), 418 (Cheating with knowledge that wrongful loss will be caused), 419 (Punishment for cheating by personation) and 477A (Falsification of accounts).
Since, CBI is now investigating cases under the IPC under orders of the Supreme Court, it has been decided to share evidence collected by the SFIO with CBI so as to avoid duplication in prosecutions, the government said.
In the wake of public protests, the Ministry also asked SFIO in April 2013 to probe the case.
The agency, which looks into white collar crimes and violations of companies law, investigated more than 60 companies in this regard.
The probe agency had questioned many people including leaders from the Trinamool Congress party, while Saradha Group chief Sudipta Sen and some others were put behind the bars.
An interim report was submitted by SFIO in September 2013. Sebi had also passed an order against Saradha Realty in April last year, soon after massive protests by public investors began in West Bengal. The company was asked by Sebi to refund the investors' money, among other strictures.

August inflation eases to nearly 5-year low of 3.74%Comments
India’s wholesale inflation rate plunged to 3.74% in August, the lowest in almost five years, aided by a sharp drop in vegetable and petrol prices, data released Monday showed.
The more than one percentage point drop in wholesale inflation rates over July’s 5.19%, should bring cheer to the NDA government that rode to a landslide election victory promising to bring down prices of essentials as part of its poll pledge to usher in `Aachen din’ (Good days).
It was also the lowest since 1.79% of October 2009, a period when demand for goods fell sharply battered by the worst global recession in 80 years.
Besides, with crude oil prices falling to two-year low of $97 dollar a barrel, expect retail petrol and diesel prices to come down further.
Wholesale food inflation, a measure of how costly the platter has become, grew 5.15% compared to the previous month’s 8.43%. Wholesale vegetable prices fell 4.88% in August on a year-on-year basis, while onion prices plunged 41%.
Prices of protein-rich food items such as pulses, milk, and fruits have risen faster that overall food prices growing at 7.81%, 12.18% and 20.31% in August.
As the tens of millions of people shift to higher standards of living, the focus is changing from basic needs of nutrition to such as rice and coarse grains to more aspirational protein-rich products, a trend that economists describe as structural inflation.
`Manufactured products inflation’—a broad index to gauge price movements of industrial goods—was only marginally lower at 3.45% in August compared to July’s 3.67%, but significantly higher than last August’s 2.31%.
In the current context, high manufactured products’ inflation implies greater demand and sales of consumer and investment goods, mirroring revival signs in the Indian economy that is battling to claw out of a quarter-century slump.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has made taming inflation one of its top priorities, despite business leaders clamouring for rate cuts.
"I have no desire to keep interest rates high for even a second longer. I want to bring down interest rates when it is feasible and that would be when we have won the fight against inflation," Rajan said in Mumbai.
"There is no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation pick-up again," Rajan said, adding that right now he thinks the central bank is continuing the way it proposed recently.
Retail inflation eased in August to 7.8% year-on-year from 7.96% the previous month, data showed last week, although that is still above the central bank's target of 6% by 2016.
Industry leaders have been ratecthing up their demand for lower borrowing costs to assist investment plans, critical to spin jobs and multiply income.
“Coming shortly before the monetary policy, this (low inflation rate) should also provide the necessary maneuvering space to the RBI, “ said Chandrajit Banerjee, CII director general.
Analysts, however, cautioned that the time to open the bubbly may be still far away as part of the fall in wholesale inflation, is also because of a high base effect—a statistical phenomenon that magnifies small changes, although the real fall may not be very large.
The rupee’s value—it fell 48 paise to close at 61.13 to a dollar on Monday—can also partly offset the gains from falling crude oil prices.
Every time the rupee depreciates by one rupee against the US dollar, the fuel subsidy bill bloats by Rs. 8000 crore is added to the fuel subsidy bill.
“It remains to be seen how agricultural produce prices move from here on and particularly in the October – November ’14 period given the monsoon this year has been delayed and largely subdued.
We do not expect any change in RBI’s policy stance later this month and thereby expect the repo rate to be status-quo at 8%,” Care Ratings, a credit ratings agency, said in a research report.

India s first ever eCabinet in Andhra Pradesh#andhra pradesh #ecabinet #technology #laptop
Hyderabad: For the first time ever in the country, Andhra Pradesh government had its first paperless eCabinet meeting on Monday. Using the app, eCabinet, the ministers accessed the entire agenda of the Cabinet meeting in electronic form.
In the eCabinet, data can be accessed by ministers by logging into the app on their laptops or iPads. The ministers have to use passwords to access data.
The features of the app prevent the user from sharing it with anyone. Also, there is safety to the data as it is password-protected unlike in the conventional method where papers could easily be taken away from the member of the Cabinet by anyone.
In the eCabinet, data can be accessed by ministers by logging into the app on their laptops or iPads.

Online marketplace for preventive health check-ups Healthians.com... Around 60% of family businesses seeking external finance for growth:...Online marketplace for preventive health check-ups Healthians.com... Around 60% of family businesses seeking external finance for growth:...
BJP looks to tag Mamata Banerjee corrupt  TMC s Mukul Roy uses  quit  wordNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

Top buzzing stocks of Sep 15Sep 15, 2014, 01.10 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Top buzzing stocks of Sep 15
Here are the top buzzing stocks of Sep 15 -Fortis healthcare, Mastek, Nitesh Estates, Just dial, Cipla.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Top buzzing stocks of Sep 15
Here are the top buzzing stocks of Sep 15 -Fortis healthcare, Mastek, Nitesh Estates, Just dial, Cipla.
Post your opinion here

Sensex remains below 27000; midcap  smallcap outperformSep 15, 2014, 03.47 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex falls 244 pts, Nifty ends below 8050; pharma steady
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained 0.4 percent and 0.77 percent, respectively. Advancing shares outnumbered declining ones by a ratio of 1707 to 1223 on the BSE.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex falls 244 pts, Nifty ends below 8050; pharma steady
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained 0.4 percent and 0.77 percent, respectively. Advancing shares outnumbered declining ones by a ratio of 1707 to 1223 on the BSE.
Post your opinion here
Live Market Commentary
03:30 Market closing:
After a tough struggle, the market ended on a lower note. The Sensex was down 244.48 points or 0.9 percent at 26816.56 and the Nifty slipped 63.50 points or 0.8 percent at 8042.00. About 1750 shares advanced, 1310 shares declined, and 96 shares were unchanged.
Cipla, Hero, Dr Reddy's Labs, HDFC Bank and Infosys were top gainers while Hindalco, Tata Steel, ONGC, Sesa Sterlite and Coal India were among the laggards.
02:55pm Atlas Cycle in demand
Atlas Cycle rallied 8 percent after Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav announced exemption of VAT for bicycles costing less than Rs 3,500.
"A large number of population in the state uses bicycles as their mode of conveyance specially farmers, labourers, students and the poor people and is used in both urban and rural areas," a press release quoting the Chief Minister said here.
"It is most necessary to give impetus to the economic growth of poor and weaker sections of society", he said while deciding to remove VAT on bicycles costing less than Rs 3,500.
Therefore, keeping in view the welfare of these sections, the state government has decided to lower the cost of bicycles", he said.
The Chief Minister said bicycle is also a mode of travel which is pollution free and helps in fitness, reports PTI.
02:40pm Shipping stocks on buyers' radar
ABG Shipyard, Essar Shipping and GE Shipping rallied more than 7 percent followed by Bharati Shipyard, Shipping Corporation, Shreyas Shipping and Varun Shipping with 3.5-5 percent.
Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari says the cabinet note on shipbuilding policy is ready.
02:30pm Lupin at record high
Shares of Lupin hit a record high of Rs 1,386 on the Bombay Stock Exchange on a media report that the company is in advanced talks to sign a blockbuster deal with Merck Serono.
As part of the deal, Lupin will manufacture Merck Serono's USD 1.5 billion worth branded mature drugs at its facilities, a media report said quoting unnamed sources.
Meanwhile, Citi says business development remains a core part of Lupin's growth strategy, with the latest deal (Salix) providing it a good foothold in Canada.
Lupin on last Friday entered into a definitive agreement with Salix Pharmaceuticals. Under this agreement, Salix granted Lupin the exclusive right to market, distribute and sell certain Salix products in Canada.
02:20pm Rupee weakens further
Indian rupee is trading at 61.10 a dollar, down 45 paise compared to Friday's close.
Brokerage house Emkay Share & Stock Brokers feels a combination of global events, slower-than-expected GDP growth and a fairly valued rupee could drag the currency down to 63-64 to the dollar over the next six months.
In the last few months, the dollar has strengthened against developing market currencies, mainly the Euro, due to the diverging monetary policies being followed by the US Fed and the ECB.
The dollar index has been now climbing for 9 weeks in a row and is currently trading above 84, with the US dollar quoting close to a six-year high against the Japanese.
But the strength in emerging market currencies is unlikely to sustain, and a trend reversal is on the cards, feels Dhananjay Sinha, Head of Research, Emkay.
02:10pm Inflation at 5-year low
Inflation data based on wholesale price index (WPI) for August hit a five-year low at 3.74 percent courtesy declining vegetable prices and other food articles. August WPI inflation stood at 5.19 percent in July. A CNBC-TV18 poll estimated it to be at 4.1 percent.
Food inflation in August hit a lowest level since January 2012. It eased to 5.15 percent versus 8.43 percent on a month-on-month (MoM) basis. Vegetable prices contracted 4.88 percent.
Further, August fuel inflation also hit a five-year low with the fuel and power group inflation declining to 4.54 percent versus 7.40 percent (MoM).
02:00pm Equity benchmarks continued to reel under selling pressure with the Sensex declining 194.86 points to 26866.18 and the Nifty falling 54.45 points to 8051.05 despite fall in inflation but the broader markets outperform.
The BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices gained 0.4 percent and 0.77 percent, respectively. Advancing shares outnumbered declining ones by a ratio of 1707 to 1223 on the BSE.
Shares of TCS, HDFC, ITC, Reliance Industries, ONGC, Infosys, Larsen and Toubro, ICICI Bank, Mahindra and Mahindra, Tata Motors and Axis Bank rallied 0.7-1.8 percent.
Jindal Steel and Hindalco Industries remained top losers, down 3-4 percent while Cipla kept its top position in the buying list, up 2.5 percent followed by Hero Motocorp with 1.5 percent. HDFC Bank, SBI, BHEL, and Dr Reddy's Labs advanced 0.4-0.6 percent.
 
In the midcap space, GSFC, Trent, Zydus Wellness, Fortis Healthcare and ABG Shipyard surged 8-11 percent while HMT, Tilak Finance, Kaveri Seed, Bhushan Steel and Jaypee Infra lost 4-7 percent.
Among smallcaps, NDTV, Minda Industries, MBL Infra, Hubtown and Zensar Tech jumped 11-20 percent whereas PFL Infotech, Signet Industries, Pearl Agri, Swadeshi Industries and Sanghi Industries slipped 5-20 percent.
13:00

Air France flights to Bangalore  Delhi  Mumbai cancelled on account of strikeAir France flights to Bangalore, Delhi, Mumbai cancelled on account of strike
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
Air France flights from Bangalore, Delhi and Mumbai to Paris were cancelled on Monday and could be affected till September 22 following a strike call given by several of the airline's pilots' unions.
The strike has been called to protest the airline decision to shift jobs and operations to low-cost carriers so that the airline is in a better position to face competition. On the first day of the strike, the airline said it expects to operate 48 per cent of its flights.
In a statement the airline said passengers booked on Air France flights from Delhi and Mumbai were being accommodated on KLM and other partner airlines from these two cities.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

5 tips for the best ROI for your social media marketingNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

Train services partially resume in Kashmir ValleyPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 02:35 PM IST
Train services partially resume in Kashmir Valley
Services commence between Srinagar and Baramulla, say officials
Railways today partially resumed train services in Kashmir Valley following restoration of tracks damaged by flood waters.
Train services commenced between Srinagar and Baramulla, said a senior Northern Railway official.
The first train departed from Budgam at 12 noon to Baramulla and will commence its return service to Srinagar and thereon.
"Efforts are in full swing to restore the rail traffic in the remaining parts of the Kashmir Valley," he said.
The services were disrupted for 11 days as the tracks were damaged due to flooding following incessant rains, the official said, adding that at some places people had taken shelter near railway tracks and rail premises.
Northern Railway has taken several measures for people stranded in flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir, like running special trains from Katra, Udhampur and Jammu to different parts of the country and attaching extra coaches to regular services.
Arrangements have also been made for free transportation of relief material by trains to Jammu and Udhampur.
A special train was made operational from Jammu to Indore via New Delhi to clear stranded passengers and extra coaches were being added to regular trains as per requirement, he said.
Railways was also facilitating their journey to places like Islampur, Allahabad, Araria Cantt, Bettiah, Katihar, Lalganj, Narkatiaganj, Purania, Kiahanganj, Darbhanga, Bugha, Malda Town and Jogbani.
Northern Railway, along with NGOs and gurudwaras, is providing food free of cost to the stranded passengers at these stations. Railways doctors, along with medical teams, are also attending to those in need.
Exclusive waiting rooms have been earmarked for their use at New Delhi Station.
"In case of onward journey requirement from New Delhi and any other assistance, passengers can contact Station Manager (mobile no. 9717648892) and Deputy Station Manager (9717631960)," the official said.
Help desks have also been set up at Jammu, Udhampur and Katra railway stations for the convenience of passengers. A special help desk of railways has also been set up at T-3 terminal of Indira Gandhi Airport in Delhi.
Top Stories

Satyam case: All accused directed to appear in court on Oct 27Press Trust of India |  Hyderabad Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 02:10 PM IST
Satyam case: All accused directed to appear in court on Oct 27
The court has not given any date for the judgement
A local court trying the case of multi-crore accounting fraud in erstwhile Satyam Computer Services Limited (SCSL) today ordered all the accused to appear before it on October 27.
The court has not given any date for judgement, CBI special public prosecutor K Surender said.
The ten accused in the case include Satyam Computers founder and former chairman B Ramalinga Raju, his brother and Satyam's former MD B Rama Raju, ex-CFO Vadlamani Srinivas, former PwC auditors Subramani Gopalakrishnan and T Srinivas, Raju's another brother B Suryanarayana Raju, former employees G Ramakrishna, D Venkatpathi Raju and Ch Srisailam, and Satyam's former internal chief auditor V S Prabhakar Gupta.
The trial in Satyam fraud case had concluded in the second half of June before the special court, which examined 216 witnesses and marked 3,038 documents during the course of the hearing.
Touted as the country's biggest accounting fraud, the scam came to light on January 7, 2009, after Raju allegedly confessed to manipulating his company's account books and inflating profits over many years to the tune of several crores of rupees.
Raju was arrested by the Crime Investigation Department of Andhra Pradesh Police two days later along with his brother.
In February that year, CBI took over the investigation and filed three charge sheets (on April 7, 2009, November 24, 2009 and January 7, 2010), which were later clubbed into one.
Raju and others were charged with offences ranging from cheating, criminal conspiracy, forgery, breach of trust, under relevant sections of IPC, by way of inflating invoices and incomes, account falsification, faking fixed deposits, besides allegedly falsifying returns through violation of various I-T laws.
During the trial, the CBI alleged that the scam caused a loss of Rs 14,000 crore to Satyam shareholders, while the defence countered the charges, saying the accused were not responsible for the fraud and all the documents filed by the central agency relating to the case were fabricated and not according to law.
Top Stories

Why Android One is no big deal for India | Live UpdatesIs Google's Android One still a big deal for India?
By Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau | 16 Sep, 2014, 04.31AM IST
It's a tough battle and Google needs to step up the Android One game. There is nothing that sets these devices apart anymore. (In pic: Karbonn Sparkle V)
ET SPECIAL:
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
When Android One was announced by Google earlier this year, it seemed like a step that would revolutionise the entry-level smartphone market. Android One would deliver the latest version of Android to the consumer and minimum hardware specifications would be set by Google for optimum performance. Android One smartphones had to have a 4.5-inch display, dual SIM support, expandable storage and dual cameras - and all of this was promised for less than US$ 100 (Rs 6,500 roughly).
Today, Android One devices have been launched in India by three brands - Karbonn, Micromax and Spice. All three are priced less than Rs 7,000 and stick to the requirements set by Google. However, times have changed since the first announcement - there is nothing that sets these devices apart anymore.
Image of a Micromax Canvas A1
Back in June, the entry-level smartphone market was just opening up. Motorola launched its Moto E in May 2014 for Rs 6,999. Moto E delivered the latest Android OS on a 4.3-inch display powered by a dual core Snapdragon 200, 1GB RAM and expandable storage. Micromax followed suit with the Unite 2 - a phone running Android 4.4 on a 4.7-inch display for the same price that was powered by a quad core processor. In a nutshell, what Google had promised was already available at the time of announcement and was already selling like hot cakes.
Come August, Xiaomi announced the launch of their Redmi 1S in India. The phone offers a 4.7-inch 720p HD display (higher resolution than Android One), a Qualcomm quad core processor (future Android One phones will have Qualcomm - currently, only Mediatek), 1GB RAM, expandable storage and a really good 8MP camera for Rs 5,999! XIaomi's MIUI interface offers a richer user experience than stock Android with its nifty set of enhancements. Flipkart sold 40,000 units in less than 3 seconds in both of the flash sales they have conducted so far for the Redmi 1S.
So now, it seems that Android One devices are more expensive than the Redmi offer lower specifications. One could also argue that the three Android One devices are more or less identical in specifications except for colour and branding. The only clear advanatage is that Android One will have software updates pushed by Google as soon as they are available for the next two years - similar to the Nexus range of Google devices.
However, for most Indian users, being the first to get the latest Android software update is not a big priority. They would probably prefer a value-for-money device that gives them good performance, a bigger screen, excellent battery life and a good camera. All of which is already available from phones by Motorola, Asus, Xiaomi and Micromax. It's a tough battle and Google needs to step up the Android One game.

VAT to be exempted on cycle costing less than Rs 3500 in UPSep 15, 2014, 02.42 PM IST  | Source: PTI
VAT to be exempted on cycle costing less than Rs 3500 in UP
"A large number of population in the state uses bicycles as their mode of conveyance specially farmers, labourers, students and the poor people and is used in both urban and rural areas," a press release quoting the Chief Minister said here.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
VAT to be exempted on cycle costing less than Rs 3500 in UP
"A large number of population in the state uses bicycles as their mode of conveyance specially farmers, labourers, students and the poor people and is used in both urban and rural areas," a press release quoting the Chief Minister said here.
Post your opinion here
 
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav today announced exemption of VAT for bicycles costing less than Rs 3,500.
"A large number of population in the state uses bicycles as their mode of conveyance specially farmers, labourers, students and the poor people and is used in both urban and rural areas," a press release quoting the Chief Minister said here.
"It is most necessary to give impetus to the economic growth of poor and weaker sections of society", he said while deciding to remove VAT on bicycles costing less than Rs 3,500.
Therefore, keeping in view the welfare of these sections, the state government has decided to lower the cost of bicycles", he said.
The Chief Minister said bicycle is also a mode of travel which is pollution free and helps in fitness.
RELATED NEWS

My father has a mind of his own: Manmohan Singh s daughter on memoir#manmohan singh #daman singh #book #memoir
New Delhi: Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has to make up his mind whether or not he wants to write his autobiography, his daughter Daman Singh has said.
"My father has a mind of his own. I am sure whether he writes would depend on whether he feels it would be an exciting thing to do," Daman Singh said at a event to mark the publication of her book titled "Strictly Personal: Manmohan and Gursharan" on Sunday evening.
The book, "a tough job" begins with early days of Manmohan Singh and his wife Gursharan Kaur in the 1930s ending in the year 2004. Places like Amritsar, Patiala, Hoshiarpur, Chandigarh, Oxford, Cambridge, New York, Geneva, Mumbai and New Delhi, where the author's parents spent much of their lives, have been featured in the book.
The author also showed a handful of slides containing photographs of the former Prime Minister, including those of his wife and daughters' families.
Daman, who had written two novels prior to this book said biographies by three authors - Vikram Seth, Syliva Nasar and MJ Akabar had helped her make up her mind to write about her parents in an "affectionate and honest" manner.
"'True Lives' by Seth is a beautiful account which made a big impact on me. The second book is by Sylvia Nadar on the mathematician John Nash. The third is a biography by MJ Akbar on Nehru. This biography I believe was fascinating because it gave such a personal account on such a public persona," Daman said.
Talking about the process of writing the book, which began to form in her mind some five years ago she said, "I would prepare a list of questions make an appointment with my father or my mother, drive across to their place and record the conversation and then come back to transcribe it."
"It is a book about two minds, It portrays their ideas, opinions, beliefs, values and attitudes. It how these ideas were formed and how they changed over time," Daman said.
The book, said the author, is also "about India that has just been divided but finally freed. It talks about how the nation struggled to move ahead sometimes with courage and conviction and sometimes with confusion and despair."
One of the challenges, Daman said she faced was writing about economics. "It was hard to talk to him about economic issues but they played a huge part of his life so I had a hard time talking to him but also write about them."
"I wanted to take the issues, which I considered important and decode them, demystify them, simplify them, for the general reader and hope I have managed to do that," the author said.
When asked whether the book would be made into a film, Daman Singh said, "I don't know. It will be a film I'd like not to see because I'd like my book to the last word."
The author also showed a handful of slides containing photographs of the former Prime Minister, including those of his wife and daughters' families.
Apart from Daman, the event was attended by Mammohan Singh's other two daughters Upinder and Amrit. Former Union Minister Shashi Tharoor and Montek Singh Ahluwalia and his wife Isher Judge Ahluwalia as well as Lord Meghanad Desai and his wife Kishwar Ahluwalia were among the others present at the event.

J&K floods: Locals angry at the devastated Mehjur Nagar  one of the worst affected localitiesWatch: The plight of sweepers in India
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

ISRO hopes India becomes the first country to complete Mars Mission in its maiden attemptISRO hopes India becomes the first country to complete Mars Mission in its maiden attempt
CNN-IBN | Sep 20, 2014 at 01:58pm
Indian Space Research Organisation on Sunday said that commands required by the Mars Orbiter Mission to enter the planet's orbit have been uploaded. The process will take almost 13 hours to be completed and the orbiter is expected to enter the Mars orbit on September 24, ISRO said. V Koteshwar Rao from ISRO said, 'If we are succeful on 24th we will be the first country to do this in maiden attempt.If everything is normal by 12 or 1 we should get the orbit details in full.'
Watch: The plight of sweepers in India
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Great Lakes plans to introduce doctoral programme  online coursesGreat Lakes plans to introduce doctoral programme, online courses
G Naga Sridhar
Bala V Balachandran, Founder-Dean and Chairman of Great Lakes Institute of Management. (file photo)
Hyderabad, Sept 15:  
Great Lakes Institute of Management is planning to commence doctoral programme and online courses.
Efforts were on to introduce the proposed courses from the next academic year, Bala V Balachandran, Founder-Dean and Chairman of the Chennai-based institute, told Business Line on the sidelines of a function to mark its tenth year celebrations here.
``So far, we are mainly into teaching and knowledge distribution. In about a year, we wish to offer research programmes with global collaborations,’’ Balachandran said, adding that admissions would be given based on `tough’ selection criteria to very limited candidates.
The institute will also launch online management courses and has already created a platform for it. "The idea is not commercial but to nurture management skills. We will offer these courses only for nominal fee and details of which are being worked out,’’ the Dean said.
On the intitute's expansion plans, he said the next destination would be Mumbai. It now has two campuses in Chennai and New Delhi.
A new campus would be established in Mumbai which would serve as a hub for financial related education, while Chennai and New Delhi would continue to serve as centres of excellence for manufacturing and public policy, respectively apart from other regular courses, Balachandran said.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Direct India-Vietnam air service to begin from Nov 5Direct India-Vietnam air service to begin from Nov 5
PTI
Tweet
Hanoi, Sept 15:  
For the first time, India and Vietnam will have direct daily flights from November 5 with domestic carrier Jet Airways connecting Delhi and Mumbai to historic Ho Chi Minh City.
A memorandum of understanding for connecting the two countries by air was inked today in the presence of President Pranab Mukherjee and his Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang.
“We will be beginning the operations from November 5. There will be a flight daily and it would connect Delhi and Mumbai to Ho Chi Minh City,” Jet Airways Chairman Naresh Goyal told PTI after signing a deal in this regard with Air Vietnam.
Goyal said the route is a “profitable” one and it is expected to see a lot of tourists taking up the choice.
Booking for the flights has already been opened, he said.
Goyal said a Boeing 737-800 will service the route and it will have both premier and economy segments to cater to all flyers.
A similar aircraft will be operated by Air Vietnam daily and is expected to see businessmen, tourists and even students taking the air service to India.
The agreement between the two airlines came on the second day of the four-day State visit of Mukherjee to the country.
Apart from this pact, six other memorandums of understanding (MoUs) were signed between the two nations.
Mukherjee will also travel to Ho Chi Minh City tomorrow after finishing bilateral engagements in the national Capital.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

PNBinks retail finance pact with Honda Motorcycle & Scooter IndiaHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
PNB inks retail finance pact with Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India
K. R. Srivats
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
Two giants in their respective sectors have come together to woo two-wheeler buyers across the country.
Punjab National Bank (PNB) has tied up with Honda Motorcycle & Scooter India (HMSI) to provide attractive retail finance for the latter's two-wheeler customers.
The Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was exchanged between S.S. Bhatia, General Manager-Retail Assets, PNB, and Yadvinder S Guleria, Vice-President, Sales & Marketing, HMSI, in the Capital on Monday
With this MoU, two-wheeler customers can now buy a Honda two-wheeler at the industry's lowest finance rate of 12.25 per cent (with daily reducing interest), Guleria said.
The loan amount could be up to 90 per cent of the two-wheeler value and the extended repayment tenure could be up to five years.
"This alliance is the first of its kind in the two-wheeler industry, both for Honda and PNB. Propelled by this partnership with PNB, we aim to grow Honda's retail finance significantly in the coming months," Guleria added.
Currently, PNB has a network of over 6,000 branches and about 7,000 Automated Teller Machines (ATM).
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Markets remain weak; IT shares dropSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:49 PM IST
Markets remain weak; IT shares drop
Markets continued to trade weak in late trades with IT shares emerging as the top losers
Markets continue to remain weak in late trades on Monday weighed down by index heavyweights and IT majors.
At 3PM, the 30-share Sensex was down 238 points at 26,823 and 50-share Nifty was down 62 points at 8,043.
In the IT pack, TCS and Infosys were among the top Sensex losers along with ITC, Reliance Industries, ONGC and HDFC among others.
__________________________
(Updated at 12:50PM)
Benchmark indices continue to maintain weak trend post the announcement of August WPI inflation which fell to 5-year low of 3.74%.
WPI inflation fell to a five-year low of 3.74% in August compared to 5.19% the previous month.
Food inflation came in at 5.15% compared to 8.43% on a monthly basis, the lowest level since January 2012, while fuel and power inflation was at 4.54% compared to 7.40% in July.
At 12:50 PM, the Sensex was down 203 points at 26,858 mark and the Nifty lost 56 points at 8,049 mark.
The broader markets are outperforming the benchmark indices- BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices have gained between 0.1-0.5%.  The market breadth in BSE remains positive with 1,569 shares advancing and 1,195 shares declining.
Meanwhile, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan said India's macroeconomic indicators are improving and inflation has been coming down consistent with the central bank's forecast, but Asia's third-largest economy needs investment growth to pick up.
The rupee depreciated by 33 paise to 60.98 against the US dollar at the Interbank Foreign Exchange due to increased demand for the US currency from importers amid a weak opening in the domestic equity market.
The provisional data released by the stock exchanges after trading hours on Friday showed that foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 182.80 crore on that day.
GLOBAL MARKETS
Asian stocks skidded to five-week lows on Monday, giving European markets a negative lead after a batch of weak data out of China raised the spectre of a sharp slowdown in the world's second-biggest economy.
Data out on Saturday showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled.
MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan slid 0.9% to levels last seen on Aug. 8. The index has fallen 4% in a little over a week, from a near seven-year peak. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 index shed 0.8%, South Korea's KOSPI dipped 0.3% and Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.6%.
SECTORS & STOCKS
BSE Metal index has slumped by over 1% followed by counters like Capital Goods, FMCG, IT and Oil & Gas, all gaining by nearly 1% each. However, BSE Healthcare and Realty indices are trading marginally in green zone.
Shares of metal companies are trading lower up to 4%on the NSE in a subdued market on weak Chinese economic data. China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August raising fears the world's second-largest economy may be at risk of a sharp slowdown.
Tata Steel, Sesa Sterlite, Jindal Steel, Hindalco and Coal India are down 1-4% on the National Stock Exchange (NSE).
Other notable losers are HDFC, GAIl, Wipro, M&M, ONGC and Sun Pharma.
L&T is down by nearly 1% on the back of sluggish industrial growth in July.
On the gaining side, Cipla, Hero Moto, HDFC Bank, Dr Reddy’s Labs and SBI have gained between 0.2-3%.
Cipla has gained by nearly 3% in otherwise weak market on reports that Gilead Sciences plans to allow five Indian firms to sell generic versions of its new HepatitisC medicines viz sofosbuvir and ledipasvir in 90 countries.
Among other shares, RPP Infra Projects surged over 7% to Rs 92 on the BSE after the company today announced that it has received rural electrification orders worth Rs 55.20 crore.
Top Stories

Does Modi Love Equity MarketsMahesh Nayak      Follow @MaheshNayak    Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 11:37 IST
PM Narendra Modi (Photo: Reuters)
In 2008 when ING had sent Manish Bhandari for an eight-day study trip to Beijing and Shanghai, he was amazed to see a 10 to 15 km, eight-lane flyover cutting through residential houses going from one end of the city to another. Says Bhandari, Founder of Vallum Capital: "The Chinese government was very clear that they wanted development, and today I see this happening with the Modi government coming to power. The focus of this government is development."
It's not just Bhandari, but the entire equity markets believe that the agenda of the government is development, one of the key reasons that the BSE Sensex has been trading at an all-time high. Since the new government came to power on May 16, 2014, the market barometer has climbed 13 per cent.
There is no doubt about Modi's profound love for development. When he was the chief minister of Gujarat, a Japanese delegation, including media, met India Inc. leaders and looked at the development work done by him in the state. The result was Japan's commitment to invest $33.5 billion in infrastructure projects in India.
But does Modi love equity markets too? His previous track record may not be in his favour. In 2008, when he was Gujarat's CM, he levied a 30 per cent tax before profit on state-run companies as part of corporate social responsibility (CSR) for carrying out welfare activity in the state. Again in January 2013, he added an additional burden on state-run companies to dole out more funds to promote innovations.
 
The result: the stocks of Gujarat-based PSU companies have taken a massive beating. In 2008, for instance, after the state government levied the 30 per cent tax before profit, the stock of Gujarat Narmada Valley Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd (GNFC) crashed from Rs 120 to Rs 48 in one month. Even after six years, the GNFC stock is still trading at Rs 100 per share. The stocks of Gujarat Alkalies and Chemicals Ltd, Gujarat State Petronet, and Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd have suffered similar fate.
Says Gautam Trivedi, Managing Director at Religare Capital Markets: "The question to be asked is have Gujarat-based companies done good? The answer is they have done well. Second, Modi will not shoot himself in the foot when he has a huge disinvestment program lined-up." Adds Bhandari, who feels that the government will support state-run companies and give the managers a free hand to operate: "In fact, I see lot of action among state-run companies. Modi will not like his name to be associated with beleaguered [companies] and therefore the only choice left for them (state-run companies) is to improve or perish."
The disinvestment process has already begun and that is seen as a huge positive among market players. This would be the largest disinvestment program by the government. Earlier, the largest amount raised by the government through disinvestment was Rs 39,000 crore in 2007/08. The government now has plans to raise Rs 64,000 crore by March 2015.
Says Trivedi: "It's ambitious, but this time round the government has started its disinvestment process much earlier, unlike in the previous years when it used to start in the last quarter of every fiscal. Though there are concerns whether there is [enough] appetite in the market to absorb such quantum of paper."
The biggest positive for the Indian markets is the foreign institutional investor (FII) inflows. So far, FIIs have invested $14 billion in Indian equities.
India, in fact, has been the recipient of highest foreign flows compared to any other Asian market, including Japan. Unlike the previous bull market of 2007 where all five cylinders - retail, mutual fund , insurance, FIIs and private equity funds - had fired, this time round it's just the FIIs. "Election result was a huge game changer for India, which is getting re-rated. Huge global money [is] being allocated to India," says Trivedi, adding: "This bull still has legs and everyone will get attracted to the Indian market as going ahead, growth will drive the market. The government just has to stick to its plan of development."

Sensex ends lower by 244 points  Nifty below...Sensex ends lower by 244 points, Nifty below 8,050
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 04.51PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The broader markets outperformed…)
MUMBAI: Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and Nifty slid 63.50 points to 8,042 on losses in bluechips tracking tepid China data and US rate hike fears, even as August domestic inflation eased to nearly 5-year low.
The rupee depreciated against US dollar to 61.05, further dampening market sentiments, said equity brokers.
Selling in metal, IT, oil & gas, capital goods, banking, consumer durables, auto, PSU and FMCG stocks, dragged the down the Sensex which dipped below the 27,000-mark. There was, however, buying in healthcare stocks such Cipla and Dr Reddy.
The 30-share BSE Sensex today opened in negative terrain and quickly dipped below 27,000-mark reacting to Friday's data that showed IIP growth slowed to four-month low in July.
Around noon, data showed wholesale inflation fell sharply to 3.74 per cent in August to a nearly five-year low. However, investors appeared to ignore the WPI inflation figures.
The index finally settled down by 244.48 points, or 0.90 per cent, at 26,816.56, its weakest closing since August 28. The 244.48-point loss is Sensex's worst drop since August 8.
Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services, said: "Markets were nervous on the back of tepid IIP data. Sensex and Nifty constituents continued to correct after a fast & furious rally. Frontline stocks are also in a pause mode in anticipation of clearer hints from the US Federal Reserve later this week."
Overall, 25 Sensex stocks declined while five led by Cipla, Dr Reddy, HDFC Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Infosys rose.
The 50-issue NSE Nifty slipped below the 8,100-level by falling 63.50 points, or 0.78 per cent, to 8,042.00. The 63.50-point fall was its sharpest daily loss since August 8.
FEATURED ARTICLES

OilMin extends deadline for comments on reve...Oil Ministry extends deadline for comments on revenue sharing draft
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 03.40PM IST
(The companies will have…)
NEW DELHI: The Petroleum Ministry has extended by the deadline for commenting on a simpler revenue sharing contract it wants to replace the present Production Sharing Contracts (PSC) with.
The ministry had on August 21 floated a model revenue- sharing contract for exploration and production of oil and gas and sought comments from stakeholders by September 10. This deadline has now been extended to September 20.
"...timeline for receiving comments on draft Model Revenue Sharing Contract (MRSC) has been extended up to September 20, 2014," a ministry orders said.
Besides suggesting doubling of natural gas prices, a Committee headed by C Rangarajan had suggested moving to a revenue sharing regime where companies bid upfront the quantity of oil and gas they will share with the government for winning an exploration acreage.
The ministry accepted this in-principle, and floated a MRSC.
MRSC will replace the current practice of companies getting blocks by bidding maximum work programme and then recovering all of their investment before sharing profits with the government. This model was criticised by CAG which said it encouraged companies to keep raising cost so as to postpone higher share of profits to the government.
In the new regime, the companies will have to indicate the quantity of oil and gas they will share with the government at different stages of production as well as at different rates.
"The Government's revenue share of crude oil and/or natural gas shall be determined based on a two dimensional production-price matrix, where Government's revenue share with the contractor(s) shall be linked to the average daily production in a month and average oil and gas prices in a month," the draft MRSC said.
Besides quoting the quantity they will share with the with government at different levels of production, the companies would also quote the quantum at different price levels - less than $ 100 per barrel, $ 100-125, $ 125-150 and more than $ 150 per barrel for oil and for gas in bands of less than $ 6 per million British thermal unit rate, $ 6-10, $ 10-14 and more than $ 14 per mmBtu.
The production levels for onland, shallow offshore and deepwater have been proposed at different tranches.
Companies will have to bid the amount they will share with the government at different levels of production as well as different rates for oil and gas.
"In the matrix production is linked to sliding scale (incremental) production tranche and price is linked to fixed scale price band," the draft MRSC said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India  Vietnam ink 7pacts; call for  freedom  of navigationSep 15, 2014, 03.22 PM IST  | Source: PTI
India, Vietnam ink 7pacts; call for 'freedom' of navigation
Both the countries decided to "strengthen and deepen bilateral cooperation on the basis of the strategic partnership with focus on political, defence and security cooperation, economic cooperation, science and technology, culture and people-to-people links, technical cooperation and multilateral and regional cooperation."
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India, Vietnam ink 7pacts; call for 'freedom' of navigation
Both the countries decided to "strengthen and deepen bilateral cooperation on the basis of the strategic partnership with focus on political, defence and security cooperation, economic cooperation, science and technology, culture and people-to-people links, technical cooperation and multilateral and regional cooperation."
Post your opinion here
 
India and Vietnam today inked seven pacts, including one to enhance cooperation in the strategic oil sector, as they called for "freedom" of navigation in the South China Sea, a remark that could irk China, which has been claiming territorial sovereignty over the high seas.
The agreements were signed during the second day of the four-day state visit of President Pranab Mukherjee who held talks with his Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang.
Both the countries decided to "strengthen and deepen bilateral cooperation on the basis of the strategic partnership with focus on political, defence and security cooperation, economic cooperation, science and technology, culture and people-to-people links, technical cooperation and multilateral and regional cooperation."
In a subtle message to China, the two countries, who established strategic ties in 2007, asserted that the freedom of navigation in the disputed waters of the South China Sea should not be "impeded" and called all the parties "concerned" to exercise restraint in this context.
"The leaders reiterated their desire and determination to work together to maintain peace, stability, growth and prosperity in Asia. They agreed that freedom of navigation in the East Sea/South China Sea should not be impeded and called the parties concerned to exercise restraint, avoid threat or use of force and resolve disputes through peaceful means in accordance with universally recognised principles of international law, including the UNCLOS-1982," said a joint communique issued after the meeting.
China has been exerting its influence in these waters, which is not taken well by Vietnam and other bordering countries like the Philippines. The two sides urged for "collective commitment of the concerned parties to abide by and implement the 2002 Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea and to work towards the adoption of a Code of Conduct in the South China Sea on the basis of consensus.
"They called for cooperation in ensuring security of sea-lanes, maritime security, combating piracy and conducting search and rescue operations," it said. "Both the nations also agreed to continue closer interaction under the institutional architecture of the strategic partnership, particularly the Joint Commission meeting, the Foreign Office consultations and strategic dialogue, security dialogue and other dialogue mechanisms between the two countries," the communique said.
After the delegation-level talks, both the leaders oversaw the signing of pacts on seven different subjects in the presence of dignitaries and senior government officials.
Apart from a Letter of Intent (LoI) signed between the ONGC Videsh Limited (OVL) and Vietnam Oil, the other pacts include extending a dollar credit line between Vietnam and EXIM Bank of India, agreement on co-operation and mutual assistance in customs matters, MoU on animal health, MoU on setting up of Pangasius breeding and farming in India, MoU on operating and jointly promoting direct air services between Vietnam Airlines and domestic Indian air carrier Jet Airways and MoU on cooperation in youth affairs and skill development.
The two sides also agreed to undertake a focussed cooperation in defence related procurement. "The leaders agreed that defence and security cooperation was an important pillar of the strategic partnership between the two countries. They expressed satisfaction with the ongoing cooperation between the two sides in this field and noted that the signing of the MoU for the Line of Credit of USD 100 million for defence procurement extended by India to Vietnam would open new avenues for cooperation," the joint statement said.
They also reiterated their desire and determination to work together to maintain peace, stability, growth and prosperity in Asia, it said. It said official talks between the leaders were held in an atmosphere of friendship and mutual trust. "President Sang and President Mukherjee exchanged views on the socio-economic developments and foreign policy of their respective countries, bilateral relations and issues of mutual interest," it said.
Mukherjee also congratulated the government and people of Vietnam on the remarkable achievements recorded in recent years while Sang saluted India on the successful completion of the recent Lok Sabha elections and expressed his belief that under the leadership of the new government in India, the people of India will attain greater achievements in national development.
The two leaders also agreed to enhance the economic partnership and strengthen the trade and investment linkages between the public and private sectors of both countries, including forging joint ventures.
"They welcomed the strong growth in bilateral trade in recent years and urged business to further expand and diversify trade to achieve the bilateral trade target of USD 15 billion by 2020. They identified tourism, garments and textiles, pharmaceuticals and agriculture as important areas of potential growth in bilateral trade," the statement said.
The two leaders highlighted scope for expansion in ICT, science and technology, space and other areas. The MoU on line of credit of the Exim bank signed today will explore opportunities for this cooperation in the future. "Details of equipment to be purchased by Vietnam are under finalisation," the joint statement said.
Also, under the new air connectivity deal, both Jet Airways and Vietnam Airlines will fly a daily flight connecting Delhi, Mumbai and Ho Chi Minh city starting November 5.
Before meeting his Vietnamese counterpart, Mukherjee visited the Ho Chi Minh's residential complex here and laid wreath at the memorial of National Heroes and Martyrs. Upon his arrival to the Presidential palace, Mukherjee was given a guard of honour.
He and Sang jointly planted a sapling of the Holy 'Bodhi Tree' which was gifted to Vietnam as a mark of respect and recognition of India's strong-rooted and growing ties with it. The Indian delegation comprises Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan and five other Parliamentarians.
RELATED NEWS

Innoventive Industries announces resignation of directorInnoventive Industries announces resignation of director
Jan Dhan: Rajan cautions banks against running after numbersJan Dhan: Rajan cautions banks against running after numbers
Refreshed  Ford Figo launched @ Rs 3.87 lakhHi Guest
'Refreshed' Ford Figo launched @ Rs 3.87 lakh
Ford India on Monday launched a refreshed version of its compact car Ford Figo priced up to Rs Rs 609,000 (ex-showroom Delhi) ahead of the upcoming festival season.  The refreshed Ford Figo will be available at Rs 387,000 to Rs 514,000 for petrol variant and Rs 483,000 to Rs 609,000 (ex-Showroom Delhi) for the diesel option, the company said.   "With the refreshed look, we are adding even more style to the Figo, which is highly regarded as a reliable vehicle with an outstanding ...

Lupin hits day s highLupin hits day s high
Buy Dena Bank  target Rs 72: Pritesh Mehta01:30 pm
Pritesh Mehta of IIFL told CNBC-TV18, "Today's trade has been completely about banks especially small public sector undertaking (PSU) banks because in the current bull run all these PSU have not participated at all. Infact most of the banks are now providing bottoming out chart structure. It means that in next couple of weeks these banks will do well."
"The likes of Dena Bank  as well as the likes of Andhra Bank , Syndicate Bank  and even State Bank of India  (SBI) will do well because they have been consolidating at lower levels. Dena Bank has seen a sharp correction, in fact in today's trade it bottomed out and given a breakout from a rounding bottom pattern also the stock has given a break above its 200 days moving average. It tells that the worse is over and the stock is going to resume a previous uptrend. So buy Dena Bank for a target of Rs 72," he added.
RELATED NEWS

Buy Poly Medicure  says Sandeep RainaLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy Poly Medicure, says Sandeep Raina
Sandeep Raina, AVP at Edelweiss RCM Research recommends buying Poly Medicure with a view of more than one and half years.
Post your opinion here
01:30 pm
Sandeep Raina, AVP at Edelweiss RCM Research told CNBC-TV18, "The business of Poly Medicure  is very strong. The company is into Indian disposable market and they are into export. Also around 80 percent comes from export and 20 percent revenues are from India. The business is very difficult because typically you are getting into hospitals. A new company cannot get into this, you will take ages, so this company being a 20 year organisation, now has got in roads to a lot of big hospitals. Now they are able to use its products."
"Typically for business, I will give a very good rating to this company and I believe on valuation, it is stretched if I look at 30 P/E but still I would advise clients to get into this for long-term. If you are buying this company for six months, may be my answer would be no, let us not get into the stock but typically if you look for long-term, more than one and a half years, this again is a good counter to get into because this is a 30 percent return on capital (RoC) business, 20 percent growth business and margins are very high, so that should not be a problem," he said.
RELATED NEWS

V-Mart Retail good buy  says Sandeep Raina01:30 pm
Sandeep Raina, AVP at Edelweiss RCM Research told CNBC-TV18, "Typically in any retail business, you will have the problems, growth is there but margins will not be there. Your valuation, your value will not be in terms of your working capital, it will be very high but this business is a very different business. This business only focuses on your apparels."
"Typically V-Mart Retail  is not into tier-I cities, it is only in tier-II and tier-III cities where its products are in the range of Rs 100-1,000. So that is the kind of value this is creating for itself. If you look at the margins, 10-11 percent margins, return on capital employed (ROCE) currently at 25 percent will go up to 29 percent over the next two years. So if I just collabourate all those things, this looks a very good buy," he added.
"I buying a business where the mood is very strong, you cannot create that business easily, then also I have to buy business where ROCs and cash flows are very strong. So those are three-four things that we should look for in this market and not looking for cheap stocks or cheap counters which will not give us returns," he said.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex plummets 262 points on disappointing IIP data  weak global cuesSensex plummets 244 points on disappointing IIP data, weak global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The Sensex and the Nifty plunged nearly one per cent at the closing session on Monday on heavy selling by funds and retail investors due to weak industrial production data and weak global cues.
Brokers said selling pressure emerged as the country’s industrial production growth slowed to a four-month low of 0.5 per cent in July but easing retail inflation to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July, and dip in WPI inflation to a five-year low of 5.74 per cent in August restricted the fall.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex plunged 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty fell 63.5 points to end at 8,042.
Among BSE sectoral indices, metal index fell the most by 1.69 per cent, oil & gas and IT 0.96 per cent each. On the other hand, healthcare index was up 0.41 per cent, followed by realty 0.18 per cent and infrastructure index 0.18 per cent.
Cipla, Hero MotoCorp, Dr Reddy's, HDFC Bank and Infosys were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were Hindalco, Tata Steel, SSLT, ONGC and Coal India.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head-Research Eastern Financiers, earlier in the day said in a report: "The markets are expected to start the week on a subdued note on the back of weak IIP data declared during the week-end. Although Consumer Price Index (CPI) was at a comfortable zone, markets would be keenly watching the Wholesale Price Inflation (WPI) data for August scheduled to be released on Monday. Further, stock-specific action could be seen after second instalment of advance tax payments by corporates start trickling in.''
European shares fell after disappointing macroeconomic data from China raised concerns about the pace of economic growth in the world's second-biggest economy.
Week-end data showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled, increasing fears that the world's second-largest economy may be at the risk of a sharp slowdown unless Beijing takes fresh stimulus measures.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slipped less than 0.1 per cent to 344.04 at 10.13 a.m. in London, paring losses of as much as 0.4 per cent.
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index retreated 0.6 per cent today for an eighth day of declines, its longest streak since January 2010. Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures fell 0.2 per cent.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

What the latest economic data means for the currency marketWhat the latest economic data means for the currency market
Sep 4, 2014
Discussion on the recent economic data releases and their effects on the currency trends
 
Arvind Jayaram and Gurumurthy Kamaraguru of the BL Research Bureau discuss the recent economic data releases and how they are affecting the currency trends.
Produced by Divya Pushkarna
You can now login with LI or FB and share your comments with others
Please Wait while comments are loading...
1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team.
2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published.
3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,
      or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.
      (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and').
4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments.
5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection.

Baby Jag looks set to take on older rivalsBaby Jag looks set to take on older rivals
Vidya Ram
Tweet
The new XE from Jaguar.
The new XE will help Jaguar woo a new set of buyers. Will it carve out a share in the segment currently dominated by the German trio?
September 11, 2014:  
When Jaguar Land Rover announced in 2009 that it would stop making the X-Type, its underwhelming executive car developed during the Ford years and centred around a modified Ford Mondeo chassis, few thought it would return to a sector that had done little to revive its fortunes (and indeed in the view of some had tarnished the brand).
Five years on, however, Jaguar has returned to that very sector with the Jaguar XE, a car it hopes will stand its ground against the formidable competition out there (the BMW 3 Series, Audi A4, and Mercedes-Benz C Class) and open up the brand to an entirely new customer base globally – young and female.
Set to go on sale in the UK and Europe early next year with an indicative price of 27,000 pounds in the UK (the full range will be announced at the Paris Auto Show in early October) the car is intended, in the words of Design Director Ian Callum, to be “an attainable Jaguar.” Not only the cheapest Jaguar out there, it is particularly fuel-efficient, being the Jaguar to premier the brand’s new 2-litre “Ingenium” engine whose diesel version will have a fuel efficiency of 75 miles to the gallon. For those focused on a powerful drive, the top-of-the-range XE-S – the car that debuted in London this week – will have the 3-litre super charged V6, capable of going from – to 60 miles an hour in 4.9 seconds.
In a first for the category the XE’s chassis is three quarters aluminium – a combination of a high-strength 6000- series alloy and recycled aluminum – which the company says accords the car with strength and stiffness that enables it to meet the most stringent of global safety requirements.
Features
Physically the car draws on elements of many Jaguars that have gone before it: its long sculpted bonnet, low front seating position, and rising waistline all add to its sporty, fast feel (it is also meant to be the most aerodynamic Jag with a drag coefficient of 0.26). Though as Ian Fletcher of IHS Global Insight notes, it will be when the lower gauge vehicles are released that the design can best be gauged. “It does encapsulate a lot of the positives around the brand’s design history.”
Though the cheapest Jaguar, as Fletcher points out the car is at the upper end of pricing within the sector (The BMW 3 Series, for example, starts at 23,500 pounds in the UK). Helping justify this premium, they’ve used the car to debut new technologies, including their first venture into Electric Power Steering – which they say has not only fuel efficiency advantages but tuning potential too.
They have also introduced what they are calling their All Surface Progress Control that draws on Land Rovers’ off-road expertise. At low speeds (up to 30 mph) cruise control will be available even in slippery conditions.
Other highlights including a unique heads-up system that projects bright, colour images of speed and navigation instructions, and a new stereo-camera that can perform a huge range of functions – from recognizing traffic signs and warning you if you leave your lane to an autonomous braking system. While we were left wondering how useful these would be in the chaotic traffic in some of its markets, they’re all touches that add clout.
There is also set to be a requisite top-notch infotainment system, replete with touch screen, voice control, and Bluetooth and USB capabilities, and crucially, with its embedded SIM, it can serve as a WiFi hub, which several devices can be connected to. Users will also be able to access smart phone apps through the touch screen.
As with past Jaguars – the interior offers the user much opportunity to personalize and luxuriate: leather interiors, the option of wood and textured aluminum interior materials, ambient lighting in up to 10 colours, and of course legroom.
Overall, and despite the hype that surrounded it in the build up to the launch, the car that drove out onto the stage in Earls Court in London on Monday didn’t disappoint, leaving very little doubt that this was a complete break from Jaguar’s past experience in the sector. While its full significance and potential will only become more apparent next month, when the range is unveiled in Paris, it seems to stand a good chance of bringing in those crucial new audiences it may have missed in the past.
(This article was published on September 11, 2014)
Related

Herman Miller uses Chicago-based platform in call for unique designs0
“The process we’ve established very much is meant to create commercial products,” Dohadwala said. He said Herman Miller’s goal is to discover a concept that can be produced and sold through its brand.
The winner will receive $10,000 cash and royalties, while five other finalists will receive Herman Miller furniture: Mirra chairs and Eames Walnut stools. Entrants who don’t win will retain full rights over their designs, Dohadwala said.
Dohadwala said Unbranded Designs will charge Herman Miller a fee for providing access to the platform and overseeing the challenge. If any products from this challenge go to market through Herman Miller, he said, Unbranded Designs will also have a share in the royalties.
Unbranded Designs has shifted its focus over the past eight months toward building and engaging a community of designers, Dohadwala said. Rather than help designers manufacture and distribute products themselves, Dohadwala said, Unbranded Designs seeks partnerships with established brands. He said all parties benefit when his platform introduces lesser-known designers to firms such as Herman Miller, which can more easily take products to market. Dohadwala said the company has doubled in size three times in the past seven months.
Unknown designers can find it difficult to introduce themselves to Herman Miller, which works with world-renowned designers such as Yves Behar and Philippe Starck, said Dave Simon, the company’s director for product design and exploration. Simon said Unbranded Designs provides an opportunity for Herman Miller to explore uncharted territory.
“It’s our strategic intent to challenge and engage with external individuals that we ask to provoke us in the spirit of being innovative,” Simon said.

Ulta Beauty shares soar 20% after 2Q earningsUlta Beauty shares soar 20% after 2Q earnings
Ulta Salon
An Ulta store on the North Side of Chicago in 2012.
An Ulta store on the North Side of Chicago in 2012. (Alex Garcia/Chicago Tribune.com)
By Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz, Tribune reporter
Shares in Ulta Beauty soared 20 percent Friday morning after the Bolingbook-based cosmetics retail reported second-quarter net income jumped 35 percent, handily beating Wall Street's expectations.
The company also announced a five-year strategic plan that includes opening about 100 stores annually.
ULTA stock Read the story
Ulta CEO Mary Dillon, who assumed the helm of the beauty products retailer last year, credited the “excellent” results to better traffic, successful new product and  brand launches and rapid e-commerce growth, and raised the company’s outlook for the year.
Net income for the quarter ended August 2 grew to $60.8 million, or 94 cents per share. Wall Street analysts had been expecting net income of $53.2 million and earnings of 83 cents per share.
Sales at stores open at least 14 months increased 9.6 percent, exceeding analyst expectations by more than three percentage points. That figure includes e-commerce sales, which grew 55 percent. Sales at established stores are a key measure of retailer health because they exclude a boost from newly opened locations.
Revenue rose 22.2 percent to $734.2 million from $601 million for the same period last year, also beating analyst forecasts.
Ulta now expects to achieve sales and earnings per share in the 20 percent range this year, up from its prior stated expectation of the mid-teens, “reflecting our confidence in continued strong market share gains,” Dillon said.
Ulta, which ended the quarter with 715 stores, also said in the next five years it aims to: open 100 new stores annually, deliver annual comparable store sales growth of 5 to 7 percent and grow e-commerce to represent 10 percent of all sales.

EBay dismisses talk of Google stakeEBay dismisses talk of Google stake
Reuters
eBay Inc.
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - EBay Inc on Friday dismissed market speculation that Google Inc may buy a large stake in the online retailer, saying the two companies have not held discussions about an acquisition.
"We've had no conversations with Google about acquiring a stake in the company," eBay spokesman Alan Marks said.
(Reporting by Alexei Oreskovic)

Spectrum sharing  trading guidelines by year-end: GovtSpectrum sharing, trading guidelines by year-end, says Ravi Shankar Prasad
PTI     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 09:15 IST
Telecom Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Saturday the guidelines for telecom spectrum trading and sharing will be in place by the end of the year.
"Guidelines will be in place by end of year on spectrum trading and sharing," Prasad said at the press conference marking the first 100 days in the ministry.
In July, telecom regulator Trai had recommended allowing sharing of all categories of radiowaves held by operators including those allocated at the old price of Rs 1,658 crore or assigned without auction, a move that could help companies significantly reduce cost of providing mobile services.
Trai had suggested that all access spectrum in the bands of 800/900/1800/2100/2300/2500 MHz will be sharable provided that both licensees are have spectrum in the same band.
At present, telecom operators have been allocated radiowave frequencies in 800 MHz (CDMA); 900 MHz, 1800 MHz, 2100 MHz (GSM 2G/3G); 2300 MHz and 2500 MHz (4G) for wireless telecom services.
Operators are allowed to share passive infrastructure like mobile towers, which has helped them in reducing operational cost but not active infrastructure like spectrum.
The government also announced people in flood-hit Kashmir will get free telecom services for a week on BSNL network, and mobile networks have been substantially or partially restored in Jammu and Kashmir (J&K), except Poonch.
Of the total 12,306 base transceiver stations (BTS) or mobile towers in J&K, 6,811 were submerged, Prasad said, adding that of these the government has restored 1,208.
"People can talk free for a week on BSNL's network in the flood affected areas. We have also requested private telecom operators. They have allowed 60 minutes of free talk time everyday," Prasad said.
He said 8,000 landline connections in the Kashmir valley have started working and the government has opened 5 free public calling booths (PCOs) at the airport.
On the status of the telecom networks in the valley, Prasad said, "Except Poonch, mobile services are either substantially or partially restored in all parts of the valley."
BSNL had on Friday said telecom services in the flood-hit Kashmir Valley are being normalised slowly with restoring of around 80 per cent of the affected network.
The state-owned firm said it had restored 92 mobile towers, which were affected by floods. Overall 473 towers are working in the Valley whereas 934 is the number for the whole state.
Other private players including Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular, Aircel and Reliance Communications (RCom) have also restored their network in various parts of the state.

Cato Constitution Day symposium Sept 17.  Share on TwitterTweet
SECTION: {section=national, subsection=null}!!!
INITIAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!!
UGC FROM ARTICLE: !!!
FINAL commentConfig: {includereply=true, canvas_permalink_id=washpost.com/8bvh5zpd9k, allow_comments=true, commentmaxlength=2000, includeshare=true, display_comments=true, canvas_permalink_app_instance=m6yzjj840m, display_more=true, moderationrequired=false, includefeaturenotification=true, comments_period=14, defaultsort=reverseChronological, canvas_allcomments_id=washpost.com/km4ey0dajm, includevoteofftopic=false, allow_videos=false, childrenitemsperpage=3, markerdisplay=post_commenter:Post Commenter|staff:Post Writer|top_commenter:Post Forum|top_local:Washingtologist|top_sports:SuperFan|fact_checker:Fact Checker|post_recommended:Post Recommended|world_watcher:World Watcher|cultuer_connoisseur:Culture Connoisseur|weather_watcher:Capital Weather Watcher|post_contributor:Post Contributor, includesorts=true, includeheader=true, defaulttab=all, includeverifiedcommenters=true, includerecommend=true, maxitemstop=2, includereport=true, source=washpost.com, allow_photos=false, maxitems=7, display_ugc_photos=false, includepause=true, canvas_allcomments_app_instance=6634zxcgfd, includepermalink=false}!!
customFields- published 1410644205/1410644205000/1410644205 tracking: {blog_name=volokh-conspiracy, content_category=National, in_url_headline=cato-constitution-day-symposium-sept-17, post_id=13478, section={section=national, subsection=null}, show_ads=true, show_comments=true} allow_comments: false published_date:Sep 13, 2014 9:36:45 PM close date: Sep 27, 2014 9:36:45 PM

How s that: Male contraceptive injection might be available by 2017Comments
Researchers are developing a male birth control injection that will provide long-acting reversible contraception - and it is expected to be available as early as 2017.
The injection, containing a substance called Vasalgel, temporarily blocks the tubes which transport sperm from the testes. In essence it acts in the same way as a vasectomy but it is not permanent. According to its creators, the Parsemus Foundation in US, the contraceptive has been tested on baboons and rabbits, 'metro.co.uk' reported.
Also read: Study shows handsome men have lower sperm quality
Six months ago, researchers injected Vasalgel into three male baboons. The males were then given an opportunity to mate with females.
The three male baboons were moved into enclosures with 10-15 females a month ago. None of the female baboons were found to be pregnant.Researchers are now planning to flush out the Vasalgel to check whether sperm starts to flow once again.
Also read:  Couch potatoes have lower sperm counts
In another baboon study, five males have received Vasalgel. The baboons will soon be moved to breeding enclosures with fertile females.
Half of the baboons will be able to mate with females for three months, and half of them will be with females for six months. After this, they will all undergo reversal and additional testing. The researchers are planning clinical trials with humans next year.

US war on terror by any other nameSeptember 14, 2014 5:18 pm
America’s perpetual war on terror by any other name
By Edward Luce
If you embark on something with your eyes half-open, you are likely to lose sight of reality
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f850056-38ee-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Divisions behind declining EU influenceSeptember 14, 2014 5:05 pm
The divisions behind Europe’s declining influence
By Wolfgang Münchau
The eurozone has been running on luck – a commodity that tends not to last
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/f8a63220-38ef-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Asian entrepreneurs race to US and EuropeLast updated: September 14, 2014 8:57 pm
Asian entrepreneurs still drawn to ‘Anglosphere’
By Andrew Bounds, Enterprise Editor
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/53bf48f4-3a94-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Liz Clarke and Chelsea JanesThe best and worst moments from the Nationals’ 3-2 loss to the Giants.
Oct 3, 2014
Lerner couldn’t be happier for Baltimore fans.
Oct 3, 2014
The Nationals are the hairiest team in baseball, a fact that could bode well during the postseason.
Oct 3, 2014
There were six Jayson Werth signed gnomes hidden in the area. That number is significant.
Oct 2, 2014
Hosts on the MLB Network Radio channel on SiriusXM will make mad dash from Eutaw Street to Half Street.
Oct 2, 2014
Dan Plesac and former Washington third base coach Bo Porter are high on the Nationals.
Oct 2, 2014
City Hall will be illuminated red for as long as the Nats are in the playoffs.
Oct 1, 2014
Meteorologist has a tough time talking through Jayson Werth-like beard.
Oct 1, 2014
Extraneous apostrophe will be removed before Game 1.
Oct 1, 2014
Wall Street Journal develops ‘Hateability Index’ for baseball’s postseason.
Oct 1, 2014
Load More
About
Scott Allen writes about all things DC sports. Follow him on Twitter @ScottSAllen or e-mail him if you’ve got a tip to share.
Most Read

Market Expert IndependentExpertise : Equity - Fundamental 
Prabhudas Lilladher has appointed Sandip Sabharwal as CEO – Portfolio Management Services (PMS). PL Group is one of India’s leading financial services organizations, providing a comprehensive range of financial services to institutions, HNIs, retail as well as corporate clients. With a strong foundation, built over the last 6 decades, PL offers a host of services including Broking, Corporate Advisory, Investment Banking, Wealth Management, Insurance Advisory and Margin Funding.    At Prabhudas Lilladher, Sandip will be responsible for spearheading and managing the Portfolio Management Business. He will manage funds and investment mandates - strengthening PL’s Portfolio Management business and introduce new PMS products. The rich experience of over 14 years in fund management; that he brings to the table is expected to enhance PL’s core strengths and add tremendous value to the investment management style.   In his career, Sandip has been associated with SBI Mutual Funds, Lotus AMC [now Religare Aegon AMC] and JM Financial AMC. Sandip was also Awarded Business Standard Fund Manager of the year for 2004-05 by the Finance minister of India – Mr. P Chidambaram.    
ABOUT Sandip Sabharwal
Prabhudas Lilladher has appointed Sandip Sabharwal as CEO – Portfolio Management Services (PMS). PL Group is one of India’s leading financial services organizations, providing a comprehensive range of financial services to institutions, HNIs, retail as well as corporate clients. With a strong foundation, built over the last 6 decades, PL offers a host of services including Broking, Corporate Advisory, Investment Banking, Wealth Management, Insurance Advisory and Margin Funding. ...

Need to lower inflation before cutting rates  says RajanNeed to lower inflation before cutting rates, says RBI Governor
Neha Dasgupta     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 11:46 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan has said inflation in India, Asia's third-largest economy, was still high and there was no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation pick up again.
The RBI wants to bring down interest rates when it is "feasible", Rajan told a banking conference on Monday.
Retail inflation, which the central bank tracks for setting lending rates, edged down marginally to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent a month earlier, helped by slower annual rises in prices of fuel and clothes.
(Reuters)

Hello Kitty Flights Now Headed To Parisreddit
This is "mew"sic to our ears.
While the world wrestles with shock from the recent announcement that Hello Kitty is not a cat , a happier piece of news comes our way from EVA Air: cat or not, Hello Kitty planes will begin flying routes to Paris next month in celebration of Hello Kitty's 40th birthday (due to Kitty's youthful appearance, we assume this birthday is in cat years).
EVA currently operates Hello Kitty flights between Taipei and Los Angeles -- besides featuring adorable Kitty scenes on the outside, the jets are tricked out to the Kitty max on the inside. Think Hello Kitty luggage tags for every passenger, Hello Kitty headrests and drink coasters, Hello Kitty soap in the lavatory and in-flight meals where every last melon slice, cheese piece and dessert cake is shaped like Hello Kitty's adorable head.
The new Paris flights will add in new Hello Kitty silverware, new Hello Kitty placemats and a new Hello Kitty menu (cat croissants, perhaps?). They'll fly from Taipei to Paris three times per week starting on Oct. 29.
According to the Daily Mail , Sanrio reps say they designed the Hello Kitty flights to "make flying fun and spread happiness among passengers all over the globe."
We're totally on board.
Also on The Huffington Post
Close

Now  small towns fuel e-tailers Flipkart  Myntra  JabongNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

Apple Watch fails to answer why consumers should want a fancy smartwatchNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

AIADMK  BJP tussle heats up as Tamil Nadu local body by-polls nearPrint
Chennai | Posted: September 15, 2014 1:37 pm
With the by-elections to Tamil Nadu local bodies nearing, tussle between the AIADMK and BJP has entered into its worst phase on Sunday with the top leaderships of both parties accusing and raising allegations that would possibly spoil the ‘good’ relationship that the state and centre maintained after the Lok Sabha elections.
In a scathing attack against BJP on Sunday, the Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa accused BJP for its double standards on the sensitive fishermen issue. Launching her campaign in Tuticorin as part of the Mayoral by-poll elections, she castigated the state BJP for condoning the statements of Subramanian Swamy wherin he had advised the Sri Lankan government not to release the boats of Tamil Nadu fishermen. “Both the state leadership and the central government had failed to counter his claims,” she said, accusing BJP’s double standards.
Meanwhile, in Coimbatore, union minister of state for heavy industries, Pon Radhakrishnan, has been meeting press reporters with evidences that claimed AIADMK has begun wooing voters by distributing cash in Coimbatore municipality. “AIADMK has grossly misused power and this election wont be free and fair,” he said, demanding the State Election Commission (SEC) to scrap the local body polls. Citing evidences of money distribution of misuse of powers, the party has already filed a complaint to the SEC.
Following the resignations of several AIADMK mayors elected in 2011; by-elections to several vacant local body posts and mayoral elections in Coimbatore, Tirunelveli and Tuticorin corporations are scheduled to be held on September 18th .
Ever since the elections were announced in TN, BJP under the new leadership has been facing a tough battle from the ruling party in the state. AIADMK candidates in at least five local body by-election seats were declared elected unopposed after BJP candidates withdrew from the race. Last week, the BJP’s nominee to contest the Tirunelveli mayoral election, G P R Vellaiammal, withdrew from the race and joined the AIADMK.
The BJP chief Tamilisai Soundararajn alleged that several BJP candidates contesting in the local-body by elections are being either threatened or ‘bought over’ by the AIADMK. She accused AIADMK of abducting their candidates. Immediately after the AIADMK had released a press statement with a photograph of Vellaiammal and party general secretary Jayalalithaa announcing that the BJP candidate has joined AIADMK in the presence of Jayalalithaa.
On Sunday, in a new political move, BJP state president Tamilisai Soundararajan has urged the state Congress party to support BJP candidates in this local body by-elections, ‘to defeat the money and muscle power’ of AIADMK. Reports say that BJP is also likely to get support from DMK.
Related

BJP-Sena seat-sharing talks still on: Uddhav ThackerayComments
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Monday rejected the Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) demand to contest 135 of Maharashtra’s 288 assembly seats in the October 15 polls, escalating tensions between the two oldest allies in the National Democratic alliance.
 
The spat over seat-sharing sparked speculation that the Shiv Sena may go it alone, but Thackeray said efforts are still on to work out a formula ahead of the elections.  The state BJP unit, too, is likely to ask party president Amit Shah when he visits from September 17-19 that they fight the elections on their own if the Sena doesn’t meet their demand.            
 
The assembly polls are seen as a key test of the BJP’s popularity after it charged to power on the back of what the party called a ‘Modi wave’ in the general election. Any falling out of the two allies could divide opposition votes, undermining the advantage the BJP gained after its impressive performance in the state in the April-May Lok Sabha election. This will probably help the Congress-led coalition retain power in one of the country’s politically-crucial states.
“Everything has an alternative. I have conveyed it to BJP that I can’t go beyond a point (over the number of seats to contest),” Thackeray said when asked whether the Sena was weighing the option of fighting the elections alone.
 
Tensions between the two parties grew on Sunday when BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis said his party had decided against talking to the Sena over the seat-sharing issue after the Sena chief took a dig at PM Narendra Modi during a television interview.
 
“In Maharashtra, the Modi factor worked (in the Lok Sabha polls). But the alliance parties must also be given credit. The Modi factor didn’t work in many states during the Lok Sabha elections,” Thackeray told the channel.
 
The Sena chief, sources said, conveyed to Fadnavis that his party will not agree to anything less than 155 seats. The party with the most legislators will have the bigger claim to the chief minister’s chair, analysts say. Thackeray has made it clear he has his eyes on the post.
 
The BJP and the Sena contested 119 and 169 seats in the previous assembly polls. The necessity to revisit the formula arose after four other parties joined the Mahayuti (grand alliance) that won 42 of the state’s 48 Lok Sabha constituencies in May. The Congress-NCP coalition, which has governed Maharashtra since 1999, got only six seats. The two parties are yet to reach a seat-sharing arrangement for the assembly polls.
 
However, the BJP’s Maharashtra in-charge, Rajiv Pratap Rudy, dismissed speculation over the nearly two-decade-old coalition’s stability. “There is nothing alarming as of now. Reports about a strain on the alliance are mere speculation,” he said over the phone from Mumbai.
 
The BJP said on Sunday that after allotting seats to smaller allies like RPI (A) and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, the two major Mahayuti constituents should take 135 seats each.

Satyam case: All accused asked to appear in ...Andhra Pradesh
(Raju was arrested by the…)
HYDERABAD: A local court trying the case of multi-crore accounting fraud in erstwhile Satyam Computer Services Limited (SCSL) today ordered all the accused to appear before it on October 27.
The court has not given any date for judgement, CBI special public prosecutor K Surender said.
The ten accused in the case include prime accused Satyam Computers founder and former chairman B Ramalinga Raju, his brother and Satyam's former MD B Rama Raju, ex-CFO Vadlamani Srinivas , former PwC auditors Subramani Gopalakrishnan and T Srinivas, Raju's another brother B Suryanarayana Raju, former employees G Ramakrishna, D Venkatpathi Raju and Ch Srisailam, and Satyam's former internal chief auditor V S Prabhakar Gupta.
The trial in Satyam fraud case had concluded in the second half of June before the special court, which examined 216 witnesses and marked 3,038 documents during the course of the hearing.
Touted as the country's biggest accounting fraud, the scam came to light on January 7, 2009, after Raju allegedly confessed to manipulating his company's account books and inflating profits over many years to the tune of several crores of rupees.
Raju was arrested by the Crime Investigation Department of Andhra Pradesh Police two days later along with his brother.
In February that year, CBI took over the investigation and filed three charge sheets (on April 7, 2009, November 24, 2009 and January 7, 2010), which were later clubbed into one.
Raju and others were charged with offences ranging from cheating, criminal conspiracy, forgery, breach of trust, under relevant sections of IPC, by way of inflating invoices and incomes, account falsification, faking fixed deposits, besides allegedly falsifying returns through violation of various I-T laws.
During the trial, the CBI alleged that the scam caused a loss of Rs 14,000 crore to Satyam shareholders, while the defence countered the charges, saying the accused were not responsible for the fraud and all the documents filed by the central agency relating to the case were fabricated and not according to law.
FEATURED ARTICLES

The complete guide to making your morning run the best it can beYou can make every run like this one.Tez Goodyer/Creative Commons
SHARE
Zainab Mudallal @Zainab_Mudallal
September 15, 2014
The benefits of a morning workout are well documented . You get your fitness routine out of the way before a tiring day at work or incessant errands take a toll on your body’s energy. (And cities like New York are better before everyone else gets up , anyway.) Running is one of the more popular ways of getting a quick workout in in the wee hours of the morning. You don’t have to make a trip to the gym; all you need is a pair of good shoes and a banging playlist. At least, that’s how it feels at first.
But running most mornings can get monotonous and even exhausting at times, which can hinder performance. Here are some steps you can take to make sure you consistently finish strong by the time the sun is up.
Eat right
It might be tempting to rush out the door without grabbing a snack, but Dr. Lewis Maharam, former president of the New York chapter of the American College of Sports Medicine, says that is a no-no. “You have to eat something. You can’t just roll out of bed and drink a glass of water and go, you need carbohydrates on board.” Maharam suggests eating 45 minutes before exercising. His favorite before a long run? Bananas and peanut butter on a bagel. For a lighter run, just the banana or half a Cliff bar will do. Other options  include fig cookies, yogurt with fruit, and pretzels with hummus.
Warm up
Taking off running with cold muscles isn’t going to help maximize your potential. Maharam recommends jumping jacks or a light jog to raise your body temperature by half a degree, which should help you get through your run without needing breaks, he said. Aside from the physical benefits that a warm-up provides by  increasing blood flow to your muscles , studies show that warming up can help a runner mentally ease into the workout . One study suggests that dynamic stretching—stretching while in motion—worked better than static stretching when enhancing leg muscle performance (paywall).
Dress the part 
Depending on whether you’re running for speed, training, or just general fitness, wearing the right shoes is crucial to avoiding biomechanical flaws in your set-up and maximizing your experience. If you’re running for speed, try lightweight racing flats to help you go faster. If you’re training for a race, a good structured running shoe with support and control is your best bet.  The right pair of running shoes depends on how often and how long you run, your running style, and where you run, in addition to your arch size and other foot measurements. It’s also important to make sure you aren’t running in shoes that are due for retirement after hitting peak mileage.
Set a goal
Experts say that setting a goal, no matter how small, can improve your performance. Whether it’s getting through 12 songs as fast as possible or running at a steady pace for 30 minutes, knowing you’re working toward something can help you get through it. Maharam says that no matter what sport you’re in, visualizing your activity beforehand can help your performance.
Stay hydrated
Drinking water is critical to your performance and can prevent headaches, muscle cramping, and fatigue that occur when your muscles dry out. For morning runs, experts recommend you drink 6 oz. to 8 oz. of water when you wake up. And while  there is equipment  to help you lug water on your run, just stopping at a water fountain when you’re thirsty will do.
Change it up
If you’re running for pure enjoyment, try varying your runs in terms of length, terrain, pace, intervals, and location to create a more enjoyable experience. For speed and fitness, interval training , which involves running in short bursts at a high intensity, has been proven to help build stamina and speed. One study showed that just two weeks of high-intensity intervals improves aerobic capacity as much as six to eight weeks of endurance training. If you’re looking for more comfort, try running on softer terrain like grass, Maharam says. Switching your route also can help make your run more pleasant by providing a different aesthetic backdrop.
Don’t run
Doing alternative forms of exercise is not only a great boredom buster, but essential for building fitness. When you only do one activity, you only work one set of muscles. Running exclusively can leave you with legs of steel but a flimsy upper body. It’s important to give your leg muscles a break and incorporate things like weight-training or swimming for an alternative workout before hitting the trails again. It gives you  an easier cardio workout , balances out your muscle groups, and helps prevent injuries .
Have a post-run ritual
It might be tempting to skip the stretches after a run, but if you have the time to stretch, you should do it. “Being more flexible makes for a happier experience,” Maharam says. It’s also important to cool down your muscles after working them during a long run. Maharam suggests a quick, cold shower before work or icepacks to relieve inflammation. More importantly, eating and hydrating within 30 minutes of your run are essential for recovery. “You need to have protein to replenish any smaller, microscopic tears [in your muscles] so you don’t have any post soreness, and carbohydrates to replenish all the carbohydrates you burned off,” Maharam says. His post-run snack of choice is chocolate milk. “It has sugar, carbs, protein, fluid, everything.”
Use a jetpack
If all else fails, try this jetpack . It helps soldiers run four-minute miles.
Rest up
But even jetpack-propelled runners can’t just roll out of bed, run out the door, and expect meaningful results. If you don’t start out having had enough sleep, it will be tough to maintain the energy you’ll need throughout your run. Sleep is how your body recovers from a physically demanding workout; it’s also when your brain processes details of your run, cataloging how you used your muscles and turning your run into a learning experience, Dr. Matthew Edlund, director of the Center for Circadian Medicine in Florida, told Runners World in a  recent article  on how to get better rest.
Experts recommend around seven to eight hours of sleep, but some even suggest  as much as 10  to improve athletic performance. This might mean skipping out on drinks to go to bed early. It’s a sacrifice, but being a consistent morning runner takes discipline. In return, you’ll get a great workout and a chance to take your mind off the pressures of work and family life. And harnessing this  stress-relieving effect  in the morning can help you stay in a positive mood for the rest of the day, while giving you you one less thing to worry about doing after work.
Share this:

Need to lower inflation before cutting interest rates  says Raghuram RajanNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

Ford launches refreshed Figo  priced up to Rs 6.09 lakhPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 02:15 PM IST
Ford launches refreshed Figo, priced up to Rs 6.09 lakh
Petrol variant will be available between Rs 3.87 lakh and Rs 5.14 lakh
Ford India today launched a refreshed version of its compact car Ford Figo priced up to Rs Rs 6.09 lakh (ex-showroom Delhi) ahead of the upcoming festival season.
The refreshed Ford Figo will be available at Rs 3.87 lakh to Rs 5.14 lakh for petrol variant and Rs 4.83 lakh to Rs 6.09 lakh (ex-Showroom Delhi) for the diesel option, the company said in a statement.
"With the refreshed look, we are adding even more style to the Figo, which is highly regarded as a reliable vehicle with an outstanding value-for-money proposition," Ford India Executive Director (Marketing, Sales and Service) Vinay Piparsania said.
The new look Ford Figo will have a smoky stealth finish exterior styling elements, including 14 inch alloy wheels, fog lamp bezels and rear bumper valance.
The company said the new Figo range will also continue to offer a 2-year or 1,00,000 kilometre warranty. It is also offering 'Happy Pocket Service' with comprehensive scheduled service with price starting at Rs 2,199.
Top Stories

Karbonn launches Sparkle V Android One smartphone on SnapdealNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

My Missing Kids  Are Safe   Arrested Mom Saysmy missing kids  are safe   arrested mom says
Free diesel prices at the earliest  RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan tells CentreNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

Hero MotoCorp plans to invest Rs 1 600 crore in new plantReuters |  New Delhi Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 02:58 PM IST
Hero MotoCorp plans to invest Rs 1,600 crore in new plant
Plant to be based in AP, say sources; can produce 1.8 mn vehicles annually
Hero MotoCorp Ltd
, India's top maker of motorcycles and scooters, plans to invest Rs 1,600 crore ($262 million) to set up a new manufacturing plant in southern India, a source directly involved in the matter said.
Hero has signed a preliminary agreement with the Andhra Pradesh state government to set up the plant, to be spread across 600 acres, which can produce upto 1.8 million vehicles annually, the source said.
Hero, which has three operational plants and one under construction across India, did not have an immediate comment.
The company also plans to set up a plant in the western state of Gujarat, where construction is expected to begin soon, the company's annual report showed.
(1 US dollar = 61.0150 rupees)
 

No case against Hafiz Saeed:PakistanPrint
India has maintained that Saeed is the mastermind behind Mumbai terror attack in 2008, conspiracy for which was hatched, planned and executed out of Pakistan. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 3:39 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 3:41 pm
On Monday Pakistan made it clear that there was no case against designated terrorist Hafiz Saeed, the mastermind of 26/11 Mumbai terror attack, and he is free to roam in the country.
“Hafiz Saeed is a Pakistani national so he is free to roam around. So what is the problem…he is a free citizen so there is no issue as far as Pakistan is concerned,” Pakistan High Commissioner to India Abdul Basit said when asked why Saeed was working alongside Pakistan army very close to Line of Control.
“Courts have already exonerated him. There is no case pending against him,” he told reporters after an event here.
India has maintained that Saeed is the mastermind behind Mumbai terror attack in 2008, conspiracy for which was hatched, planned and executed out of Pakistan. 166 people were killed in the terror strike. New Delhi has also protested the delay in the on-going trial of the case in Pakistan.
Recently, Saeed, known for his anti-India tirade and designated as a terrorist by the US, has also accused India of indulging in “water-terrorism”.
“On one hand, the Indian government has discharged water in rivers without notification and has given false information, and on the other is ironically offering help,” Saeed has said at a press conference in reference to Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s offer to help Pakistan in the flood crisis.
On one hand, the Indian government has discharged water in rivers without notification and has given false information, and on the other is ironically offering help.
Related

Here are all the countries that dont have a currency of their ownInflation was a minor problem with the Zimbabwean dollar.Reuters/Philimon Bulawayo
Euro: Andorra, Kosovo, Monaco, Montenegro, San Marino, Vatican City.
Following the pattern above, this must be called “euroization.”
Most euro-using countries are neighbors of the European Union, like the principalities of Monaco and Andorra. Montenegro and Kosovo, two of the smallest remnants of what was Yugoslavia, changed currencies twice in less than four years; in 1999, they swapped the Yugoslav dinar for the Deutsche mark, and then each adopted the euro when the notes entered circulation in January 2002.
The turnaround was pretty quick. More than 2.5 billion Deutsche marks were held in Kosovo before 2002, tucked away in mattresses because of a general distrust of banks . These all had to be converted. In the first two weeks of use, for example, Montenegro’s central bank flew in “ two planeloads of euro notes and 40 tons of coins .” In Kosovo, 100,000 bank accounts were opened in just the last month prior to the introduction of the euro.
Countries in a currency union
Euro: Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Luxembourg, Malta, the Netherlands, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, and Spain.
Calls for monetary union in Europe date back to the 1920s, but things got serious when the European Commission (of the European Economic Community, precursor to the European Union) began looking into ways to stabilize fluctuations between the their currencies in the late 1960s. In 1989, the path to monetary union was set out in the Delors report. In 1992, the Maastricht Treaty was signed, which created the EU and set up the path to the launch of the euro in 1999. In 2002, euro notes and coins entered circulation.
There are extensive criteria to join the euro, but nothing in the EU treaties about leaving it—which was unfortunate, as many countries’ finances came under severe strain in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis. (None more so than Greece, which at one pointed owed  $250,000 for each working adult .) While the euro looked doomed for awhile, the problem was solved using one of the best traditions of capitalism: throwing more debt at the problem. Greece was bailed out—twice—and there was one bailout each for Portugal, Ireland, and Cyprus by the euro zone countries and the IMF. Spain’s banks were bailed out, too, and a 500 billion-euro fund was set up to permanently act as a firewall to prevent this from happening again.
Tap image to zoom
People celebrated when euro notes debuted in 2002.Reuters/Kai Pfaffenbach
Currently, 18 countries comprising 330 million people use the euro. All the countries have given up monetary authority to the European Central Bank, which sits in Frankfurt.
East Caribbean dollar: Antigua and Barbuda, Dominica, Grenada, St. Kitts and the Nevis, St. Lucia, and St. Vincent and the Grenadines.
The successor to the British West Indies dollar was created in 1976. The East Caribbean dollar is fixed to the US dollar at a rate of 2.7 to 1. The only member of the Organization of Eastern Caribbean States to not take part is the British Virgin Islands—which uses the US dollar, of course.
CFA franc: Benin, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Guinea-Bissau, Ivory Coast, Mali, Niger, Senegal, and Togo.
It may surprise you to know that 14 countries in Africa also are dependent on the euro, albeit indirectly.
Strictly speaking, there are two currencies between them: Benin, Burkina Faso, Ivory Coast, Guinea-Bissau, Mali, Niger, Senegal, and Togo use the West African franc. Cameroon, Central African Republic, Chad, Republic of the Congo, Equatorial Guinea, and Gabon use the Central African franc. Both currencies are at parity and their notes are interchangeable across all 14 countries, but they have different monetary authorities.
The CFA franc was created in 1945 to spare France’s colonies the pain that the post-World War II revaluation in the French franc would do to their much smaller economies. The CFA franc was set at fixed exchange rates against its French counterpart, and is now fixed against the euro.
Alternatively…
Many places both officially and unofficially allow the trade of foreign currencies alongside their own. Residents from Belize to North Korea  can spend in US dollars, for example. Panama has had the US dollar as legal tender since 1904, alongside the Panamanian balboa, and was viewed as a special case in Latin America because of the Panama Canal and its huge trade links with the world’s richest country. Others are usually based on relative economic might and regional proximities; Lesotho and Namibia also use South Africa’s rand and small islands like Tuvalu and Nauru use Australian dollars.
Tap image to zoom
The yuan was pegged to the dollar until 2005. It has been slowly rising ever since.Reuters/Nicky Loh
Many countries peg their currencies to another nation’s. The Hong Kong dollar, for example, was pegged to the British pound and has been pegged to the US dollar since 1983. It trades within a band of 7.75 to 7.85 HK dollars to the US dollar. How does the Hong Kong Monetary Authority maintain its credibility as the lender of last resort? It has a whopping 120% of Hong Kong’s GDP in foreign-exchange reserves.
The Chinese yuan was pegged to the US dollar until 2005 and has been a managed currency since then—much to the chagrin of the US Congress . The currency is allowed to trade up or down against a basket of currencies up to 1% each day, which was expanded from 0.5% in 2012. Many expect that the band will be widened again and that gains in the yuan will be allowed to accelerate.

Market valuation of BSE listed cos at $1.58 trillionMarket valuation of BSE listed cos at $1.58 trillion
India Inc wants RBI to slash interest ratesIndia Inc wants RBI to slash interest rates
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
With inflation plunging to nearly five-year low of 3.74 per cent in August, India Inc today nudged the Reserve Bank of India to slash the interest rates and lower the cost of capital in its upcoming monetary policy review.
“The industry is severely impacted by high interest rate regime coupled with increased cost of raw materials and wage rate spirals.
“At this juncture, it becomes inevitable to ease the monetary policy stance in terms of a cut in repo rate to facilitate business sentiments and to put the industry on the growth trajectory,” President of PHD Chamber Sharad Jaipuria said.
The Reserve Bank is scheduled to unveil the fourth bi-monthly monetary policy review on September 30.
Declining prices of vegetable and other food articles brought down the wholesale inflation sharply to nearly five-year low of 3.74 per cent in August.
“In order to address the current growth concerns, authorities need to create more conducive conditions to promote economic growth. Specifically, the RBI has to ensure that the cost of finance to the end user becomes competitive in its upcoming bi-monthly monetary policy review,” Assocham Secretary General D S Rawat said.
The inflation measured on Wholesale Price Index (WPI) was at 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August 2013.
“With strong actions coming in from the Government, we are hopeful of a sustained moderation in inflation. Coming shortly before the monetary policy, this should also provide the necessary manoeuvring space to the RBI,” CII Director General Chandrajit Banerjee said.
Vegetable prices contracted 4.88 per cent in August, the third continuous month of decline.
Inflation in the food segment witnessed a significant decline to 5.15 per cent in August against 8.43 per cent in the previous month.
The August WPI inflation is the lowest since October 2009 when it stood at 1.8 per cent.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Garment industry needs huge scale to compete globally: LalbhaiGarment industry needs huge scale to compete globally: Lalbhai
RAMNATH SUBBU
Tweet
September 15, 2014:  
The Indian textile and apparel industry is at a crossroads. With a long history and an established presence globally, Indian players have the chance to cash in on emerging opportunities. Arvind is a recognised brand with a history stretching over eight decades. In a chat with The Hindu, Arvind’s Chairman and Managing Director, Sanjay Lalbhai spoke about the industry, its prospects, and plans for his company going forward. Edited excerpts:
What has been the impact of the slowdown, and what are the opportunities for the Indian textile and apparel industry given the signs of revival in the economy?
The export of Indian textiles as a value chain is doing very well. This is because China is becoming more expensive. Of the global textile trade of around $800 billion, China accounts for 35 per cent at around $270 billion. Their business is growing at 10-15 per cent but at three times India wages and costs. As they continue to be expensive, their government too is not so supportive any more. India has a $ 40billion industry and will benefit from this. I believe we should grow at 15 per cent per annum. But the domestic market has not been at its best as the economy was going through a tough phase but the down-cycle impact was less severe as China’s share was coming here.
Barring denims, the industry players have not done very well. What are issues confronting the industry and is it ripe for consolidation?
In the past, overleveraging and trying to grow too fast without having the relevant consumer base has led to problems. I think the industry has created the highest non-performing assets (NPAs) for banks. A huge amount of assets were created without the proper management back-up. These were created due to subvention on TUFs and benefits. State government and the Centre gave funds at nominal rates. But this is a tough business, and growing fast without systems, processes and consumer base in place because of easy money has been one of the major negatives. Regarding consolidation, once you have created assets indiscriminately, who will buy them? To restructure is both difficult and unwieldy. Bankers are happy to sell us some of the distressed businesses at very lucrative terms but we are not willing to manage that as it is not a viable option. Finally what will happen is difficult to say.
Is further government intervention and help desirable to aid the industry? From an industry perspective, what could the players do to move up to the next level?
The government has already done a lot. The earlier government removed excise duty from the value chain, and the new government is waiting to implement Goods & Services Tax (GST). We have duty drawbacks, state-level incentives on interest subvention, and labour policies are being liberalized. We cannot complain that we are not doing well due to government apathy. As an industry, we do not have scale. Without garmenting happening in-house, getting more market share from China will prove difficult. Companies approach China even though they are much more expensive because they are completely vertically integrated and have huge scale that they get from their dormitories. Although we have scale in fabric, we do not have it in garmenting. At Arvind, we are building a large dormitory near Ahmedabad to house 10,000 women. It can make 15 million garments. We have bought around 42 acres for the purpose but we are awaiting government approval. In the first phase, we will invest around Rs.130 crore to make 6 million jeans in the next few months. But this is not enough and will need to be replicated.
What is the money spinner for Arvind, and what about the business model being followed of getting licences to sell foreign brands here? How does it impact your own brands?
All our businesses are running in excess of 20 per cent Return on Capital Employed (ROCE) which is the cut-off for us. The new business of technical textiles -protective textiles, industrial textiles, composites and non-wovens - has reached this level, and others are in different stages. Our own businesses like garmenting, denims, voiles, shirtings, and knits are growing at 20-35 per cent ROCE. As far as laggards are concerned, we will not continue something, if it is not working out. It has to have a logical game-plan. If we do not see potential, we will cut it out with no emotions attached. Among brands, 4-5 established brands are at good ROCEs, while half-a-dozen are operating profit positive but still bleeding. Debenhams is not doing so well while Next and Nautica are doing very well. We will keep looking for iconic international brands as the slot here is available. We keep looking at international opportunities but also establishing our domestic business – Arvind, Mega Mart, Flying Machine, Creyate etc. We also have a plethora of private labels coming through our on-line platforms because that is the most cost-effective way of delivering on-line private labels.
Are you still open to brand acquisitions? What is the ticket size you are comfortable with?
With consolidation happening, domestic brands are available. I would buy a well established brand at the right price. As far as ticket price goes, we would not like to leverage our balance sheet but if it is an interesting proposition, I could consider private equity. Because if your objective is to create value and not ownership and control, then money is not a constraint as people are willing to write a cheque if I agree to get a piece of the pie. Ticket size is restricted by our free cash flows, which are around Rs.700 crore. I will borrow Rs.200-300 crore working capital, increasing it each year. I am looking at total debt to EBIDTA and that has to keep on improving. The financial boundaries are very clearly established by the board, and for anything beyond that, we will go for private equity.
What about the newer forays like real estate and recent e-commerce venture performing?
We have very ambitious plans for real estate. There are a lot of investors entering India and they are not mandated to invest in real estate businesses and prefer our brand, retail and textile businesses. So we decided to give the real estate business back to shareholders of Arvind. It is being spun off and will be subsequently listed. The business has done very well in a bad market. We have 11 ongoing projects in Ahmedabad and Bengaluru. Although Ahmedabad has slowed down, Bengaluru has the appetite for 4-5 more projects. We will increase geographies only gradually. All new projects have come in as special purpose vehicles (SPVs) and we are not leveraging the balance sheet. As regards our e-commerce business, we know how to build a brand, know about apparels, have design capabilities and have the supply chain in place. We will marry the e-commerce with this, and go through the omni channel. The Bricks and clicks business will have to co-exist as you need bricks to return rejects and to experience the products. We are well poised to deliver a lot of concepts and some niche products too. E-commerce is a high risk business with a different calibre of people. If the venture needs lot of funding, we could go the private equity way. Listing it is also a possibility.
What are the plans for your mainstay – textiles and apparels? Are there plans for an overseas foray?
While brands, retail, real estate and technical textiles are all exciting areas, in the old textiles space, the question remains how to create scale in garmenting. Do we stay in India or go to Africa because I believe that in 10 years, textiles is going to be all about Africa and not India because Indian textiles will remain for this market but the global business will move. Africa is going to be more competitive on labour cost, and, as a continent, is going to emerge as a large domestic play. They have bilateral treaties with Europe and the U.S. We are looking to set up manufacturing facilities in Ethiopia because of the excellent governance and the earlier mentioned advantages. We will start small to understand the geography, logistics and politics. Initially, we will start with exports to Europe and the U.S. The fabrics will go from here, and the initial investment will be in garmenting facilities which do not entail heavy capital expenditure. It is a measured initiative, and we will start very soon.
(This article first appeared in The Hindu dated September 15, 2014)
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Gilead licenses hepatitis C drug to Cipla  Ranbaxy  5 othersReuters |  New Delhi/Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 03:38 PM IST
Gilead licenses hepatitis C drug to Cipla, Ranbaxy, 5 others
Companies will be allowed to set their own prices for the generic drug
US drugmaker Gilead Sciences Inc
said on Monday it has licensed its hepatitis C drug to seven companies including Cipla Ltd
and Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd
to make it available in 91 developing countries including India.
Cadila Healthcare
, Mylan Laboratories Ltd, Sequent Scientific Ltd
, Strides Arcolab Ltd
and Hetero Drugs Ltd are the others who will now be able to make and sell the Sovaldi generic, the company said in a statement.
The companies will be allowed to set their own prices for the generic drug, and will pay a royalty on their earned sales to Gilead, it said.
Gilead's Sovaldi, chemically sofosbuvir, is hailed as a breakthrough in treating hepatitis C, but the company has come under fire over its product's $1,000-per-pill price tag in the United States.
Top Stories

Will play an active role to clear doubts on Muslim laws:AIMPLBPress Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: September 15, 2014 4:04 pm
In the wake of a raging controversy over the issue of ‘Love Jihad ‘ raised by right wing outfits, All India Muslim Personal Law Board has decided to remove misconceptions among people with regard to the subject besides concepts pertaining to the Islamic law.
At a conference on ‘Islamic laws of Nikah, Polygamy and Adoption’ organised  Sunday night, AIMPLB decided to enhance the activities of its Tafheem-e-Shariat committee to remove misconceptions about different aspects of the Sharia Law, the board’s member Maulana Khalid Rasheed Farangimahli said on Monday.
“Several speakers expressed concern over topics such as a non-Islamic subject like ‘Love Jihad’ being made an issue, attempts to spread hatred among the new generation about Islam, wrong reporting in media on Sharia law, presenting the Sharia views in a distorted manner in the courts.”
“AIMPLB’s efforts will be to underline the need to remove doubts among non-Muslims on Sharia and other issues,” he said.
‘Love Jihad’ is the term being used by right wing Hindu outfits while referring to alleged conversion of Hindu girls through marriage, a concept which has been dubbed as “false propaganda” by Muslim religious leaders and scholars saying that Islam does not allow forced conversions.
Farangimahli said the Tafheem-e-Shariat committee would apprise the people, especially Muslim lawyers, on the concepts of nikah (marriage), polygamy, adoption and other such issues through seminars, books and other means, with a view to provide them better knowledge on these subjects so that they can present their case in the court properly, he said.
Besides the committee would also distribute pamphlets, books and use media for the purpose.
To clear misconceptions, AIMPLB had organised similar conferences in Mumbai, Hyderabad, Bengaluru, Delhi and Aligarh and it now plans to hold another such conference next month in Allahabad, Farangimahli said, adding that by February next year, six such conferences would be organised in the country.
The speakers at the conference especially made reference to the allegations on Muslims regarding polygamy and pointed out that Islam permits it only under special circumstances, Farangimahli said.
Love Jihad being made an issue, attempts to spread hatred among the new generation about Islam, wrong reporting in media on Sharia law, presenting the Sharia views in a distorted manner in the courts.
Related

This is what the Android One smartphones will looklikePrint
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 3:55 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 7:40 am
So Android One is here. The first three Android One devices are all by Indian manufacturers and it will be a couple of months before other markets start seeing these budget phones.
In India, three devices will start becoming available today — the Micromax Canvas A1, Karbonn Sparkles V and Spice Dreams Uno.
However, except for minor differences in the design, all these phones will be identical as far as specifications go.
Here is what the spec sheet looks like:
Screen: 4.5-inch (854x480p, 218ppi) capacitive touch screen .
Size: 134mm height, 68mm width, 9.3mm depth and 140g weight.
Cameras: 2MP front and 5MP rear
Video: 30fps 1080p recording
Memory: 4GB (about 2.5GB is used up by software) with 32GB expandable slot
CPU: Cortex A7 1.3 GHz quad core MediaTek processor
GPU: ARM Mali-400MP2

Chandrababu Naidu holds e-Cabinet meetinggovernment
Taking a step further in eGovernance, the Andhra Pradesh state Cabinet has now gone paperless.
Wielding iPads in their hands, Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu and his Council of Ministers today conducted a meeting of what is being called “eCabinet”, a first-of-its-kind initiative in the country.
It was a regular meeting of the state Cabinet, but the uniqueness this time was that it is paperless, with the government switching over to the electronic format in conducting the proceedings.
The agenda and the minutes of the meeting were all electronically recorded while power-point presentation was made on important subjects for elaborate discussion, sources in the Chief Minister’s Office said.
Andhra Pradesh government, during Mr. Naidu’s previous stint as Chief Minister between 1995 and 2004, had been a pioneer in launching various eGovernance initiatives.
Now, during his current tenure, the Chief Minister is making use of the advances in technology like Cloud to further eGovernance and the eCabinet is a “momentous” initiative, the CMO sources pointed out.
For the eCabinet, a new file-sharing system has been put in place using the FileCloud tool for ministers and top bureaucrats.
After a recent trial run, the new system has been used for the first time today and is expected to become a permanent feature of the Cabinet meetings from now on.

Century Extrusions: Outcome of AGMSep 15, 2014, 04.08 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Century Extrusions: Outcome of AGM
Century Extrusions Ltd has informed BSE that the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Century Extrusions: Outcome of AGM
Century Extrusions Ltd has informed BSE that the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Century Extrusions Ltd has informed BSE that the 26th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 05, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

GSFC may touch Rs 160-170  says Phani Sekhar02:00 pm
Phani Sekhar, Fund Manager-PMS at Angel Broking told CNBC-TV18, "We hold  Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals (GSFC) in our portfolio. We have been quite positive on this space and generally GSFC for sometime now. We believe that the management targets are achievable. More importantly, the fertiliser policy has been in real shambles over the last three-four years and with the government’s stated interest in reviving agriculture, it is imperative that they will have to come out with a viable fertiliser policy and GSFC happens to be one of the prime beneficiaries of the same."
He further added, "The last two years have not been good on the back of lack of concrete policy as well as higher input prices; both of them are going to change or already beginning to change which would show up in the results going forward. The stock is extremely cheap even after the run up and I believe that if the investors stretches the time horizon to close to two-three years, one can look at price target of closer to Rs 160-170."
RELATED NEWS

Shree Ram Urban Infra: Updates on outcome of board meetingShree Ram Urban Infra: Updates on outcome of board meeting
Maharashtra polls: Negotiations on with Shiv Sena  says BJPMaharashtra polls: Negotiations on with Shiv Sena  says BJP
Inflation dip: India Inc says RBI should cut ratesInflation dip: India Inc says RBI should cut rates
Inspiring story:  The Ugly Indian  is cleaning up dirty citiesHi Guest
Inspiring story: 'The Ugly Indian' is cleaning up dirty cities
'The Ugly Indian' in Bangalore is inspiring people across India to transform the cities they live in, one mile at a time, finds Indulekha Aravind. It is perhaps the best kind of uprising - without banners, newsroom debates or vehement netas.   Instead, what it does have is a simple but effective slogan: "Kaam Chalu, Mooh Bandh!" (roughly translated as 'Stop Talking, Start Working').   The residents of Bangalore might be familiar with the work of The Ugly Indian, an anonymous group born in 2010 ...

Hold HDFC Bank  says Kunal BothraLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Hold HDFC Bank, says Kunal Bothra
Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP advises holding HDFC Bank.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP told CNBC-TV18, "One should continue holding HDFC Bank . If investors are looking for at least 10-15 percent kind of an annual return from the stock, this could be motivating enough for the investor to hold on to HDFC Bank."
HDFC Bank ended at Rs 859.75, up Rs 4.40, or 0.51 percent.
The share touched its 52-week high Rs 869.50 and 52-week low Rs 609.85 on 09 September, 2014 and 30 September, 2013, respectively.
RELATED NEWS

Book some profits in HFCL: Kunal Bothra02:00 pm
Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP told CNBC-TV18, " Himachal Futuristic Communication (HFCL) has broken the all time high of Rs 21.70-21.72 odd, which was the previous high. So in terms of breakout in technical charts, the momentum is fairly good but from a cautious perspective, it is better if you can probably book some bit of profits over here and then look to have a higher target of Rs 28-30."
Himachal Futuristic Communication ended at Rs 23.64, up Rs 1.67, or 7.60 percent. It has touched a 52-week high of Rs 24.37.
RELATED NEWS

Buy GSFC on declines  says Kunal BothraLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Buy GSFC on declines, says Kunal Bothra
According to Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP, one may buy Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals on declines.
Post your opinion here
02:00 pm
Kunal Bothra, Head of Advisory at LKP told CNBC-TV18, "The sudden spurt in  Gujarat State Fertilizers & Chemicals (GSFC) over the last three-four trading sessions - from Rs 70-75 it has jumped to more than Rs 100 - calls or warrants for some sort of a correction or consolidation."
"At levels of Rs 115-120 is where the investors could probably look at the first tranche of profit booking and if it comes back to Rs 100, that is where you can probably look to buy back again. At this point of time the ideal strategy should be to have a trailing stoploss of Rs 92 on GSFC," he added.
RELATED NEWS

MakeMyTrip hikes technology spend to boost salesBS Reporter |  Mumbai: Sep 16, 2014
Last Updated at 12:45 AM IST
MakeMyTrip raises technology spend to boost sales
The online portal last week announced $ 15 mn innovation fund to invest in travel technology start-ups
To increase sales across channels and offer personalised experience to customers, MakeMyTrip plans to step up investment in technology solutions.
The move comes at a time when online portals are witnessing a spurt in the number of bookings using mobile apps.  The mobile phone platform accounts for about 30 per cent of the portal’s monthly unique visitors and 14 per cent of online transactions.
MakeMyTrip, the largest domestic online portal by market share, announced a $15 million innovation fund last week to invest in travel technology start-ups.
“We are currently investing significantly to address both our front-end and back-end capabilities. At present, most investment is taking place in developing technology in-house,” said Sharat Singh, MakeMyTrip’s chief technology officer. The company, however, refused to share the investment sum.
According to Singh, the investments will be used to scale up the global supplier platform to get real-time pricing and inventory updates from suppliers such as hotels, bus operators and airlines, leveraging big data for personalised travel experience.
"Personalisation will play in key role in all forms of travel whether business, leisure or activity oriented as customers expect more personal experiences. The goal is to provide travel experiences and services that have a lifestyle appeal, and not just specific functional benefits,'' he added.
"We have agreed to create a fund of $15 million, which is 10% of cash on our balance sheet, to be focused on young and new ventures in the travel technology space for our market.
This is an additional prong of our inorganic growth strategy by pursuing M&A opportunities in the travel technology space,'' the portal's co-founder and group CEO Deep Kalra said last week. It has set up six member committee comprising of its board members to identify target companies for investment.
Top Stories

Mine Worker Allegedly Fired For Not Donating To GOP Candidatesreddit
A mine worker says she was fired because she did not donate to Murray Energy CEO Robert Murray's favored GOP candidates, according to a lawsuit filed last week in a West Virginia court.
The complaint, first reported by the Charleston Gazette , claims that Jean F. Cochenour, a former Murray Energy foreman at a Marion County mine in West Virginia, received multiple letters from the CEO instructing her to donate to specific GOP candidates with strong pro-coal positions, and even included recommended donation sums for Republican Senate candidates like Scott Brown and Terri Land.
Cochenour was then fired in early May for her refusal to donate, and her for gender, she claims. She was reportedly the only female preparation plant foreman at the company.
In response to an inquiry from The Huffington Post, a spokesperson for Murray Energy called the lawsuit "baseless," "blatantly false" and "an attempt to extort money" from the company.
"Ms. Cochenour was fired because she failed to perform her job adequately," the company's statement, emailed to HuffPost, said. "Undoubtedly, her lack of management cost Murray Energy Corporation hundreds of thousands of dollars."
CEO Robert Murray has been a voracious defender of the coal industry, and his Murray Energy Corporation Political Action Committee has funneled hundreds of thousands of dollars every year exclusively to Republican candidates . The lawsuit alleges that Murray has a “long history” of requiring his managers to donate to the PAC.
Murray Energy workers have previously claimed that their boss forced them to attend partisan political events without pay, including for a high-profile Romney campaign event in 2012.
"If you don't contribute, your job is at stake," an anonymous employee told The New Republic in 2012.
In the new lawsuit, Cochenour says she received such requests monthly, and that contributions had to be directly returned to Murray in a self-addressed envelope. She alleges that all managers were expected to voluntarily contribute 1 percent of their annual salary to the PAC.
Murray Energy Corporation told HuffPost that while the CEO encourages his employees to donate, he "deliberately never knows who gives to his fundraisers and who does not," and claims that the fundraising events "are merely an attempt to support the coal industry and to save the jobs in it from the ongoing destruction of them."
But internal documents reveal that company officials are indeed tracking who donates and who doesn't, according to the 2012 New Republic investigation.
The lawsuit states Cochenour was fired under the pretext that she had allowed some employees to work overtime on a weekend, even though she wasn't in charge of scheduling and employees regularly worked overtime on weekends. She and two male foremen were fired over this scheduling conflict, but the male foremen were quickly rehired, according to the lawsuit. Cochenour says she was "singled out" for her failure to donate and her status as the only female foreman, but fired under the guise of this overtime work issue.
A letter from Murray attached to the lawsuit includes donation forms for Republican Senate candidates Scott Brown of New Hampshire, Ed Gillespie of Virginia, Terri Land of Michigan and Mike McFadden of Minnesota. A letter also describes how "our jobs are being destroyed by President Barack Obama, his appointed bureaucrats, and his supporters in the U.S. House and Senate."
State and federal election laws prohibit employers from coercing their employees to make political contributions.
You can read the lawsuit in its entirety here.
More:

Gold  silver extend losses on global cues  sluggish demandNew Delhi, September 12, 2014
Updated: September 12, 2014 15:08 IST
Gold, silver extend losses on global cues, sluggish demand
PTI
gold and precious material
Gold prices fell further by Rs. 195 to close at fresh three-month low of Rs. 27,415 per ten gram in the national capital on Friday on continued selling by stockists, driven by weakening global trend.
Silver remained under selling pressure and lost another Rs. 600 to Rs. 41,300 per kg on reduced off-take by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said sentiment remained weak after gold dropped to a seven-month low and silver slumped to the lowest since June 2013 in global markets as speculation that U.S. borrowing costs will rise sooner-than-expected strengthened the dollar, eroding demand for precious metals as alternative investment.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, fell by 0.7 per cent to $1,232.33 an ounce, the lowest since January 23, and silver by 1.3 per cent to $18.46 an ounce, the lowest since June 28, 2013.
Besides, fading domestic demand due to ongoing Sharads, an inauspicious fortnight in Hindu mythology for making new purchases influenced the sentiment to some extent, they said.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity fell by Rs. 195 each to Rs. 27,415 and Rs. 27,215 per ten gram respectively, a level last seen on June 13. It had lost Rs. 190 on Thursday. Sovereign followed suit and declined by Rs. 100 to Rs. 24,400 per piece of eight gram.
In a similar fashion, silver ready dropped by Rs. 600 to Rs. 41,300 per kg and weekly-based delivery by Rs. 690 to Rs. 41,200 per kg. The white metal had lost Rs. 270 in last trade.
Silver coins nosedived by Rs. 3,000 to Rs. 71,000 for buying and Rs. 72,000 for selling of 100 pieces on poor demand.

Ivy League Schools Don t Guarantee A Great Job Right Out Of Collegereddit
Don’t go to an Ivy League school if you want to make a lot of money or have a meaningful job right after graduation.
Of course, an education from one of the northeast's elite league of colleges can earn graduates loads of money and satisfaction over a lifetime. But according to a data collected by the salary research firm PayScale, no Ivy League school cracks the top 10 when it comes to early career pay or how meaningful graduates find their jobs. And for mid-career pay, only Yale -- in 10th place -- made it into the best schools.
Instead, schools that specialize in engineering, mathematics, science and technology topped the list of early career earners, with California Institute of Technology in first place, followed closely by Harvey Mudd College and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
PayScale's data isn't perfect. For the report, the company sifted out the 1.4 million people with college or graduate school degrees who had responded to its online salary survey, which is open to anyone. After vetting some of the self-reported numbers to make sure they fit within economic brackets for those careers, the company whittled down the list to look at graduates of the 1,000 schools in its report.
The data is also self-selective. PayScale only has numbers from people who bothered to fill out its online survey on their own, so some of the colleges may not be well-represented in the data.
However, the report contains some interesting insights. Many of the schools with top earners are those that specialize in engineering and science. And when it comes to meaningful work, health services came out on top. The University of Texas Medical Branch, Medical College of Georgia and Viterbo University, which has a strong nursing program, were among the top five schools with graduates reporting highly satisfying careers.
Many lesser-known schools also ranked highly on PayScale's list, proving that smaller, local colleges and universities can provide great value.
See how your school ranked or sort the data below with this chart, created by The Huffington Post Associate Infographics Editor Alissa Scheller :
Source: PayScale
More:

Wall St. declines with energy  ends five-week string of gainsWall St. rallies; S&P 500 posts best day since August
The market rebounds as investor confidence grows
The market rebounds as investor confidence grows.
The market rebounds as investor confidence grows.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
Job Reports and Statistics Job Market NASDAQ NYSE Euronext, Inc. Financial Markets
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The S&P 500 posted its best day since August on Friday following a stronger-than-expected September U.S. jobs report that bolstered the outlook for the U.S. economy.
Despite the rally, however, major indexes ended down for the week, with the first diagnosis of Ebola in a patient in the United States and protests in Hong Kong among the main catalysts for sharp selling earlier in the week.
The Labor Department reported that U.S. non-farm payrolls rose by 248,000 last month and the jobless rate fell two-tenths of a point to 5.9 percent.
Apart from geopolitical concerns, investors are becoming increasingly worried about the global economy, and especially Europe, weakening again. ( Gail MarksJarvis )
"There were a number of fears in the market, and the market had been giving up a lot of its gains. I think the jobs report took away a lot of the near-term concerns about the pace of the U.S. economy's (growth)," said Robbert Van Batenburg, director of market strategy at Newedge USA LLC in New York.
A Reuters survey on Friday showed most of Wall Street's top bond firms still see the Federal Reserve starting to raise interest rates no later than June of next year.
8
All 10 S&P sectors ended in positive territory, though the S&P energy index was the day's weakest and ended barely higher following further declines in oil prices . The energy index was down 3.8 percent for the week.
Financial and healthcare shares were among the day's biggest positives. The Dow Jones transportation average also rallied, ending up 2.1 percent, its biggest daily percentage gain since March, as airline stocks jumped. Shares of Delta Air Lines rose 4.7 percent to $36.95.
The Russell 2000 index rose 0.8 percent, but was down 1.3 percent for the week, its fifth straight week of losses.
You mean all the comments I've made about the recovery being false were true? I can't say I'm surprised!
Jackie Puppet
92
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 208.64 points, or 1.24 percent, to 17,009.69, the S&P 500 gained 21.73 points, or 1.12 percent, to 1,967.9 and the Nasdaq Composite added 45.43 points, or 1.03 percent, to 4,475.62.
For the week, the Dow was down 0.6 percent, the S&P 500 was down 0.8 percent and the Nasdaq was down 0.8 percent.
The largest percentage gainer on the New York Stock Exchange was Zendesk INC , which rose 16.93 percent to $25.55, while the largest percentage decliner was Cliffs Natural Resources , down 16.80 percent at $8.32.
Among the most active stocks on the NYSE were Rite Aid , up 0.80 percent at $5.03 and Brazil's Petrobras , up 4.33 percent to $13.97.
On the Nasdaq, Apple , down 0.3 percent to $99.62, and Yahoo , up 1.3 percent at $41.03, were among the most actively traded.
Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by 2,067 to 989, for a 2.09-to-1 ratio on the upside; on the Nasdaq, 1,776 issues rose and 895 fell for a 1.98-to-1 ratio also favoring advancers.
The benchmark S&P 500 index posted 14 new 52-week highs and five new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 36 new highs and 54 new lows.
About 6.6 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges, compared with the 7 billion average for the last five sessions, according to data from BATS Global Markets.
(Editing by James Dalgleish)

Robotics maker ReWalk leaps in first day tradingRobotics maker ReWalk soars 113% in debut
By: Gary Strauss September 12, 2014 5:38 pm
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Investor appetite for IPOs turned to little known Israeli robotics maker ReWalk Robotics RWLK Friday, with shares soaring $13.60 to $25.60  (113%) in their debut.
ReWalk, formerly know as Argo Medical Technologies, raised $36 million in the 3-million share offering. The company makes motorized, wearable robotic exoskeletons used to help those who are paralyzed  from the waist down regain mobility.  ReWalks  have been marketed in Europe since 2012 and received Food and Drug Administration approval for U.S. use in June.
ReWalk Person is designed for personal, everyday use, while ReWalk Rehabilitation is designed for hospital and rehab center therapy. Through August, over 400 patients have been trained on ReWalk products,  which were developed over a decade by company founder Dr. Amit Goffer, a quadriplegic.
According to company filings, almost 80% of 273,000  U.S. patients with spinal cord injuries could be candidates for existing or future  ReWalk products, as well as about half the nation’s 400,000 residents suffering from multiple sclerosis. Those suffering from strokes and  cerebral palsy could also be target markets.
The company posted 2013 revenue of $1.6 million, up 63% from 2012. Through the first six months of 2014, ReWalk had revenue of $945,000, up 18% over the first half of 2013.
Still, at almost $70,000, ReWalks  are expensive. And while ReWalk expects insurers, government programs such as the Veterans Administration and managed care programs to eventually cover costs, no private insurer currently covers or reimburses costs for personal use.
 

Spinach & peas sauteed with worm on Air India flightWorm found in sandwich served on Air India flight
Sanjay Singh     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 13, 2014  | 18:07 IST
In a glaring instance of Air India 's (AI) shoddy service, a chief engineer in the Merchant Navy had to go through the shocking experience of eating a good half of a worm that got mixed in the breakfast served on Pune-Delhi flight No. AI852 on September 11.
The half-eaten worm found in the breakfast served to a Merchant Navy chief engineer Pune-Delhi flight No. AI852 on September 11.
By the time the passenger, Mahesh A. Patil, saw the worm, he had already eaten half of it along with the garlic sauteed spinach and peas served with spring omelette. An aghast Patil cried in horror when he saw the worm, which lay exposed on his tray after he had eaten most of the meal.
Subsequently, he lodged a formal complaint with the crew and also reported the matter to flight commander Captain Deepak Mendiratta. Patil was seated in the upper economy J class. Patil's complaint states, "Found half-cut worm in green peas breakfast menu." He was offered another breakfast but curtly refused.
Some other passengers gave up their breakfast in disgust, a passenger who was also on board told MAIL TODAY. The food was supplied by Chefair, one of Air India's regular caterers.
AI chairman and managing director Rohit Nandan said that no such complaint has reached his office. "I have asked the concerned officers to inquire and take remedial action if it is found to be true," Nandan told MAIL TODAY. AI crew members have also been complaining about stale food being served by the airline's caterers. "We don't eat the food supplied by Air India caterers for breakfast, lunch or dinner on board. We only have coffee, tea or biscuits," said a cabin crew member. Another cabin crew member said, "The senior management of our airline do not get to know of such complaints lodged by passengers. At times, we face the brunt of passengers. The most we can do is to complain about such cases concerning unhygienic food to our immediate seniors."
A crew member said, "For example, we have 43 flights in the morning from Delhi itself. Obviously, caterers will not serve breakfast prepared in the morning; it is just not possible. What passengers will get is stale food." Recently, a couple on board a Hyderabad-Delhi flight complained of fungus in bread served to them. In October 2013, an AI passenger found worms in a sandwich served to him on a New York-Delhi flight.
 

MCX Gold: Trader can use sell on higher level strategy  says Vivek GuptaNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

3 Ways Your Kids Can Get You HackedIf you haven't seen the trailers for "Gone Girl," you probably don't know what anyone is talking about these days....
20th Century Fox

What It s Really Like To Be CelibateFor Some, It’s No Sex Before Marriage. For Them, It’s No Sex Until...
www.upworthy.com
reddit
www.upworthy.com:
My name is Isaac. I'm 31 years old and I live in Brooklyn. My first attempt with celibacy had to do with me traveling to the Amazon and working with various plants down there.
Click here to view Conversations
Conversations
Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day..
Facebook
Copyright ©2014 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved.
Part of AOL Family
Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story.
Notify message

Mars Curiosity rover reaches its primary destinationUpdated: September 14, 2014 14:03 IST
Mars Curiosity rover reaches its primary destination
PTI
AP Curiosity’s trek up the mountain will begin with an examination of the mountain’s lower slopes.
TOPICS
space programme
After more than two years of touching down on Mars, NASA’s Curiosity rover has finally reached the foothills of Mount Sharp, the primary destination it was designed to explore.
Mount Sharp is a Mount-Rainier-size mountain at the centre of the vast Gale Crater and the rover mission’s long-term prime destination.
“Curiosity now will begin a new chapter from an already outstanding introduction to the world,” said Jim Green, director of NASA’s Planetary Science Division at NASA Headquarters in Washington.
“After a historic and innovative landing along with its successful science discoveries, the scientific sequel is upon us,” said Green.
Curiosity’s trek up the mountain will begin with an examination of the mountain’s lower slopes.
The rover is starting this process at an entry point near an outcrop called Pahrump Hills, rather than continuing on to the previously-planned, further entry point known as Murray Buttes.
“It has been a long but historic journey to this Martian mountain,” said Curiosity Project Scientist John Grotzinger of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena.
Curiosity currently is positioned at the base of the mountain along a pale, distinctive geological feature called the Murray formation.
Compared to neighbouring crater-floor terrain, the rock of the Murray formation is softer and does not preserve impact scars, as well. As viewed from orbit, it is not as well-layered as other units at the base of Mount Sharp.
Curiosity reached its current location after its route was modified earlier this year in response to excessive wheel wear.
In late 2013, the team realised a region of Martian terrain littered with sharp, embedded rocks was poking holes in four of the rover’s six wheels.
This damage accelerated the rate of wear and tear beyond that for which the rover team had planned.
In response, the team altered the rover’s route to a milder terrain, bringing the rover farther south, towards the base of Mount Sharp.
After landing inside Gale Crater in August 2012, Curiosity fulfilled in its first year of operations its major science goal of determining whether Mars ever offered environmental conditions favourable for microbial life.

Dont celebrate my birthday  instead help J&K: Modiflood
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Sunday appealed to friends and well-wishers not to celebrate his birthday and instead dedicate time and resources towards relief work in this hour of need for flood-ravaged Jammu and Kashmir.
Mr. Modi’s appeal came amid plans to celebrate his birthday on September 17, 2014 across the country, including in Gujarat where he will be present that day.
“I am hearing from different places that friends & well-wishers are planning various programmes and events for my birthday. My humble request - do not celebrate my birthday.
“Instead, dedicate yourselves towards relief work in Jammu and Kashmir through your time and resources. The need of the hour is to stand shoulder to shoulder with our sisters and brothers of Jammu and Kashmir,” Mr. Modi tweeted ahead of his 64th birthday.
I am hearing from different places that friends & well-wishers are planning various programmes & events for my birthday.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 14, 2014
My humble request- do not celebrate my birthday. Instead, dedicate yourselves towards relief work in J&K through your time & resources.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 14, 2014
Mr. Modi, who will be in Gujarat on September 17, will start his day by taking blessings of his 95-year-old mother Hiraba following which celebrations by state administration and BJP have been planned to mark his birthday.
But the Prime Minister said “there will be no birthday celebrations”.
“On 17th, President Xi Jinping will be in Gujarat. We look forward to extending a warm welcome to him but there will be no birthday celebrations,” Mr. Modi said.
On 17th, President Xi Jinping will be in Guj. We look forward to extending a warm welcome to him but there will be no birthday celebrations.

Bill stuck so cannot create DNA data bank: Centre to SCPrint
Written by Utkarsh Anand | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 2:51 am
The Centre has informed the Supreme Court that the Human DNA Profiling Bill was currently held up and hence it was not in a position to create a national DNA data bank. It cited privacy concerns, lack of experts and handful laboratories as the prime reasons for not being able to push the Bill aimed at profiling the accused of serious crimes, and unidentified dead.
“DNA Profiling Bill is at present held up because privacy concerns have been raised by certain experts and NGOs. These concerns are being addressed by an Expert Committee set up by the Department of Biotechnology,” the Ministry of Science and Technology stated in a recent affidavit, adding the Committee was awaiting relevant inputs on the matter.
The apex court had in July suggested the Centre to create a DNA data bank, while agreeing with a plea by NGO Lokniti Foundation that establishment of identity was an essential feature of individual dignity and the government must resort to modern scientific methods.
The proposal to create a national DNA data bank was originally mooted in 2007, but it was dropped to factor in ethical, moral and legal issues on the sensitive matter. Crafted by the Department of Biotechnology, the Bill allows Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) profiling to help national law enforcement agencies and others in crime investigation and civil proceedings.
The government said DNA profiling was a complex technology, and that these activities needed appropriate regulation to prevent the misuse of the samples and DNA profiles, which could be achieved by the provisions in the draft Human DNA Profiling Bill.
The government stated that the proposed framework required “large number of trained personnel, which the country does not have at the moment.” It said that as per the international standards, one DNA examiner can undertake 100 cases per year and hence, only for the purpose of identifying 40,000 unidentified dead bodies, India would need at least 400 examiners.
However, the government said, the country had only 30 to 40 DNA experts against an estimated requirement of around 800 technical examiners for its 1,200 million population. “Therefore, it is necessary to set up large number of DNA testing units with skilled personnel who are capable of handling forensic DNA testing for identification of unidentified dead bodies,” it said.
Further, the process is resource-intensive as Rs 20,000 is the average cost of each test and the estimated cost of identifying 40,000 bodies would be Rs 80 crore every year, in addition to the remuneration of the examiners and support staff.
Related

Google to start searching for Android One success from India todayPrint
The idea of Android One is to offer a pure Android experience at $100
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 8:19 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 10:09 am
Google is all set to launch the first set of affordable Android One smartphones from India on Monday. It has tied up with local manufacturers Micromax, Spice and Karbonn as well as chipmaker MediaTek to bring in smartphones which could be priced around Rs 5,000 to the booming Indian market. Achieving the $100 mark here will let Google replicate the model in other similar markets of Latin America and South East Asia.
However, the situation is not as easy as it sounds. There are already a handful of good Android smartphones priced just above the $100 mark in India. Google will have to offer a value proposition that is good enough for these customers to not increase their budget by 10 or 20 per cent and opt for the existing models like Moto E, Micromax Unite or Xiaomi Redmi 1S.
When Sundar Pichai, Google’s SVP of Android, Chrome & Apps, first announced Android one at Google I/O in June, he said the phones will try and bring the ‘pure Android’ experience to the $100 price point with a 4.5-inch screen, dual SIM and expandable memory. But a lot has happened since. For instance, Mozilla has used the Indian market to test its ultra-low cost smartphone models with prices starting as low as Rs 1,990 (or $35).
Also, if the Flipkart goof-up over the weekend, when it listed one of the Android One smartphones before its launch, is any indication, then the price point will need some serious tweaking to get buyers interested. India’s leading e-tailer listed the Spice Android One Dream UNO Mi-498 phone at Rs 6,999. Given its specs, the phone does not seem to be much better than the existing budget Android phones.
But a lot of people might be wooed by the offer of a Nexus-like pure Android experience, which is unheard of at these price points. Plus, as has been the case with a lot of budget phone launches, there could be a last minute price change that makes the device much more appealing. We won’t be surprised if the final price point is more Rs 4,999 than 6,999. Also, like with the Firefox phones, there could be multiple variants at ever Rs 500 ($10) price point.
According to Forbes , Google has indicated that it “could work with mobile carriers to package the devices with inexpensive internet connectivity”. While this model has never really worked in India, it has the potential to at least get more people hooked to smartphones and the Internet.
Related

Markets await Scottish vote   be very much concernedSep 15, 2014, 08.21 AM IST  | Source: CNBC
Markets await Scottish vote, 'be very much concerned'
The upcoming Scotland vote has led investors to sell shares of Scottish companies, place bearish bets on the British pound—and worry about the widespread implications of the potential Scotland split-off.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Markets await Scottish vote, 'be very much concerned'
The upcoming Scotland vote has led investors to sell shares of Scottish companies, place bearish bets on the British pound—and worry about the widespread implications of the potential Scotland split-off.
Post your opinion here
 
On Thursday, Scotland will take to the polls to determine whether it wants to break off from the United Kingdom. And while even a vote in favor would simply be the beginning of a long and extremely complex process, all of a sudden, markets are paying rapt attention to the potential outcome.
The upcoming Scotland vote has led investors to sell shares of Scottish companies, place bearish bets on the British pound—and worry about the widespread implications of the potential Scotland split-off.
"If you have investments in the UK, you should be very much concerned," said Oliver Harvey, macro strategist at Deutsche Bank. "A 'yes' vote has big implications for U.K. growth and big implications for investments. And if you have assets in Scotland, all of the sudden they're not under the same tax or regulatory regime."
Read More Larry Summers: Scottish independence 'grave mistake'
While most expect Scotland to eventually vote against independence, the polls have certainly been close. Many U.S. investors only started to pay close attention when a YouGov poll last weekend showed a narrow lead for independence voters. More recent polls have shown a lead for those voting against the move. Still, the "yes" vote has been broadly gaining momentum, and many likely voters report that they are still undecided.
On Friday, online betting sites were offering a payout of about 3-to-1 for a "yes" vote bet versus 2-to-9 for a "no" bet, indicating that a pro-independence result is being viewed as an unlikely, but not outlandish, scenario.
Meanwhile the pound has fallen dramatically against the U.S. dollar over the past two weeks, reflecting fears about what Scottish independence would mean for the British economy and currency. Scotland is a major producer of crude oil, and it remains unclear how Scotland and the remaining U.K. would divide up its energy resources. And Scotland's currency options remain hazy and extremely complicated.
In Scotland, many companies—including major banks Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds—have said they will move to England if Scotland votes for independence. Shares of the two banks have been under pressure recently, though they have staged a rebound over the past few sessions.
Read More Scottish vote: UK business leaders scaremongering?
Harvey said that investors can be reassured by the fact that banks would move (at least technically) and that Bank of England Gov. Mark Carney is actively working to avoid a disaster scenario. It seems that in a "yes" vote situation, if RBS and Lloyd's move to England, the BOE will remain their lender of last resort. That should prevent a massive capital flight, or a great degree of risk for those holding Scottish assets.
"It's not a great outcome, but at least a very disruptive outcome will be avoided," Harvey told CNBC.com. "Basically, what's going to happen is that there will no longer be a Scottish banking sector."
The ramifications of Thursday's vote could stretch far beyond Scotland and England. Market participants have noticed a rise in Spanish government bond yields on the back of independence-friendly poll number. The connection here is the Spanish region of Catalonia, where a large degree of the population has always called for independence from Spain, and a massive demonstration in favor of an independence referendum was held on Thursday.
If Scotland votes for independence, or even if the Scottish "yes" vote fails by a thin margin, the Catalonia movement may gain ground in discussions with Spain.
Even if Catalonia never prevails in succeeding, any headway in that movement might hurt the financial position of Spain, according to a recent note from UBS.
"The market reaction might not ultimately be benign. One of the central issues behind the independence movement in Catalonia is that of fiscal independence, as Catalonia pays a large part of its tax income in fiscal transfers to the rest of the Spanish state. As a result, any compromise would likely mean more fiscal devolution which might imply fiscal challenges for the central government in Madrid," wrote a team at UBS.
Read More Commentary: Why Scotland should step back from the brink
Of course, when it comes to the Scottish vote, there remains the possibility that markets (and perhaps the financial press) are doing what they do best—making a big deal out of a situation that ultimately won't amount to very much.
"This is a very low probability event that the market's very emotional about," summed up Kathy Lien, managing director of FX strategy at BK Asset Management.
To capitalize on both the short-term fear and the likely outcome, Lien is recommending that clients short the pound through Tuesday evening or Wednesday morning, at which point she advises closing out the shorts and placing buy orders a bit above where the pound is trading.
This will allow them to capitalize on the pound's upward momentum if the "no" vote wins, and avoid being exposed to any precipitous drop in the unlikely scenario of a win for the pro-independence crowd.
RELATED NEWS

Sensex slips below 27k  plunges 203 pointsMarket Update: Sensex, Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 17:32 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex on Monday fell 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and Nifty slid 63.50 points to 8,042 on losses in bluechips tracking tepid China data and US rate hike fears, even as August domestic inflation eased to nearly 5-year low.
The rupee depreciated against US dollar to 61.05, further dampening market sentiments, said equity brokers.
Selling in metal, IT, oil & gas, capital goods, banking, consumer durables, auto, PSU and FMCG stocks, dragged the down the Sensex which dipped below the 27,000-mark. There was, however, buying in healthcare stocks such Cipla and Dr Reddy.
The 30-share BSE Sensex on Monday opened in negative terrain and quickly dipped below 27,000-mark reacting to Friday's data that showed IIP growth slowed to four-month low in July.
Around noon, data showed wholesale inflation fell sharply to 3.74 per cent in August to a nearly five-year low. However, investors appeared to ignore the WPI inflation figures.
The index finally settled down by 244.48 points, or 0.90 per cent, at 26,816.56, its weakest closing since August 28.
The 244.48-point loss is Sensex's worst drop since August 8.
Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services, said: "Markets were nervous on the back of tepid IIP data. Sensex and Nifty constituents continued to correct after a fast & furious rally. Frontline stocks are also in a pause mode in anticipation of clearer hints from the US Federal Reserve later this week."
Overall, 25 Sensex stocks declined while five led by Cipla, Dr Reddy's, HDFC Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Infosys rose.
The 50-issue NSE Nifty slipped below the 8,100-level by falling 63.50 points, or 0.78 per cent, to 8,042.00. The 63.50-point fall was its sharpest daily loss since August 8.
Asian markets retreated Monday after data at the weekend showed Chinese industrial output expanded in August at its slowest rate since the global financial crisis.
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs 182.80 crore on last Friday as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
Sectorwise, the BSE Metal index suffered the most by losing 1.69 per cent, followed by Oil & Gas index (down 0.96 per cent), IT index (down 0.96 per cent), Capital Goods index (0.89 per cent) and FMCG index (0.76 per cent).
On the other hand, BSE Healthcare, Realty, Midcap and Smallcap indices ended higher.

Sensex slips below 27 000 level  plunges 185 points in early trade#sensex #nifty #stocks #markets #economy
Mumbai: Sensex fell over 244 points to close at 26,816.56 while Nifty ended 63.50 points down at 8,042 on Monday.
Earlier on the day, the benchmark BSE Sensex tumbled over 185 points to dip below the 27,000-mark in early trade on selling by funds and retail investors after industrial production growth slowed to 0.5 per cent in July amid a weak trend in the Asian region.
The 30-share barometer slipped below the 27,000-mark by falling 185.55 points, or 0.69 per cent, to 26,875.49 with metal, FMCG, power, capital goods and IT stocks leading the fall.
Sensex fell over 244 points to close at 26,816.56 while Nifty ended 63.50 points down at 8,042.
The index had gained 65.17 points in the previous session on Friday.
On similar lines, the National Stock Exchange index Nifty moved down by 70.95 points, or 0.88 per cent, to trade below the 8,100-mark at 8,034.55.
In the metal sector, stocks of Tata Steel fell 2.19 per cent, Sesa Sterlite shed 1.33 per cent and Hindalco lost 2.43 per cent in early trade.
Brokers said selling activity emerged largely on disappointing economic data as the country's industrial production growth slowed to 4-month low of 0.5 per cent in July but easing retail inflation to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July, restricted the fall.
Besides, a weak trend on other Asian bourses after data showing Chinese industrial output expanded in August at its slowest rate since the global financial crisis, influenced the sentiments, they said.
Among other Asian markets, Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was down by 0.75 per cent in early trade, while Japan's financial markets are closed on Monday for a public holiday.

Modi asks engineers to apply skills to serve nationNew Delhi, September 15, 2014
Updated: September 15, 2014 11:55 IST
Modi asks engineers to apply skills to serve nation
PTI
The Hindu Prime Minister Narendra Modi. File photo
TOPICS
science and technology
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday asked the engineers to apply their skills to serve the nation and make engineering in the country “world-class”.
“Through innovation, hard work and cutting edge research, our engineers have played an anchoring role in the making of our nation.
“I wish our engineers the very best and call upon them to continue to apply their skills to serve our nation and make our engineering world-class,” he tweeted on the occasion of the birth anniversary of M. Visvesvaraya.
A recipient of Bharat Ratna, Visvesvaraya is regarded as a pioneer in the field and the day is celebrated in his honour.

Sensex stays under pressure despite steep fall in inflationSep 15, 2014, 01.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Sensex stays under pressure despite steep fall in inflation
WPI inflation in August dropped to 3.74 percent, the lowest level in last five years, from 5.19 percent in previous month driven by food and fuel.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sensex stays under pressure despite steep fall in inflation
WPI inflation in August dropped to 3.74 percent, the lowest level in last five years, from 5.19 percent in previous month driven by food and fuel.
Post your opinion here
Live Market Commentary
12:50pm FII View
Prabhat Awasthi, Nomura says a stronger dollar, driven by expectations of divergent monetary policies of the Fed and other major developed world central banks is positive for Indian equities on an overall basis.
Historically, broad dollar strength typically begins 6-9 months ahead of a rate tightening cycle, a phase we believe India is now entering, he adds.
12:40pm Transport Minister says
Transport Minister Nitin Gadkari said Gail will get three LNG carriers from domestic manufacturers. "Rs 4000 crore will be invested in JNPT," he added.
He said, "We target developing 30 km of road per day."
12:30pm Interview
The Sensex tumbled 212.98 points to 26848.06 and the Nifty fell 58.95 points to 8046.55 while TRF is locked at 5 percent upper circuit.
TRF, a Tata Enterprise, has bagged an order worth Rs 354 crore from BHEL, Bangalore for design, engineering, manufacturing, supply, commissioning of a conveying and crushing system with associated equipment for ore, flux, coal and coke handling system for NMDC’s iron and steel plant in Nagarnar, Chattisgarh.
Sudhir Deoras, Managing Director is confident of booking revenues and margins on this order from second half of this fiscal itself. With a turnaround on its bottomline, the firm aims to achieve revenues of Rs 1500 crore for FY15 on consolidated basis, he says in an interview with CNBC-TV18.
With an order book of Rs 1500 crore, its debt on book stands at Rs 500 crore on consolidated basis, he adds.
12:20pm RBI Governor
The Reserve Bank of India wants to make sure that the country's banking system is cleaned up so that there is no room for fraud during stressed times, Governor Raghuram Rajan told a banking conference.
The government's step to curtail fiscal deficit is helping the central bank's monetary policy, Rajan said. But one of the biggest concerns was that enough credit was not flowing to the agricultural sector, he said.
12:10pm Market Expert
Mahantesh Sabarad, Deputy Head of Research at SBI Cap Securities says it is unlikely that Nifty will go beyond 8300 in a hurry because the macro triggers are not in place yet to propel the market higher. Would wait for a correction to buy into, he adds.
According to him, the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) for the year could be just below 6 percent.
12:00pm Equity benchmarks did not show any kind of recovery in noon trade despite significant fall in WPI inflation. The Sensex fell 175.78 points to 26885.26 and the Nifty declined 49.10 points to 8056.40.
About 1560 shares have advanced, 1146 shares declined, and 89 shares are unchanged.
WPI inflation in August dropped to 3.74 percent, the lowest level in last five years, from 5.19 percent in previous month driven by food and fuel. However, June WPI inflation was revised upward to 5.66 percent from 5.43 percent earlier.
Metals stocks remained under pressure with Hindalco Industries, Tata Steel and Sesa Sterlite falling 1.5-3 percent after weak China data. China on Saturday said that industrial production grew 6.9 percent last month, its weakest rate since December 2008. The key indicator slumped from 9.0 percent growth in July.
Shares of HDFC, ITC, ICICI Bank, Reliance Industries, Infosys, ONGC, TCS, L&T and M&M dropped 1-2 percent. However, Cipla remained on buyers' radar, up 2.8 percent followed by HDFC Bank, Hero Motocorp and Dr Reddy's Labs with 0.7-0.9 percent.
11:13

Rouble slide deepens on ceasefire fearsAny questions? Ask Customer Services
Please contact ftsales.support@ft.com for discounted group licences
Fast FT is only available to FT.com subscribers and registered users
Register or subscribe to get the news that moves markets as it happens around the world, 24 hours a day, on your computer, mobile and tablet.

16-year-old from Panipat s breath-to-speech device takes him to Google Science Fair global finals#google science fair #arsh shah dilbagi #google #inventions #aac devices
New Delhi: 16-year-old Arsh Shah Dilbagi's invention is the only entry from Asia in the 15 global finalists at the Google Science Fair 2014. The augmentative and alternative communication (AAC) device that Dilbagi developed is called 'Talk' and can be used by people with developmental disabilities whose communication abilities are impaired.
Most AAC devices available currently are very expensive and Dilbagi's creation offers an affordable alternative that can be made available at a price less than $100 (Rs 6000), which could possibly make it the cheapest such device.
'Talk' is also light and portable and weighs like a regular phone. Dilbagi says it can run for over 2 days on a single charge. It took him three months of research and another seven months to build the final prototype.
16-year-old Arsh Shah Dilbagi's invention is the only entry from Asia in the 15 global finalists at the Google Science Fair 2014.
The device interprets two distinguishable exhales as Morse codes (short exhales are dots and long exhales are dashes) and converts them into words and sentences. 'Talk' comes with 9 voice settings for different genders and age groups and has two modes - one for language communication and the other for command phrases.
"Talk uses Breath as the medium of interaction between the user and device which also makes it unique as it has been never done before," Dilbagi says. He also has plans to make his device integrate with Android smartphones and Google Glass to make it more accessible and easier to use.
Dilbagi, who prefers to be addressed to by his nickmname Robo, is a Class XII student at DAV Public School, Panipat, Haryana and says his inspiration is Apple co-founder Steve Jobs for "combining technology with art and envisioning products like no other."
The Google Science Fair is a global online science and technology competition open to individuals and teams from ages 13 to 18. This year there were 11 regional finalists from India but only Arsh Shah Dilbagi made it to the global finals.
Voting for the competition closes on September 15 and the winners will be announced on September 23.

Google launches Android One  phones to be priced around Rs 6 399Micromax will sell its handset Canvas A1 on Amazon, while Spice Dream UNO will be available on Flipkart and Karbonn Sparkle V on Snapdeal. 
 
These phones are available for purchase through online channels in India from today and at retail stores across India from early October. 
 
Besides, to help drive data usage Google has partnered with Airtel for free data. 
 
"India is one of the fastest growing Android markets globally. In 2013-14, it saw more than three times growth. Internet can have a transforming effect. The intent is to take Internet to the next billion people," Google SVP (Android, Chrome and Apps), Sundar Pichai told reporters here. 
 
Declining to comment on future pricing of the handsets with new partners, Pichai said the idea is to give multiple choices to consumers. 
 
In June, Google announced its 'Android One' initiative to bring in under-$100 handsets aimed at bringing the next one billion population to the Android operating system ecosystem. 
 
The dual-SIM devices will sport a 4.5-inch screen with a quad core MediaTek processor, 1 GB RAM and 4 GB internal storage, which can be expanded to 32 GB. It will feature a 5 megapixel rear camera and a 2 MP front camera with replaceable battery and built-in radio. 
 
Analysts feel Android One will lead a fiercer competition in the mid-range smartphone market with firms offering better experience at price points in the range of Rs 6,000-10,000. 
 
Gartner Principal Research Analyst Vishal Tripathi said Android One devices will be under Google's control thereby ensuring a standard hardware and software specs, which in turn will lead to a better experience for the consumers. 
 
"Besides, it will also help to consolidate the highly fragmented smartphone market in India. No doubt competition will intensify due to this launch," he added. 
 
Greyhound Research CEO Sanchit Vir Gogia feels Android One is going to be a game changer in India.
 
Google's goal is to reach the 5 billion people in emerging markets, including a billion in India. This gives them an edge as compared Microsoft, Apple and Blackberry, he added. 
 
"Android One gives Google tighter control over the Google OS which means standardised UX. Support for seven regional languages is going to be a solid plus over competitors - this will not only help consumers use vernacular languages, it is also likely to help promote apps in regional languages," Gogia said.
Google launches Android One phones
Top Stories

Google launches Android One phones in India  priced at Rs 6399 onwardsUpdate: Google's Android One phones come to India at Rs 6,299: Micromax Canvas A1, Karbonn Sparkle V, Spice Dream Uno
New Delhi: Google has launched the first smartphones under its Android One project in India, pricing them at around Rs 6,299 to capture the low-cost segment of the world's fastest growing smartphone market.
The Mountain View-Based company tied up with Indian mobile players Micromax, Karbonn and Spice Mobiles to launch the affordable phones, which are powered by its operating system and aimed at emerging markets.
With the Android One launch in India Google is attempting to capture the low-cost segment of the world's fastest growing smartphone market.
After launching in India, Google said it plans to expand Android One to Indonesia, Philippines and other South Asian countries by the end of 2014 and in more countries in 2015.
The Karbonn Sparkle V Red is listed on online shopping site Snapdeal priced at Rs 6,399 and the Spice Android One Dream UNO Mi-498 was also reportedly listed briefly on Flipkart at Rs 6,999. The Micromax Canvas A1 will go on sale via Amazon India.
India is seen as a lucrative market for low-cost smartphones because many people are buying the devices for the first time. Just 10 percent of the India's population currently owns a smartphone, brokerage Nomura said in a recent research note, and that figure is likely to double over the next four years.
Google, however, is not the only company jostling for a share of the Indian market.
There are at least 80 smartphone brands in India and analysts say the Android One phones must offer customers more than just affordability if it wants to compete with similarly priced devices made by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, Motorola and China's Xiaomi.
"The initial pricing never sticks but it'll be tough for them to compete if they don't come down further," said Neil Shah, research director for devices and ecosystems at Hong Kong-based technology research agency Counterpoint Research.
In June, Google had announced the launch of the Android One project, which aims to boost demand for low-end Android smartphones by vastly improving their quality.
Currently, many cheap emerging market smartphones run different and somewhat customised versions of the Android operating system, which along with the many variations in hardware make apps on those phones prone to glitches.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Dabur recommends dividend of Rs 1.25 per shareYou are here: Home > Collections > Dabur
Dabur recommends interim dividend of Rs 1.25 per share
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 02.26PM IST
Tags:
Dabur
(The decision to declare…)
NEW DELHI: FMCG firm Dabur today said its Board has recommended an interim dividend of Rs 1.25 per share for 2014-15.
"Continuing with our payout policy, the Board has proposed an interim dividend of Rs 1.25 per share, aggregating to Rs 256.8 crore, including dividend tax ," Dabur India Group Director P D Narang said in a statement.
The decision to declare an interim dividend was taken in view of the strong financial performance announced recently by the company, the statement said.
The company said it has a strong new product plan and the previous months have seen the firm roll out a host of new products.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Lupin surges over 4% on buzz of $1.5-billion dealYou are here: Home > Collections > Ebitda
Lupin likely to sign $1.5 billion deal with Merck Serono
Darshan Mehta, ET Now Sep 15, 2014, 03.12PM IST
Tags:
Analyst
(Lupin will manufacture…)
MUMBAI: Pharmaceutical major Lupin is in advanced talks to sign a blockbuster deal with Merck Serono, say sources close to the deal.
As part of the deal, Lupin will manufacture Merck Serono's $1.5 billion worth branded mature drugs at its facilities. The company will also get marketing rights for the drugs for emerging countries and European markets .
Merck Serono will retain the rights to market these drugs in the developed markets.
"The branded drugs segment with sales close to $1.5 billion will have an EBITDA close to $900 million. Assuming 30 per cent margins; Lupin would make close to Rs 1500 crore on an operational level on this deal", said an analyst who did not want to be identified.
Email queries sent to Merck Serono remained unanswered. Lupin indicated that they do not comment on market speculations.
For FY14, Lupin sales were Rs 11,086 crore on a consolidated basis with an EBITDA of Rs 3003 crore and a profit of Rs 1,837 crore.
The stock was trading higher by 4.5 per cent at Rs 1,420. It touched high of Rs 1,420 and low of Rs 1,351.80.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CLSA says its overweight on India; 5 stocks that can return upto 36%Here's why CLSA is overweight on India; top five stocks to bet on
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 04.54PM IST
Tags:
CLSA
(Chris Wood further added…)
NEW DELHI: India has been one of my favourite markets in Asia and remains so most particularly since the national elections 2014, said CLSA's Chief Strategist Chris Wood in an interview with ET Now.
"I am viewing India as a five-year story given the fact that Modi has been elected for five years," said Wood. In fact, he has allocated 41 per cent of his long only portfolio to India.
"We are coming close to the end of the QE tapering in the US. So, the nearer we come to the end of tapering, the bigger is the risk of a stock market correction. Even if there is going to be any trouble in the financial markets, it is going to be caused by rising credit spreads. If credit spreads do not rise, there would not be a problem," added Wood.
Chris Wood further said that he is viewing India as a five-year story given the fact that Modi has been elected for five years. "Modi is the most pro-business, pro-investment political leader in the world today. So in all likelihood he would get the investment cycle going again," he said.
The Modi administration is committed to lowering the fiscal deficit by 160 bps by FY17. The effect of his initiatives taken will become more visible from 2HFY15.
The early signs of the economic bottoming out are already in sight, which is good news for domestic recovery plays. CLSA is overweight on banks, autos and public sector undertaking companies.
In a recent report released last week, titled 'Bits & Pieces', CLSA said that the renewed investment cycle should significantly favour infrastructure asset owners and contractors such as Larsen & Toubro. Corporate lenders such as ICICI Bank and SBI should also benefit.
Among building material companies, they prefer Grasim. Ensuing job creation will be positive for discretionary consumption plays such as Bharti Airtel. State-owned oil companies will appreciate subsidy cuts and their favourite pick is ONGC.
The China Angle:
The size of the Indian equity market has surpassed both Australia and South Korea, making it the third largest ex-Japan market in Asia, behind China and Hong Kong, stated the report.
On most time-frames within the past 5 years, India's (the tiger) market has smashed China's (the dragon) China Enterprise index in local currency terms.
But due to the appreciation of the RMB and the INR's depreciation in USD terms, China has actually outperformed India over the past 3 years.
According to Chris Wood, the bad news is that China is cyclically slow, probably because the markets are correcting. But the good news is the government seems serious about reforms, which is a long-term positive.
If the anti-corruption campaign continues, that will be a short-term negative for growth, but that is again a long-term positive, he added.
A report authored by Francis Cheung of CLSA said that "we expected the market (China) rally to fade away by 3Q, but economy is weakening faster than expected. The government stimulus is having less of an impact which is highlighted by diminishing returns."
It will be difficult for China to meet this year's 7.5 per cent growth target, but another stimulus is unlikely for this year, added Cheung.
Although the market has rallied with government stimulus despite lacklustre results and slowing growth, but with weaker PMIs and continuing property correction, we are cautious on the market, added Cheung.
(The above article is compiled with inputs from a CLSA report, titled 'Bits & Pieces', released last week)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Snowman Logistics up 5%  stuck in upper circuitYou are here: Home > Collections
Snowman Logistics hits upper circuit of 5% as Reliance Mutual Fund buys shares
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 11.16AM IST
Tags:
investments
(With players like Damani entering…)
MUMBAI: Shares of newly listed Snowman Logistics were locked at 5 per cent upper circuit in trade after mutual funds and a big player bought shares in bulk deals on listing day.
According to data available on the NSE, Reliance Mutual Fund tax saver (ELSS) fund bought 16,00,000 shares at Rs 79.80 per share and Reliance Mutual Fund bought 20,00,000 shares at Rs 79.04 per share.
Ace investor Radhakishen Damani's fund Derive Investments also bought 23,70,023 shares at Rs 79.67 a piece.
With players like Damani entering the company, sends out bullish view in the market. The stock is likely to see more upmove in the coming sessions, say analysts.
The stock has surged 75 per cent in just two sessions as it moved to Rs 82.65 from issue price of Rs 47.
At 10:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 82.65, up 5 per cent, on the BSE. There were 19.05 lakh pending buy orders and no sellers in the stock.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Sensex ends 244 points down | WPI inflation @ 5-year low: Why market was cold to thisSensex ends lower by 244 points, Nifty below 8,050
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 04.51PM IST
Tags:
BSE
(The broader markets outperformed…)
MUMBAI: Logging their worst single-day drop in over five weeks, Sensex today fell 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and Nifty slid 63.50 points to 8,042 on losses in bluechips tracking tepid China data and US rate hike fears, even as August domestic inflation eased to nearly 5-year low.
The rupee depreciated against US dollar to 61.05, further dampening market sentiments, said equity brokers.
Selling in metal, IT, oil & gas, capital goods, banking, consumer durables, auto, PSU and FMCG stocks, dragged the down the Sensex which dipped below the 27,000-mark. There was, however, buying in healthcare stocks such Cipla and Dr Reddy.
The 30-share BSE Sensex today opened in negative terrain and quickly dipped below 27,000-mark reacting to Friday's data that showed IIP growth slowed to four-month low in July.
Around noon, data showed wholesale inflation fell sharply to 3.74 per cent in August to a nearly five-year low. However, investors appeared to ignore the WPI inflation figures.
The index finally settled down by 244.48 points, or 0.90 per cent, at 26,816.56, its weakest closing since August 28. The 244.48-point loss is Sensex's worst drop since August 8.
Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services, said: "Markets were nervous on the back of tepid IIP data. Sensex and Nifty constituents continued to correct after a fast & furious rally. Frontline stocks are also in a pause mode in anticipation of clearer hints from the US Federal Reserve later this week."
Overall, 25 Sensex stocks declined while five led by Cipla, Dr Reddy, HDFC Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Infosys rose.
The 50-issue NSE Nifty slipped below the 8,100-level by falling 63.50 points, or 0.78 per cent, to 8,042.00. The 63.50-point fall was its sharpest daily loss since August 8.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Revenue sharing: OilMin extends deadline for...Oil Ministry extends deadline for comments on revenue sharing draft
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 03.40PM IST
(The companies will have…)
NEW DELHI: The Petroleum Ministry has extended by the deadline for commenting on a simpler revenue sharing contract it wants to replace the present Production Sharing Contracts (PSC) with.
The ministry had on August 21 floated a model revenue- sharing contract for exploration and production of oil and gas and sought comments from stakeholders by September 10. This deadline has now been extended to September 20.
"...timeline for receiving comments on draft Model Revenue Sharing Contract (MRSC) has been extended up to September 20, 2014," a ministry orders said.
Besides suggesting doubling of natural gas prices, a Committee headed by C Rangarajan had suggested moving to a revenue sharing regime where companies bid upfront the quantity of oil and gas they will share with the government for winning an exploration acreage.
The ministry accepted this in-principle, and floated a MRSC.
MRSC will replace the current practice of companies getting blocks by bidding maximum work programme and then recovering all of their investment before sharing profits with the government. This model was criticised by CAG which said it encouraged companies to keep raising cost so as to postpone higher share of profits to the government.
In the new regime, the companies will have to indicate the quantity of oil and gas they will share with the government at different stages of production as well as at different rates.
"The Government's revenue share of crude oil and/or natural gas shall be determined based on a two dimensional production-price matrix, where Government's revenue share with the contractor(s) shall be linked to the average daily production in a month and average oil and gas prices in a month," the draft MRSC said.
Besides quoting the quantity they will share with the with government at different levels of production, the companies would also quote the quantum at different price levels - less than $ 100 per barrel, $ 100-125, $ 125-150 and more than $ 150 per barrel for oil and for gas in bands of less than $ 6 per million British thermal unit rate, $ 6-10, $ 10-14 and more than $ 14 per mmBtu.
The production levels for onland, shallow offshore and deepwater have been proposed at different tranches.
Companies will have to bid the amount they will share with the government at different levels of production as well as different rates for oil and gas.
"In the matrix production is linked to sliding scale (incremental) production tranche and price is linked to fixed scale price band," the draft MRSC said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

J&K floods: As water recedes  carcasses come up; fear of epidemic loomsWatch: The plight of sweepers in India
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

J&K ground report: Floods ravage Mehjur NagarWatch: The plight of sweepers in India
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Google s Android One phones come to India at Rs 6 399: Micromax Canvas A1  Karbonn Sparkle V  Spice Dream Uno#android one #smartphones #google #spice #micromax #karbonn #micromax canvas a1 #karbonn sparkle v #spice dream uno
New Delhi: The first Android One phones have arrived. Google has launched the first set of three phones under its Android One project in India at a price starting at Rs 6,299. The first Android One devices to be available in India are the Micromax Canvas A1, Karbonn Sparkle V and the Spice Dream Uno.
The dual-SIM phones have similar specs and come with a 4.5-inch display, 5 megapixel rear cameras, 1700mAh battery, 1GB RAM and run Android 4.4 operating system. The phones are powered by a 1.3GHz quad-core MediaTek Cortex A7 processor.
While Flipkart and Snapdeal are exclusively selling Android One smartphones from Spice and Karbonn, respectively, Amazon.in is selling handsets from Micromax.
The dual-SIM Android One phones have a 4.5-inch display, 5 megapixel rear camera, 1700mAh battery, 1GB RAM and run Android 4.4 operating system.
The Spice Android One Dream UNO Mi-498 is priced at Rs 6299 on Flipkart, the Karbonn Android One Sparkle V is available for Rs 6399 on Snapdeal and the Micromax Canvas A1 is listed on Amazon.in at Rs 6,499.
With Android One Google is attempting to get a firm hold on the low-cost segment of the world's fastest growing smartphone market.
The Android One phones will have a two-year software support from Google, which means that Android One phone users will be assured of updates to the newer versions of the Android operating system.
Google has also partnered with Airtel to offer upgrades to Airtel users to the latest version of Android without using any data for the download. Also any apps that Airtel users download from the Google Play Store wouldn't count against your data usage either (up to 200MB per month).
After launching in India, Google said it plans to expand Android One to Indonesia, Philippines, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka will by the end of 2014 and in more countries in 2015.
Google is also expanding Android One programme with Acer, Alcatal OneTouch, Xolo, HTC, Lava, Intex, Asus and Lenovo. It has also roped in Qualcomm for the chipsets.
In June, Google had announced the launch of the Android One project, which aims to boost demand for low-end Android smartphones by vastly improving their quality.
Currently, many cheap emerging market smartphones run different and somewhat customised versions of the Android operating system, which along with the many variations in hardware make apps on those phones prone to glitches.
India is seen as a lucrative market for low-cost smartphones because many people are buying the devices for the first time. Just 10 percent of the India's population currently owns a smartphone, brokerage Nomura said in a recent research note, and that figure is likely to double over the next four years.
Google, however, is not the only company jostling for a share of the Indian market.
There are at least 80 smartphone brands in India and analysts say the Android One phones must offer customers more than just affordability if it wants to compete with similarly priced devices made by Samsung, Motorola and China's Xiaomi.
It is not the first time that device makers have partnered with e-commerce firms for launching their products. Motorola and Xiaomi have successfully launched their smartphones on Flipkart, while Spice, Micromax and Intex have launched their devices on Snpdeal.
Apart from apparels, electronics - especially mobile phones - are one of the highest selling items on e-commerce sites.
According to research firm IDC, smartphone sales in the country grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn.
In the second quarter of 2014, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India. Though Samsung is the leader with a 29 per cent market share, Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent) and LAVA (6 per cent) are close competitors.
While Android is the dominant operating system globally, other operating systems  such as Windows and iOS are also gaining traction. Also, newer platforms like Firefox and Tizen may emerge as strong challengers to Google's platform.
Recently, Firefox (in partnership with Spice and Intex) launched two new smartphones, priced below Rs 2,300, aimed at those looking to upgrade from feature phones to smartphones.
Specifications: Karbonn Sparkle V, Micromax Canvas A1, Spice Dream UNO
- 4.5" FWVGA display
- Cortex A7 1.3 GHz Quad-Core processor
- 1GB RAM
- 4GB storage (expandable up to 32GB)
- 2x micro SIM
- Front and rear facing cameras (2MP and 5MP)
- Rechargeable lithium-ion, 1700mAh
- Android 4.4, KitKat (and gets the new version soon after it's released)
(With inputs from agencies)

Navy Joins Rescue Ops  20 000 Rescued So Far  Tweets Indian ArmyNavy Joins Rescue Ops  20 000 Rescued So Far  Tweets Indian Army
Expect 10-15% upside in Fortis Healthcare: Phani SekharExpect 10-15% upside in Fortis Healthcare: Phani Sekhar
Monnet Ispat plans to commission iron ore pellet plant by DecemberHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Monnet Ispat plans to commission iron ore pellet plant by December
Abhishek Law
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 15:  
Monnet Ispat and Energy is looking to make operational its two-million tonne pellet plant at its integrated iron ore and steel unit in Raipur, Chhattisgarh by December.
According to Amitabh S Mudgal, President (Marketing and Corporate Affairs), Monnet Ispat, the company has already invested approximately Rs 7,000 crore at the Odisha unit.
The Delhi-based company is involved in mining and power generation apart from sponge iron and steel production. The plant also has flat and long product capacities.
“We are hopeful of commissioning the iron ore pellet plant by December this year,” Mudgal told reporters on the sidelines of the 8th Indian Coal Markets Conference organised here in the city.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

DGCX to launch first spot gold contract in NovPress Trust of India |  New Delhi Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 02:34 PM IST
DGCX to launch first spot gold contract in Nov
Physical delivery of gold will be done from three locations in Dubai
The Dubai Gold and Commodities Exchange (DGCX) today said it would launch its first spot gold contract in November.
"The gold contract will be for 1 kilogram having 99.5% purity. There will be a cash settlement with an option for physical delivery on T-2 basis," DGCX Chief Business Officer Ian Wright told PTI.
The physical delivery of gold would be done from three locations in Dubai, he said.
Asked if the exchange plans to launch spot silver contract, Wright said: "Not immediately. First we want to see the response for our spot gold contract and later decide on silver and other commodities."
He also mentioned that the gold contract would create a competitive market, which is right on the backyard of India, the world's largest consumer of the yellow metal.
Currently, DGCX offers futures trading in gold, silver, copper, Brent crude, polypropylene and currencies.
Top Stories

Hero MotoCorp plans to invest Rs 1 600 cr in new plantNidhi Verma and Aditi Shah        Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 16:55 IST
Hero MotoCorp, India's top maker of motorcycles and scooters , plans to invest Rs 1,600 crore ($262 million) to set up a new manufacturing plant in southern India, a source directly involved in the matter said.
Hero has signed a preliminary agreement with the Andhra Pradesh state government to set up the plant, to be spread across 600 acres, which can produce upto 1.8 million vehicles annually, the source said.
Hero, which has three operational plants and one under construction across India, did not have an immediate comment.
The company also plans to set up a plant in Gujarat, where construction is expected to begin soon, the company's annual report showed.
(Reuters)

Govt sacks all five independent directors of...You are here: Home > Collections > Directors
Government sacks all five independent directors of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 04.18PM IST
Tags:
Director
(Government has sacked all…)
NEW DELHI: The government has sacked all the five independent directors of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL), leaving the company board with no powers to take any large investment decision.
MRPL in a filing to the stock exchanges today said: "Five non official part time directors namely, C L Shah, Neela Gangadharan, Prof Usha Kiran Rai, Prof Jayant M Modak and Capt John Prasad Menezes have ceased to be Directors on the Board of the Company."
With this, the board has lost its power to pass accounts, or take any large investment decisions.
All the five independent directors were appointed by the previous UPA regime.
This follows removal of all the UPA-appointee independent directors on board of Coal India Ltd (CIL) and sacking of four such appointees from IOC board. Besides, two UPA appointees on board of Engineers India Ltd too have been booted out.
Unlike Coal India, where the directors were told to quit and those who did not were voted out at company's shareholders meeting, in case of MRPL and IOC no resolution confirming appointments was moved.
Sources said the MRPL directors were appointed after the last shareholders meeting and their appointment was to be ratified at the company's annual general meeting (AGM) on September 13.
In absence of the company moving a resolution seeking confirmation of their appointments, the five ceased to be directors on the company board.
After their exit, MRPL board now has six functional and promoter directors. These are Chairman D K Sarraf, Managing Director H Kumar, Director (Finance) Vishnu Agrawal, Director (Refinery) V G Joshi, Oil Ministry nominee director P Kalyanasundaram and HPCL nominee director B K Namdeo.
MRPL is a subsidiary of state explorer Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC). Though the government has no shareholding in MRPL, it holds 68.94 per cent of ONGC.
Sources said IOC too had not moved a resolution for confirmation of appointment of K Jairaj, Nesar Ahmad, Sunil Krishna and Sayan Chatterjee at its AGM on August 27.
In absence of shareholder approval, the four, who were appointed by the previous UPA government in March this year for a three-year term, ceased to be directors on IOC board.
The five directors removed from MRPL were appointed on October 22 last year for a three-year term.
Shah is a chartered accountant C L Shah while Gangadharan is a former bureaucrat. Modak is a professor at the Indian Institute of Science Professor while Rai is a Professor of Marketing at Banaras Hindu University Usha Kiran Rai.
There is also a move to seek removal of former Power Secretary P Uma Shankar, chartered accountant S Ravi and former BPCL Chairman R K Singh from the board of ONGC.
Similarly, chartered accountant Rohit Khanna is being sought to be removed from the board of Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd (HPCL) in a similar manner.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Google launches Android One-powered smartphone at Rs. 6 399technology (general)
Google launched the phones in partnership with Micromax, Karbonn and Spice Mobiles
Hoping to lure feature phone users in India, which form 70 per cent of the mobile market in the country, to upgrade to smartphones, Google on Thursday launched the first Android One devices in India with prices starting from Rs 6,399.
The first three phones have been launched by domestic handset makers Karbonn, Micromax and Spice. While the ones from Karbonn and Spice are priced at 6,399, the one from Micromax is for Rs 6,499.
Interestingly, India is the first country where the technology giant has rolled out these devices. The launch across other markets, including Indonesia, Philippines, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka will follow in the coming months.
Commenting on the same, Jaideep Mehta, GM, South Asia, said, “It is a positive development. Fundamentally, Android One devices are going to help enable smartphones prices to go lower. While there are phones available in this segment, more competition gives more options to consumer to choose from.”
He added that typically first time smartphone buyers, who have been using feature phones and have not upgraded due to lack of options will go for these devices.
The Android One devices will compete with like of Moto E, Xiaomi Redmi 1S, Asus Zenphone 4, and models even from Micromax such as Unite 2, all with similar features and priced below Rs 7,000.
With Android One, Google has given a frame of reference to OEMs, based on which the device has been designed for optimum performance. This is likely to significantly improve the quality of hardware and software used.
Presently majority smartphones, including in the affordable range, already run on different and somewhat customised version of Google’s Android operating system. However, this makes the phone more prone to glitches.
In case of Android One devices, the eventual software upgrades will come directly from Google, giving Google better control of the operating system and ensure users get a consistent service.
Vishal Tripathi, Principal Research Analyst at Gartner opined, “This would bring higher traction to the smartphone market, he said, adding consumers will be clear winners. Majorly users looking to upgrade from feature phone to smartphones will go for these devices, he added.
India is an attractive market for companies that make low-cost smartphones because of the immense opportunity it offers as about 70 per cent of the mobile phone users are still on feature phones.

Rajan bats for more freedom to state-run banksRajan bats for more freedom to state-run banks
Rupee hits 1-month lowRupee hits 1-month low
LIC Housing Finance aims to achieve total business of Rs 33 000 crore in FY15LIC Housing Finance aims to achieve total business of Rs 33 000 crore in FY15
Small caps outperformSmall caps outperform
Williamson Magor & Company: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 15, 2014, 04.58 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Williamson Magor & Company: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Williamson Magor & Company has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 10, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Williamson Magor & Company: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Williamson Magor & Company has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 10, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
Williamson Magor & Company Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 10, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE

Williamson Magor & Company: Scrutinizer report of AGMSep 15, 2014, 04.58 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Williamson Magor & Company: Scrutinizer report of AGM
Williamson Magor & Company has informed regarding Scrutinizer Report of Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 10, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Williamson Magor & Company: Scrutinizer report of AGM
Williamson Magor & Company has informed regarding Scrutinizer Report of Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 10, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Williamson Magor & Company Ltd has informed BSE regarding Scrutinizer Report of Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 10, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Orient Paper & Industries: Board meeting on Sept 26  2014Sep 15, 2014, 04.54 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Orient Paper & Industries: Board meeting on Sept 26, 2014
Orient Paper & Industries has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 26, 2014, to consider to appoint a woman Director on the Board of the Company.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Orient Paper & Industries: Board meeting on Sept 26, 2014
Orient Paper & Industries has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 26, 2014, to consider to appoint a woman Director on the Board of the Company.
Post your opinion here
 
Orient Paper & Industries Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 26, 2014, inter alia, to consider to appoint a woman Director on the Board of the Company.Source : BSE

RIL to re-open fuel outletsKalpana Pathak & Vinay Umarji |  Mumbai / Ahmedabad Sep 18, 2014
Last Updated at 12:46 AM IST
RIL looks to reopen diesel retail outlets
Might offer higher commissions to woo back retailers
In a bid to grab the opportunity created by diesel reaching market-parity price, Reliance Industries (RIL) has set the ball rolling on reopening its fuel retail outlets, after a gap of six years, and the company is in discussions with its dealers for a higher commission.
A detailed plan, covering issues ranging from dealer commission to the price at which auto fuel would be sold, is expected to be presented to the dealers in 20-25 days. Auto fuel dealers with whom Reliance Industries has held talks to re-open fuel retail outlets said the company has verbally confirmed to them that it would offer a higher commission for selling the auto fuel and that it might price diesel on par with that sold by oil marketing companies.
“After a bitter experience last time, we told RIL we would not re-open the outlets till we are convinced of making profits. RIL told us it would sell fuel at the same rate as that of oil marketing companies. The company may take a cue on fuel pricing from their possible partner Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Limited,” said an Ahmedabad-based fuel retailer. Reliance Industries and state-run Hindustan Petroleum Corporation have been in talks for a possible tie-up to further their fuel retailing plans.
While Reliance Industries did not reply to an email questionnaire sent last week, a senior Reliance Industries executive confirmed the company was in discussions with its fuel retailers to re-open the retail outlets. He, however, declined to discuss the specifics of the commission being offered and the price at which Reliance Industries would be retailing its fuel.
Brent crude oil has fallen to $96 a barrel, the lowest in 26 months, on falling demand from the largest consumer, China, amid over supply in global markets. This is giving a small profit of 35 paise a litre to the three oil marketing companies, a first in 12 years. The Indian basket of crude oil has fallen consistently from $115 a barrel in mid-June to $95.5 a barrel this Monday. Since January 2013, diesel prices have been raising every month by up to 50 paise a litre. In keeping with the practice, so far, rates have cumulatively risen by Rs 11.81 a litre in 19 instalments. Petrol price was market-linked in June 2010.
Gujarat-based fuel retailers of the Mukesh Ambani-controlled company said the firm is offering a commission of 0.50 paise and 0.75 paise for selling a litre of diesel and petrol, respectively, but the dealers are negotiating for more.
Fuel retailers said the commission being offered by RIL is much less than that paid by the three OMCs - Indian Oil Corporation, Bharat Petroleum Corporation and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation.
“OMCs offer us a commission of Rs 1.15 per litre on diesel and Rs 2.01 on petrol, while Reliance offers a mere 0.50 paise and 0.75 paise. We have been demanding if not higher, the commissions offered by Reliance should at least match that of OMCs,” said another Ahmedabad-based fuel retailer of RIL. Retailers are also of the opinion that Reliance’s practice of pricing the fuel higher than that by the OMCs would affect sale. “Even Essar offers a 50 paise discount over the OMCs' fuel prices, whereas Reliance charges a 50 paise to Re 1 premium. We will have to work harder to sell fuel since the consumers prefer fuel retailing outlets of OMCs over private outlets,” pointed out another RIL retailer.
Since July this year, RIL has been gauging dealers' preparedness and willingness for restarting the company’s 1,400-odd fuel retailing outlets in the country. According to retailers, Reliance Industries has decided to re-open company-owned, company-operated pumps first and spend Rs 50 lakh on renovating the same.
About 150 dealer-owned, dealer-operated or company-owned, dealer-operated outlets (CODO) would be re-opened at a later stage. At CODO outlets, the company takes care of the cost on account of services.
Reliance Industries had closed its fuel retail outlets in May 2008 owing to mounting losses, as it was selling fuel at rates much higher than the subsidised prices of state-owned oil companies.
RIL's fuel retail market share is less than 0.5 per cent.
In 2010, around 75 fuel retailers in Gujarat had decided to exit the RIL dealership and sought reimbursement of the investment made. The dealers had said they invested between Rs 2 crore and Rs 4 crore in each outlet. Depending on the location, the cost of land was between Rs 1.5 crore and Rs 3 crore, with another Rs 30 lakh to Rs 1 crore spent for maintaining services at the outlets.
SETS THE BALL ROLLING
Auto fuel dealers with whom Reliance Industries has held talks to re-open fuel retail outlets said the company has verbally confirmed to them that it would offer a higher commission for selling the auto fuel and that it might price diesel on par with that sold by oil marketing companies
 
While Reliance offers a commission of 0.50 paise a litre for diesel and 0.75 paise for petrol, OMCs offer Rs 1.15 and Rs 2.01, respectively
 
Since January 2013, diesel prices have been raised every month by 50 paise a litre. As a result, rates have cumulatively risen by Rs 11.81 a litre in 19 instalments
 
Since July, RIL has been gauging dealers' preparedness and willingness for restarting the company’s 1,400-odd fuel retailing outlets in the country
 
RIL has decided to re-open company-owned, company-operated pumps first and spend Rs 50 lakh on renovating the same, say retailers
 
RIL's fuel retail market share is less than 0.5%
Top Stories

Spykar to expand denim footprint in IndiaBS Reporter |  Pune Sep 16, 2014
Last Updated at 08:57 PM IST
Spykar to expand denim footprint in India
Company plans to increase the present 206 Spykar stores across major cities and towns to over 400 stores
Spykar, a specialist in making fashion jeans is expanding its footprint by adding new stores, products and extending its denim franchise into the FMCG category.
It is planning to increase its exclusive stores from the current 206 Spykar stores across major cities and towns to over 400 stores over the next three years.
"Spykar is the only Indian player who is making fashion jeans. The range includes the five-pocket jeans, fashionable denims, cargos, fatigues, loozers, jackets, tees, shirts and inner wear. We are adding over 50 designs every month. We have just launched a range of matching jeans, T-shirts and jackets targeted at the young boys and girls, who primarily drive our brand. Every six month we bring out a new fashion in our range. The latest collection bears witness to our exquisite, elaborate and gallant styling for the rebellious and self indulgent youth of today", said Sanjay Vakharia, director at Spykar Lifestyles.
According to Vakharia, India's total denim jeans market is of Rs 6000 crore which is mostly dominated by foreign players. Spykar is particularly targeting youth who are of 15 to 25 years of age for its products.
The expansion of stores will be focused around tier III and IV cities. Each new franchise exclusive store in the 800-1,000 sq ft size would invest Rs 25-Rs 30 lakh to open a store with a minimum of 1,800 stock keeping units (SKUs).
The company recently launched its autumn and winter collection in Pune to expand its foot print across India to cash in on growing demand for its range of jeans.
Spykar is now planning to extend its denim franchise into the FMCG category with a slew of products like talc, hand wash, body gels and shampoos.
It is already selling with deodorants and perfume and it is now increasing its FMCG distribution with a 'lifestyle' positioning. Spykar has already licensed its FMCG business to a third party (Staark Accessories) with 150 distributors.
Spykar also sells a range of eyewear, bags, belts, wallets and socks. Spykar is now planning to foray into FMCG category by launching products like hand wash, body gels and shampoos. It is now increasing its FMCG distribution with a 'lifestyle' positioning.
With the annual turnover of Rs 183 crore, the company is growing at CAGR of 18-20% last the 10 years.
Recently, Metmin Investments, a HNI fund owned by Apurva Bagri, has increased its stake from 32 to 60% for an estimated Rs 300 crore by buying out the stake of private equity player Avigo Capital Partners who sold its 28% stake to Metmin Investments who now promotes Spykar Lifestyles.
Top Stories

Suzuki to increase market share in motorcycles segment to 5%Press Trust of India |  Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 03:50 PM IST
Suzuki to increase market share in motorcycles segment to 5%
Company will launch new products in the motorcycle segment to align with the industry trend
From the present level of its market share of around 1% for mobikes, Japanese firm Suzuki Motorcycle India is aiming to increase it to 5% over the next two years, a company official said today.
"We are aiming to increase the market share in the motorcycle segment from one to five percent in the next 24 months. Now our market is skewed towards the scooter segment where we have 11 per market share," said Atul Gupta, executive vice-president of the company.
Suzuki would launch new products in the motorcycle segment to align with the industry trend where manufacturers like Bajaj and Honda were producing motorcycles in large numbers, he told reporters here.
Launching a new motorcycle in the premium 155cc segment, Gupta said the segment was witnessing a growth of 12-13% a year while the mass 100 cc category was growing at seven to 8%.
Suzuki is producing 5,000 motorcycles and 30,000 scooters a month at its Gurgaon plant which has a capacity to manufacture 5.4 lakh units per year, he said.
Top Stories

Wal-Mart calls for U.S.-made products5
It has its challenges. Suppliers have been telling Wal-Mart they are having difficulty finding American-made component parts, Gloeckler said, so the retailer is asking factory owners with excess capacity to attend its second U.S. Manufacturing Summit in August in hopes they might become contract manufacturers for suppliers.
Target's back-to-school pledge: Target is launching a one-for-one giving campaign during the back-to-school shopping season that will donate up to $25 million in school supplies to kids who need them, the company said Wednesday.
From July 13 to Aug. 2, for each Target-brand Up & Up school supply sold, the company will donate a school supply item to the Kids in Need Foundation, up to a value of $25 million. The Minneapolis-based nonprofit has 32 resource centers around the U.S., including one in Chicago, where teachers at schools with at least 70 percent of students enrolled in the federal free lunch program can collect free school supplies.
Though Target has worked with the Kids in Need Foundation for 15 years, this is the first time the retailer has done a buy-one, give-one campaign, and it is the largest amount it has ever donated to a single organization, said Target spokesman Evan Miller.
"Our goal is to impact up to 2 million kids as they head back to school," Miller said. "Particularly in areas with low-income families, teachers spend a lot of (their own) money on school supplies."
Kids in Need executive director Dave Smith said Target's pledge is "by far the largest donation we've ever received" and will significantly boost the number of kids it can serve. Last year it distributed $70 million worth of products to 3.6 million kids.
"One of the real benefits is that it is all core product," such as notebooks, pencils and pens, Smith said.
Target, which offers 300 school supply products through its Up & Up brand, said the campaign was inspired by the colorful Los Angeles-based school supply brand Yoobi, which launched exclusively at Target in June. Yoobi, whose co-founder and CEO is Ido Leffler, best known for co-founding the natural beauty products brand Yes To (Cucumber, Carrots, Tomatoes, etc.), has a "one for you, one for me" mission. For every Yoobi item sold, the company donates an item to its kindergarten through third-grade "classroom packs," which are distributed to schools through Kids in Need.
Social missions can be good business. A Nielsen survey of 30,000 Internet users in 60 countries found that 55 percent of respondents would pay more for products from companies committed to a social cause. The June Nielsen report also analyzed global retail sales across 20 brands that marketed themselves as sustainable and found that average annual sales grew 2 percent from 2013 to 2014 for products with sustainability claims on the packaging and 5 percent for those that promoted sustainability through marketing programs, compared to a 1 percent average sales increase across 14 brands without sustainability claims.
Barre Code rebrand: The Chicago-based fitness studio formerly known as Barre Bee Fit has rebranded itself as The Barre Code in hopes of "eliminating distractions" and "getting to the core of what we're about," co-founder Jillian Lorenz said.
The 4-year-old company, which is opening its fifth Chicago location this summer and has 12 studios across the U.S., plus another nine franchises in the works, offers programs such as cardio fitness and yoga in addition to barre-based strength training. With the rebrand, its founders, Lorenz and Ariana Chernin, hope to appeal to a greater diversity of women and emphasize its mantra of setting and exceeding one's own expectations. Its signs, website and social media handles all change to The Barre Code on Wednesday.
The name Barre Bee Fit, a play on Barbie as a woman who is strong, healthy and fit, required too much explanation and didn't always catch on with clients, Lorenz said.

Chicago-based Ifbyphone acquires Mongoose Metrics  raises $30 millionChicago-based Ifbyphone acquires Mongoose Metrics, raises $30 million
Ifbyphone announced its acquisition of Mongoose Metrics.
Blue Sky illustration
By Amina Elahi , Blue Sky Reporter contact the reporter
How Chicago-based Ifbyphone is using $30 million in new funding
'It's not just that we acquired their revenue and their customer base and their brand'
Chicago-based Ifbyphone, a voice-based marketing automation company, announced Thursday that it has acquired Ohio-based call-tracking company Mongoose Metrics for an undisclosed amount. It also announced that it had raised a fifth round of funding, this one for $30 million, for a total of $60 million.
Ifbyphone Announcement
Ifbyphone announces acquisition of Mongoose Metrics
Ifbyphone announces acquisition of Mongoose Metrics
See more videos
“It’s a very strong statement when the financial community puts $60 million into an organization, they’re not expecting you to build a small company,” Ifbyphone CEO Irv Shapiro said. He said he expects the company to grow at 50 percent for the next several years.
Ifbyphone, founded in 2005, serves enterprise companies and marketing agencies through its Voice360 platform. The acquisition of Mongoose Metrics will increase Ifbyphone’s customer base to 5,000 from 4,000, Shapiro said.
Shapiro said the company used the funding to complete the acquisition. It also will use the money to further develop the Voice360 platform, he said.
New investor NewSpring Capital led the round, Shapiro said, with participation from previous investors Apex Venture Partners, SSM Partners, Origin Ventures, River Cities Capital Funds, i2A and Spring Mill Venture Partners.
Shapiro said that all of Mongoose Metrics’ 35 employees will join Ifbyphone and that their Cleveland-area office will serve as a second location for the company. Mongoose Metrics CEO Brad Reynolds will become a vice president focusing on integration and strategy.
"It’s not just that we acquired their revenue and their customer base and their brand,” Shapiro said. “We want every one of these folks.”

Why bother 11 big stocks pay tiny dividendsWhy bother? 11 big stocks pay tiny dividends
By: Matt Krantz September 12, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
AP
Companies know dividends are like Scooby snacks for investors. Give an investor a dividend and they’ll put up with almost anything. But apparently they need more than crumbs.
There are 11 big companies in the Standard & Poor’s, including Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) , Precision Castparts (PCP) and PVH (PVH) , that are paying minuscule dividend yields of 0.25% or less, according to a USA TODAY analysis from S&P Capital IQ. On average, these companies are paying a yield of 0.135%. That’s well below the roughly 1.9% dividend yield paid by the S&P 500.
Let’s put it another way. If you invested $10,000 in these mini-dividend companies, you’d expect to receive a laughable annual dividend of $13.50. Don’t spend it all in one place. The same $10,000 invested in the S&P 500 would yield roughly $190.
Investors don’t appear to be amused. Shares of the 11 stocks paying the tiniest dividends are up 3.5% this year on average. That lags the 8.1% gain by the S&P 500 during the same time. That means investors aren’t just losing on dividends, but on price appreciation, too.
Here’s a chart that shows what investors think of the stocks with these micro dividends. A custom equal-weighted index of the 10 stocks with the tiny dividends has been lagging both this year and over the past 12 months:
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ
The separation is the most dramatic over the past three months:
Chart source: S&P Capital IQ
The tiniest dividend is paid by oil and gas exploration company Pioneer Natural Resources. The company is paying a bi-annual dividend of 4 cents a share or 8 cents a year. Applied to the stock price of $203.62 – and that amounts to a yield of 0.04%. Better than nothing, right?
And then there’s metal parts maker Precision Castparts. The company pays a quarterly dividend of 3 cents a share, or 12 cents a year. That’s a yield of 0.04% as well. Perhaps a more recognizable company with a micro-dividend is PVH, the apparel company that makes everything from Speedo swimsuits to Calvin Klein shirts. The company pays $0.0375 a share in a quarterly dividend or 15 cents a year. What’s the yield? Ready for this? 0.12%.
Certainly, some of the microscopic dividends aren’t completely the companies’ doing. Banks, including Citigroup (C) were required to slash their dividends during the financial crisis. Citigroup has been slow to increase the dividend, and instead, have focused on using excess cash to buy back stock. It’s still a bit unusual of a situation to have low-yielding banks, since bank stocks were largely coveted in the 1980s in large part due to their dividends.
And here’s a twist for the ever contrarian investor. Perhaps some of these companies might be the ones to make large increases to their dividends? It’s not like they’re paying $0, so they don’t appear to be against dividends. And if there’s something investors like better than a large dividend, it’s one that’s growing.
Below are the 11 companies in the S&P 500 that are paying the lowest dividend yields:
Company

Crowdfunding Site Under Fire For Abortion Stancereddit
A crowdfunding site touted as "Kickstarter for the rest of us" has decided that the rest of us doesn't include people who are pro-abortion rights.
GoFundMe, a site that allows people to solicit money online for personal causes like medical bills, house repairs and scholarship funds, is coming under fire after it censored fundraisers related to abortion. On Tuesday, the company issued an update to its guidelines saying it wouldn’t fund projects linked to “termination of life,” “weapons & violence,” “adult material” and other topics.
On GoFundMe's Facebook page , several people responded in outrage:
The company will now review projects to make sure that hosting a campaign is best for the GoFundMe “brand and community,” a spokeswoman wrote in an email statement. “GoFundMe makes no distinction and places no restrictions on a pro-life or pro-choice group’s ability to fundraise for rallies or protests,” she said.
But as Salon points out , the projects that come up when you type “abortion” into the site’s search bar include several pro-life campaigns and no pro-choice or abortion-related projects.
GoFundMe is a private San Diego-based company that bills itself as "the world's #1 personal fundraising website." Unlike rivals Kickstarter or Indiegogo, which startups and creative types use to raise money to fund businesses or projects, GoFundMe is focused on more personal needs. Some of the most popular projects currently on the site include a page asking for money to cover medical bills for a woman who was recently assaulted in her home and a page soliciting money to pay for a newlywed couple's new car after their old one was destroyed. The company makes money by collecting a 5 percent fee on each donation.
The company has 34 employees including its co-CEOs, according to its website, and claims to have helped users raise $440 million since it was founded in 2010. It declined to share revenue information.
The controversy over GoFundMe’s curating tactics started after the site pulled a campaign created by Bailey , a 23-year-old woman who posted a campaign in hopes of funding her abortion. As of Thursday,  Kickstarter and Indiegogo still featured pro-choice pages like “ The Abortion Diary Podcast Tour ” and “ ShareWithThree : A Website for Women and Partners to Share Their Abortion Experiences.”
Projects on Kickstarter under the search term "abortion":
Projects on Indiegogo under the search term "abortion":
As crowdfunding has gained popularity, sites like these have had to walk a fine line between offering a platform to the masses and curating (and sometimes censoring) content to ensure credibility. Typically, the sites rely on users to self-police and avoid funding campaigns that look questionable. GoFundMe noticeably let a fund for Darren Wilson , the police officer who killed Michael Brown, stay on its site, despite the controversy surrounding the shooting. Still, it’s not unprecedented for the companies to step in -- though in most cases it’s been over non-political issues.
Kickstarter apologized last year for not acting fast enough to pull a page asking for funding for a “seduction guide,” which featured material advocating violence against women. The site also pulled a campaign for Kobe beef jerky last year after determining it was a scam. The Washington Post reported that GoFundMe also took down a fundraiser for Raffaele Sollecito, who was convicted with Amanda Knox of murdering Meredith Kercher in 2007. The page had been up since 2013 and had raised more than $40,000.
Determining when to step in ends up “being a very difficult decision for these platforms,” said Ethan Mollick, a management professor at the University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School of Business.
“There is this ongoing battle among the various crowdfunding sites about how much to curate and how much not to,” said Mollick, who researches crowdfunding. “There is probably some combination of curation or censoring that is optimal, and nobody knows quite what that is.”
One benefit of the more open platform is that it tends to be friendlier to women. Mollick co-authored a study last month which found that projects with female founders are more likely to reach their fundraising goals than projects with male founders. That’s the opposite of what happens in the non-virtual fundraising world, where much women are less likely to get funding from venture capitalists , banks and other traditional sources.
“The old ways of raising money are dominated by networks that are mostly male. And as a result, in order to get funding, there are a lot of ways that create issues for women,” Mollick said. “[Crowdfunding] allows people to be activists about supporting groups of people that they believe are underrepresented.”
More:

Olive Garden breadsticks targeted by activist investorOlive Garden breadsticks targeted by activist investor
Olive Garden breadsticks targeted by activist investor
An investor in Olive Garden is pushing the restaurant to cut down on breadsticks and salad dressing to save money.
An investor in Olive Garden is pushing the restaurant to cut down on breadsticks and salad dressing to save money.
By Becky Yerak, Tribune staff reporter
Olive Garden could save more than $4 million by curbing breadsticks, says activist investor
Giving fewer breadsticks at Olive Garden would mean more appetizer, dessert sales, says activist investor
Only one breadstick at Olive Garden?!
Unlimited garlic breadsticks have been a staple at Olive Garden, but an activist investor is calling on the Italian food chain to give one or maybe two servings of the carbs to patrons.
Doing so would reduce "massive unnecessary waste" and save more than $4 million, according to Starboard Value LP, an investor that is pressuring Olive Garden owner Darden Restaurants Inc. to make changes in its operations.

Made in the U.S.A. Not Anytime Soonreddit
At every conference or trade show I attend, there is one question that's always asked: is apparel manufacturing returning to America? While there may not be one simple answer, from everything I've observed, I lean toward a pretty emphatic 'no.' Economically, reshoring can't work at any significant scale.
In recent years, there has been a considerable amount of media attention focused on companies said to be bringing production back to the U.S. Walmart, known for its vast global sourcing chain, made a major media splash when it pledged to sell more U.S.-made goods in order to boost domestic manufacturers, while Everlane , a small venture-backed e-tailer known for its radical transparency, has attracted attention for its practice of highlighting each of its factory partners on its website -- and many of them are based in America.
While these examples clearly stoke the fires of hopeful return, a resurgence of manufacturing in America seems highly unlikely. Of course, American apparel manufacturing does exist. In fact, I am wearing an American-made pair of twill pants from Adriano Goldschmied right now. And Adriano Goldschmied is not alone in manufacturing in the U.S. American Apparel , J Brand , Save Khaki , Karen Kane , New Balance and many others all have domestic supply chains in place. But to assess the real potential of a return to domestic production, we have to be honest about the facts.
What We're Bringing In
In the past two decades, apparel imports to the U.S. have surged 160 percent, from $35 billion to $91 billion , and now comprise an estimated 95 to 97 percent of all apparel sold at retail In 2013, measured in dollar value, apparel imports grew 4 percent over 2012 , faster than the overall apparel market. What's more, companies have been consistently shifting production away from China, where labor costs continue to rise, to even cheaper countries like Vietnam and Bangladesh. In 2013, apparel imports from Vietnam , for example, grew by 14 percent (compared to 2.5 percent for those from China).
Niche premium brands can still create healthy, profitable businesses producing domestically and selling to socially-conscious, patriotic or otherwise discerning consumers. But only a small fraction of American consumers are willing to pay premium prices for U.S.-made apparel. The majority of consumers think of fast fashion, discount retailers, dollar stores and coupons when it comes to purchasing clothing; country of origin is simply not top of mind.
I have met with many apparel retailers who are concerned about lowering the cost of their goods. The solution, more often than not, is exploring alternative sourcing from countries in Asia. In the context of cutting cost, no company of any size has ever asked me how to bring production back to the United States.
Where, and at What Cost, It's Being Made
My stance on American apparel manufacturing is very simple: it won't work at scale because of basic economics. U.S. cut-and-sew wages have increased by more than 13 percent in the past seven years (inflation adjusted) to an average of $14.79 an hour. Assuming an average workday is eight hours, that comes to $118.32 per day, a figure that stands in marked contrast to wage rates in low-cost countries like Bangladesh and Vietnam.
In the past year, Bangladesh's government has finally agreed to a new salary structure for its workers, which took effect in December 2013. It brings the nation's new monthly minimum wage to 5,300 taka ($68), a 77 percent increase from the previous minimum wage of 3,000 taka ($39) -- yet still the lowest worldwide wage rate in the apparel industry. Meanwhile, workers in Vietnam saw a monthly minimum wage increase to between VND 1.9 million and VND 2.7 million ($90 to $128) depending on the region, a raise of 15 to 17 percent over the previous year. In India, depending on the region, monthly wages range from $130 to $150.
This means that, despite the increases, in one day an American worker will earn what a Bangladeshi worker earns in two months, or an Indian worker earns in roughly one month. And while working conditions in low-wage nations have been under scrutiny since the terrible Rana Plaza building collapse in Bangladesh last year -- and things are said to be improving -- the reality is that no matter how much costs increase to accommodate better Asian working conditions, labor costs in America will always be higher.
Of course, U.S. employers have to follow building codes and pay social security taxes, workers' compensation, health insurance and overtime. What's more, underperforming workers often have to be documented by human resources departments and given multiple warnings before they can be replaced. And if a factory in America fails to follow the rules, there are serious legal consequences, not to mention the likelihood of negative national media coverage. By contrast, let's just say, if a factory in Cambodia needs its workers to push out extra units to make a delivery and save the factory from forking out dollars to send their goods by air, the factory owner won't need to do much coaxing to get these workers to stay and work those extra hours. For apparel companies weighing their sourcing options, all of this makes doing business domestically cost prohibitive and complex.
Clearly, the labor conditions that exist in the Third World, or the "developing world," as it's euphemistically called, are often subpar -- but this is our reality. And if retailers are currently responding to rising costs in China by taking their business to Bangladesh, how is it even conceivable that they will decide to switch gears and produce in the U.S.?
Putting aside wages for the moment, clothing manufacturing has always attracted unskilled workers. From New York's garment district to Japan, Korea, China, India and now Bangladesh, production has always migrated from one low-cost country to the next, based on who could offer the most competitive price.
Why would America want to reshore an industry that is having a hard time paying its workers $100 a month in the Third World? Instead, shouldn't we be training and developing the future American workforce for higher skilled manufacturing -- where the superior education and training many workers receive in the U.S. could offer us a competitive advantage?
What Are We Better At?
Over the past decade, U.S. textile and apparel employment has plunged by nearly 50 percent, to a record low of 363,000 jobs. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, there are only 110,000 cut-and-sew apparel workers in this country, (for both highlighted above) a number that has been declining each month. Those apparel factories that have remained here in the U.S. are facing a labor shortage - more than a touch ironic, as one of the major reasons many give for supporting domestic apparel manufacturing is job creation.
In looking at the prospect of bringing apparel manufacturing back to the U.S., I see the world not through a domestic lens, but a global one. If America is indeed to see a surge in domestic apparel manufacturing, it will be because its engineers and scientists develop new machinery and new software that can automate, speed up and lower the costs of production, thereby enabling the country to compete with the likes of low-cost Bangladesh. There is opportunity here. But are we allocating our energies and resources to the right battle?
More:

Buy and hold : You re doing it wrongEMAIL
Getty
Talk about a perfect buy-and-hold stock market. Investors who just buy stocks — and do nothing — have ridden a pretty much straight line to riches.
But don’t let the comfort of buying and holding lull you into making a number of serious mistakes that injure returns. Even long-term investors who aren’t daytrading need to pay attention to some strategic blunders that can cost them in the long run.
There’s no question buying and holding has been a winning strategy in this bull market. Just look at the Standard & Poor’s 500 over the past five years. It has been almost a perfect escalator ride higher. Sure, there were a few bumps in 2011 and 2012, but it was best to just ignore all that.
Chart source: MSN Money
But with success breeds complacency. Eventually, the market will run into turbulence. And when it does, even if you’re a long-term buy-and-hold investor, don’t make the mistakes of:
* Treating individual stocks the same as indexes. If you’re buying-and-holding individual stocks, you face special risks. Unlike buy-and-hold investors who buy diversified baskets of stocks — like index funds — you’re subjected to the risk of individual companies. And you need to treat the situation much different.
Investors who bought accessory maker Coach (COH) – are a great example of this reality. Yes, the stock had been a monster winner between 2009 and early 2012. But once the stock started to crack, even buy-and-hold investors needed to be ready to bail out. Buy-and-hold investors who didn’t get out of Coach have seen their 130% gains dwindle to just 11% over the past five years. They would have been better off holding a broad index fund.
Professional investors tell investors who buy individual stocks to be ready to get out once the stock falls 10% or more from the price paid. If that’s too much drama for you, you should join other buy-and-hold investors who instead invest in diversified baskets of stocks. This charts shows you why:
Chart source: MSN Money
* Failing to rebalance. Just the word “rebalance” sounds like a gymnastics maneuver. And to other buy-and-hold investors, rebalancing seems too much like meddling or trading. But just the opposite is the case, according to research from Vanguard. Rebalancing is the process of scaling back portions of your buy-and-hold portfolio that do relatively better than other parts. It’s just like trimming back the green beans in your garden if they flourish so they don’t overcrowd the strawberries.
A diversified investor should own key asset classes like large U.S. stocks, emerging markets, real-estate investment trusts and value stocks. When REITs do great, like they are now , it’s prudent to cut them back to the proper percentage of your portfolio. The power of rebalancing is powerful over time. Vanguard estimates that keeping a portfolio on target adds up to 0.35% a portfolio annually. That adds up to real money over time, as the chart below shows:
Source: Vanguard
* Keeping your out-of-date portfolio. There are lots of things you did when you were in your 20s, that you probably shouldn’t be doing in your 40s, 50s or 60s. We’ll let you fill in the blanks. The same goes for your portfolio. If you first put together your portfolio 20 years ago — to fit your needs and risk appetite then — you might need to adjust now.
It’s not just theory. Let’s say you crafted your portfolio when you were young and risk tolerant, like IFA.com’s most aggressive portfolio . The most aggressive portfolio going might be one that has 24% U.S. company stock, 40% small U.S. company stock, 5% real estate, 18% international, 11% emerging markets and 0% bonds.
Sure, you’d be happy with the long-term average returns of 11.2%. And the risk would be fine, too, when you didn’t have much to gamble. But now that you’re 40, 50 or 60, do you really want to have a portfolio that has an outstanding chance at falling 11% in any year and a very good chance of falling 34%?
Buy-and-hold investors, too, need to know enough to tweak their portfolios over time. Can you really handle the kind of volatility this aggressive portfolio can serve up — as shown in the chart below:
Source: IFA.com
* Failing to have three to six-months of cash for emergencies. It’s easy to buy-and-hold if you don’t need the dough now. But it’s when cash demands come up, even buy-and-hold investors’ hands get forced. The trouble, too, is that investors often can see cash needs increase at the same time the market is depressed. During a recession, for instance, an investors’ income might be disrupted or reduced while stocks are in a bear market. Not having enough cash might force even a buy-and-hold investor to sell. That would be regrettable as it could undo years of discipline.
Professionals suggest having at least three months of living expenses on hand in cash — but preferably six months or more. Having this cash is critical for buy and hold investors so they can afford to buy and hold.
* Ignoring taxes. Buy and hold investors know they need mind fees. Avoiding commissions from rapid-fire trading stocks or incurring capital gains is a big justification for buy and hold. But that doesn’t mean investors can assume that’s the only leakage to be worried about.
One of the biggest hidden “fees” investors can deal with are taxes. Domestic stock fund lose 2 percentage points from annual returns due to taxes, Vanguard says, which cuts investors’ share of the market’s long-term average returns by 20%.
Since buy-and-hold investors are likely to accumulate income from dividends paid, there’s a good reason to mind taxes. One suggestion for buy-and-hold investors still working is to stuff bond holdings in tax-deferred accounts. That would keep the income of the high yielding instruments out of their annual income during their high earnings years, where it might be taxed at the higher ordinary income tax rate. And buy-and-hold investors who buy funds — keep an eye on how much of a bite is going to pay the tax man.
“Vanguard research has shown that, of all the expenses investors pay, taxes can potentially take the biggest bite out of total returns,” according to a Vanguard research document titled “Tax-efficient equity investing: Solutions for Maximizing After-Tax Returns.”

Carbon Pollution and Your Seafood Dinnerreddit
It's not much of an exaggeration to say that water is life; our lives are necessarily linked to water's ebb and flow, the water cycle. As I type this, rain is pounding down outside; it's one of those violently beautiful summer thunderstorms in the Northeast. This part of the country is getting more water than ever --  too much, really, thanks to shifts in climate. Rainfall here keeps increasing, raising our flood risk. It's a complaint that probably sounds hollow to those in thirsty California, now experiencing one of the most severe droughts since records have been kept.
I spend a lot of my time finding ways to make climate change information accessible , empowering, less overwhelming, and even funny. It's much easier to laugh than cry, and it's usually easier to engage on a subject when there's less guilt and more encouragement. We need to move the conversation about climate change past how bad things are going to get, and into how we are going to solve the problem and complete a transition to a clean energy future.
Much of the climate disruption we're seeing has to do with changes in water. Floods, droughts, severe weather, sea level rise and changes in the spread of some infectious diseases are all caused by changes in water distribution. But the water impacts of carbon pollution don't stop there. The same pollution that's disrupting our climate is also causing fundamental changes to the chemistry of the world's oceans. About 50 percent of the carbon pollution we've put in the air has been absorbed by the oceans, making ocean water more acidic, as explained with an abundance of humor in " The Silence of the Clams ," our most recent video:
It's worth a reminder that the level of consensus among scientists about all this is staggeringly high. Climate disruption -- or global warming if you prefer -- is real, and humans are causing it. That's the conclusion of 97 percent of climate scientists publishing in the field, the entire international community of scientists , every professional scientific society (except the American Association of Petroleum Geologists ) and the 13 federal agencies that, in April, released the U.S. National Climate Assessment , which talks at length about those floods and droughts I mentioned above and their real-world costs. "Anthropogenic forcing," as the scientific papers put it, is a fancy way of saying humans have become a force of nature. We live in a warming world, thanks mostly to carbon pollution from our burning all the oil, coal and natural gas we can find for transportation and power, and deforestation.
Carbon dioxide dissolved in seawater transforms into carbonic acid, and thus uses up the carbonate many species, such as corals, need to make shells and skeletons. This means that carbon pollution is causing more than just climate hijinks for us land-dwellers. The oceans are 30 percent more acidic than they were at the start of the Industrial Revolution and are on track to reach a 150 percent increase in acidity by 2100. That level of acidity threatens marine ecosystems, livelihoods in the fishing and tourism industries and food security around the world, not to mention the availability of many kinds of seafood. ( Oysters, anyone ?)
Ocean acidification only occasionally makes news , despite its projected all-the-oceans-of-the-world impact. As you'd expect for a topic that centers on a part of the world we can't usually see, only a quarter of people in the U.S. have even heard of it. Conveniently, however, the way to solve the ocean acidity problem is the same thing that we ought to be doing anyway to solve our climate problem: vastly reduce our carbon pollution.
For once, there's some good news on the climate (and ocean acidification) action front. The Environmental Protection Agency is finally acting on the Supreme Court's 2007 mandate for it to regulate carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases as pollutants under the Clean Air Act. EPA's proposed Clean Power Plan , for which it is still accepting public comments ( nudge, nudge ) is an essential first step in building the climate cost into the bottom line for fossil fuel companies. Not the final solution, mind you, but an essential first step.
EPA's action is a good reason for optimism. (And is also helpful for that very reason; optimism in the climate change discussion is necessary to achieve action on the scale we need.) More and more, people are tuning in to the realities of man-made climate instability and what it means for human civilization. Most people in the U.S. now support climate action -- even if it costs them some money to do so. But, most also say they need at least a little more information on the subject.
To get appropriate policies in place to deal with our pollution problem, with climate instability and its impacts, we need the sustained support of an informed public. In the U.S. -- which has historically produced most of the world's heat-trapping and ocean-acidifying carbon pollution -- the public is still learning about the effects to land, water and human civilization. No doubt, the policy discussion will continue for some time. One thing, however, is clear: to protect ourselves, and all future people, we absolutely can and must do something.
Follow Joylette Portlock on Twitter: www.twitter.com/dsa_climate
More:

FIIs pour in Rs. 17K crore in two weeks of SeptemberNew Delhi, September 14, 2014
Updated: September 14, 2014 11:37 IST
FIIs pour in Rs. 17K crore in two weeks of September
PTI
foreign investment
Continuing to bet on the government’s reforms agenda, overseas investors have pumped in a whopping Rs. 17,000 crore in the Indian capital market since the beginning of this month.
Net investments by foreign investors in the equity market were Rs. 6,665 crore ($1.1 billion) from September 1 to 12, while they infused a net amount of Rs. 10,432 crore ($1.72 billion) in the debt market during the period, taking the total to Rs. 17,098 crore ($2.8 billion), as per the latest official data.
Market analysts maintain that overseas investors (Foreign Institutional Investors, sub-accounts or foreign portfolio investors) have been betting on the Indian market mainly on account of the reforms agenda of the new government at the Centre.
They anticipate that inflows would continue in the coming months on a slew of measures announced by the government.
Since the beginning of the year, foreign investors have made a net investment of Rs. 1.98 lakh crore ($33 billion) into the country’s securities market. This includes a net investment of Rs. 85,000 crore in equities and Rs. 1.12 lakh crore into debt market.
FIIs, the main driver of the equity market, have helped push up the benchmark BSE Sensex by 1.58 per cent so far this month and is now moving above 27,000 level.
Strong inflows in the recent months have taken the cumulative net investments of FIIs into India to $204 billion, or Rs. 9.88 lakh crore, in nearly 22 year period.
This is based on the data since November 1992 when the FIIs began investing into Indian markets and includes about $160 billion investments into equities and about $44 billion in debt markets.
From June, FIIs along with sub-accounts and qualified foreign investors have been clubbed together by market regulator SEBI to create a new investor category called Foreign Portfolio Investors.

J&K Bank wants hefty premium to sell its 5% stake in PNB MetLifeSomasroy Chakraborty & M Saraswathy |  Kolkata / Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 12:50 AM IST
J&K Bank wants hefty premium to sell its 5% stake in PNB MetLife
Was earlier exploring opportunities to sell its shares in the insurance joint venture for around Rs 700 cr
Jammu and Kashmir Bank (J&K Bank) wants a hefty premium for selling its entire five per cent stake in PNB MetLife India Insurance Company. The lender was earlier exploring opportunities to sell its shares in the insurance joint venture for about Rs 700 crore.
“The old valuation is no longer valid. The price has to be much, much higher for us to sell our stake. We have started the process (of identifying buyers). But we are not going to do it in a hurry. We are not desperate to sell our stake,” Mushtaq Ahmad, chairman and CEO of J&K Bank, told Business Standard.
The insurance company is a joint venture between US-based MetLife International Holdings, Punjab National Bank (PNB), J&K Bank, M Pallonji and Company, and other investors. PNB and MetLife International own maximum shares in the company with 30 per cent and 26 per cent stake, respectively.
Ahmad did not offer details on the price at which the bank was willing to sell its shares in the insurance venture. “We will wait for the right price,” he said, adding that a higher valuation was justified as the company’s performance has improved.
For the quarter ended June 30, 2014, PNB MetLife had collected new business premiums of Rs 137.07 crore, compared to Rs 134.20 crore in the corresponding period of the previous year. The insurance company reported a net profit of Rs 192 crore in 2013-14 (April-March), compared to Rs 108 crore a year earlier.
PNB MetLife was earlier known as MetLife India Insurance Company. It was renamed after PNB acquired a stake in the insurance venture from its existing shareholders. J&K Bank had trimmed its stake in the company from 11.26 per cent to five per cent when it sold some of its shares to MetLife. The bank had then raised Rs 190 crore by selling 52 million shares at Rs 36.50 a piece.
It was not immediately known if PNB was willing to increase its stake in the company further by buying J&K Bank’s remaining five per cent stake. MetLife International will not be allowed to buy these shares as current rules prevent foreign insurers from owning more than 26 per cent stake in insurance ventures in India.
Also, J&K Bank along with PNB and Karnataka Bank are bancassurance partners of PNB MetLife. The three lenders market the insurer’s products through their bank branches.
PNB MetLife maintained that even if J&K Bank sells its stake in the company, it would not affect its bancassurance partnership. “In view of the current calamity in Jammu and Kashmir, we are setting up claim camps to ensure all J&K Bank customers who had a PNB MetLife policy get easy access to claim settlement. Any decision on stake sale is a board call and does not impact our bancassurance arrangement,” said Tarun Chugh, managing director and CEO of PNB MetLife.
Top Stories

Tech chiefs in plea over privacy damageSeptember 14, 2014 9:01 pm
Tech chiefs in plea over privacy damage
By Richard Waters in San Francisco
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b9ab8ec2-3c09-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Kashmir willow under water  cricket bat industry on sticky wicketKashmir willow under water, cricket bat industry on sticky wicket
Jasvinder Sidhu , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 15, 2014
First Published: 01:46 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 17:25 IST(15/9/2014)
Comments
The cricket bat industry in Jalandhar and Meerut is bracing for a crisis as the recent floods in Jammu and Kashmir have washed away Kashmir willow, worth crores, used for making bats.
The industry is not only predicting a shortage of raw wood in the coming days, but a steep increase in price, which will hit Ranji, under-19 and budding cricketers. Established players may not be affected as most use bats made of imported English willow, which are far too expensive for the local players who prefer staffs made from Kashmiri wood.
"We have information that whatever willow they had in their yards has either been swept away or damaged by the flood waters. It is bad news for the industry," Paras Anand, director of marketing at SG, a Meerut-based bat manufacturer, told HT.
"Our Kashmiri suppliers are not disclosing the extent of damage but if the inputs we are getting here are right, acute shortage is round the corner," added Anand.
The willow trees grow best around the Jhelum River but production hubs like Pulwama, Bijbehara, Baramulla, Sangam, Charsu are still submerged. More than 80% of bat-makers in Jalandhar and Meerut depend on J&K for raw material.
Industry sources said J-K produces more than 25 lakh ready-to-play and raw (cut piece without handle) willow bats. The industry has a turnover of over Rs. 100 crore and provides livelihood to around 50,000 people.
"Huge amounts of raw wood (cut pieces to make bats) have been swept away by the flood. Even if you cut new pieces, there would be spots in them because of the moisture," said Rakesh Mahajan, MD, BDM.
"Once moisture gets in the wood, there will be a black spot on them and you won't have the required finish," he added.
"Not only the willow, the cutting machines are under water too, and according to information we are getting here, majority of them could be damaged beyond repair. They will need decent money to install new ones, so naturally, the cost of bats will go up," said Manish Mahajan, managing director of a Jalandhar-based bat manufacturer.
"Bats made of good quality Kashmir willow start from Rs. 3,000 while English willow bats start from Rs. 5,000. Budding cricketers can't afford English willow bats, so, the Kashmir willow bats are very popular. Besides, they earn huge export revenue for India," said Anand.

Phones 4U goes into administrationLast updated: September 15, 2014 7:24 pm
Phones 4U owner clashes with mobile groups Vodafone and EE
By Daniel Thomas and Anne-Sylvaine Chassany
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/7cf7a8c0-3c55-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

First count of GM victims to be releasedGM compensation czar to unveil initial death toll from ignition flaw
By Gregory Wallace and Poppy Harlow  @CNNMoney September 14, 2014: 7:38 PM ET
 
How GM will pay its victims
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Update: Feinberg announces he has so far linked 19 deaths to the ignition switch flaw. Read more .
Attorney Ken Feinberg will announce Monday how many deaths and injuries he has so far tied to General Motors' ignition switch flaw, his office said Sunday.
GM ( GM ) has publicly linked 13 deaths and 54 accidents to the fault, but the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration have said they believe the numbers to be larger. The company only counted head-on crashes where the frontal airbag did not properly deploy and victims were in the vehicles' front seats.
The families of those who died in the vehicles are eligible to apply for $1 million in compensation from the fund, plus an estimate of the victim's future earning potential. Those families must agree to not sue GM . Its 2009 bankruptcy provided a liability shield from many lawsuits, and a federal judge is deciding how that will apply to ignition switch claims.
Feinberg was hired by General Motors to oversee the fund but has stressed his independence from GM management in deciding who is eligible for compensation. He told CNN in June there is no cap on how much GM may have to pay out to victims through the program. He has previously overseen funds for victims of 9/11, the Gulf oil spill and the Boston Marathon bombing.
GM spokesman Dave Ronan said the company would comment on Monday.
In late August, Feinberg's office said the fund had received over 100 claims .
Claims will be accepted until the end of the year, and his office said he will likely not finish reviewing them all until the middle of 2015.
GM engineers first knew of the flaw a decade ago, but the company publicly acknowledged it for the first time in February. It has now recalled 2.6 million cars related to the problem.
 
Feinberg defends GM victim pay plan
Drivers of certain small Chevrolet, Pontiac and Saturn cars can inadvertently bump the ignition switch out of run, disabling the power steering, anti-lock braking, and airbags.
Greater scrutiny to GM's handling of vehicle issues led to a stream of recalls; the company has issued 65 this year for a total of nearly 30 million vehicles .
GM commissioned a former federal prosecutor to conduct an internal investigation. Anton Valukas found no evidence of a broad coverup or conspiracy within GM, but faulted "a pattern of management deficiencies and misjudgments," CEO Mary Barra said.

Fortis Healthcare shares gain on overseas unit saleFortis Healthcare shares climb over 6% on overseas unit sale
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 17:25 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Fortis Healthcare ended over 6 per cent higher on Monday as the company said it will divest 100 per cent stake in healthcare service provider RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for SGD 137 million (over Rs 655 crore).
After surging 11.65 per cent to Rs 136 - its 52-week high in intra-day trade, shares of Fortis Healthcare trimmed some of the gains finally ended at Rs 129.40, up 6.24 per cent on the BSE .
At the NSE, the scrip rose by 6.19 per cent to settle at Rs 129.45.
On the volume front, 10.92 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over 51 lakh shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
"Fortis Healthcare Singapore Private Ltd, a subsidiary of Fortis Healthcare International Private Ltd, one of our step-down subsidiaries in Singapore, announced its decision to divest 100 per cent shareholding in RadLink-Asia Private Ltd and its subsidiaries, 'RadLink', Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates Ltd, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of IHH Healthcare Berhad, for SGD 137,000,000," Fortis Healthcare had said in a statement on Friday.
The deal will be successfully closed following the necessary statutory and regulatory approvals as per local requirements, it had said.
RadLink is engaged in providing healthcare services, including outpatient diagnostic and molecular imaging services in Singapore, Fortis Healthcare had said.

ET Wealth | How to draft your will onlineYou are here: Home > Collections > Premium
Why you shouldn't invest like your parents in today's financial world
Babar Zaidi, ET Bureau Sep 15, 2014, 10.32AM IST
Tags:
ArthaYantra.com
(No doubt your parents want…)
They took utmost care of you, protected you against harm and did everything they could to fulfill your needs. So there is no question that your parents have your best interests in mind when they give you guidance. Even so, your parents might be misleading you by giving you financial advice that's way past its expiry date.
No doubt your parents want to help, but they might not have all the answers you need. For one, they may not be aware of the market situation or have adequate knowledge of financial instruments available. The mutual fund space itself is so vast that even experts struggle to identify the right funds. The insurance sector is also teeming with products. It could also be that your parents' advice is prejudiced by personal experience. Instead of blindly going by what they say, one needs to make more informed choices.
Gen Y investors are at greatest risk. The Hyderabad-based financial planning portal ArthaYantra.com estimates that nearly 2 out of every 3 professionals aged 21-27 years base their financial decisions on their parents' advice (see graphic). These figures are based on information given by registered users of the financial planning portal.
Traditional life insurance policies are an all-time favourite investment choice. It's common for people to buy an endowment or money-back policy for their child as a gift. They pay the premium for the initial years. After the child starts earning, the onus of paying the premium shifts to him. "Parents might think they are giving their child a great gift. What they don't realise is that they are saddling him with a suboptimal investment for the next 15-20 years," says Nitin Vyakaranam, founder and CEO of ArthaYantra.com
Shackled by the premium
Meet Naveen Parashar, a PSU manager based in Delhi (see picture) who pays almost Rs 1 lakh a year for seven life insurance policies that give him a combined life cover of Rs 14 lakh. Two of these policies were bought for him by his father. He repeated the mistake by buying two policies for his children. But such traditional insurance plans fall between two stools, offering neither good returns nor adequate life cover. Parashar realised this a few years ago and bought a pure protection term plan of Rs 50 lakh for himself. But he still feels shackled by the premium that flows into the other seven policies.
To be fair, one can't blame the older generation for forcing poor investment choices on their progeny. They have lived in an era which was very different from the present. Back in the 1970s and 80s, the stock market was an opaque establishment, mutual funds were unknown, insurance companies were trusted entities and real estate prices were at rock bottom levels. Life insurance policies, bank deposits and small savings schemes were the best way to save money. So, parents can't be faulted for advising their children to invest in instruments that helped them create wealth in the past.
When Rajeev Kishore Dubey started his career as a management trainee in 1977, his father advised him to start a recurring deposit of Rs 100 a month. The chairman and managing director of Canara Bank recalls how difficult it was to spare Rs 100 out of his monthly stipend of Rs 700. "I told him it was impossible. After paying the rent and basic living expenses, I was left with barely nothing," he says. Yet, his father persisted and finally prevailed upon him to open a recurring deposit. Years later, when the deposit matured, Dubey realised the wisdom of his father's advice.
Now, 37 years later, Dubey is proffering the same advice to his children. "But instead of putting money in recurring deposits and bank fixed deposits, they want to invest in SIPs of mutual funds," he says derisively. "They don't realise how risky it can be."
  New rules, new products
It's heartening to note that a growing section of Gen Y is not ready to consume the financial advice dished out by their parents. The younger Dubeys understand that recurring and fixed deposits are very tax-inefficient compared to debt mutual funds and FMPs. Even though the budget has changed the rules, long-term investors in debt funds and FMPs still enjoy a significant tax advantage over bank deposits. "Instead of paying 30% tax on the interest on bank deposits, you will pay only a small amount as capital gains tax after indexation on the gains from a 3-year FMP," says Sudhir Kaushik, co-founder and CFO of tax filing portal Taxspanner.com.
The problem is that the older generation is not quite aware of the intricacies of the tax rules. For them, debt funds, non-convertible debentures and FMPs are too complicated and they would rather stick to the simple straightforward bank deposit even though better and more lucrative options are available in the market.

Its collapse leaves Carphone WarehousePhones 4U shops closing down across UK
Staff from Phones 4U in Stockport posted up a ''heartbroken'' sign in their window
Phones 4U and its adverts
Retailer Phones 4U has gone into administration putting 5,596 jobs at more than 700 outlets at risk.
Accountancy firm PwC has been appointed to see if any of the 560 stores and 160 concessions can be re-opened or sold.
The retailer, owned by private equity firm BC Partners, blamed the decision to shut its shops on mobile network EE's decision  not to renew its contract
This followed a similar move from Vodafone earlier in September.
"If mobile network operators decline to supply us, we do not have a business," said Phones 4U boss David Kassler.
The company said established mobile contracts taken out through it would not be affected, although phones ordered and not despatched - for example anyone ordering the new iPhone 6 over the weekend - would be. A customer service line will be open from Monday at 09:00.
In a statement, PwC said: "Our initial focus will be to quickly engage with parties who may be interested in acquiring all or part of the business, and to better understand the financial position and options for the company. The stores will remain closed while we have these conversations.
"We will also be talking to network operators and suppliers, and trying to access funds to pay for the costs of the business, including wages.
"These conversations will determine whether we can re-open stores and trade, and also if and when we can pay the arrears of wages to employees. Our hope is that we will be able to pay all the outstanding wages arrears."
What next for customers? Will this affect mobile phone contracts bought through Phones 4U?
All existing mobile phone contracts will be honoured, the company says. Networks will continue to provide mobile services to these customers, so customers will be able to continue using and paying for their phone as normal.
The company says that any existing discount deals will still be honoured. Some customers receive a £5 discount each month.
Clearly, customers will still have a decision to make about where to take their custom when their contract expires.
What about phone insurance policies?
Again, these policies will be honoured. Anyone who needs to make a claim if, for example, their phone has been stolen will still be able to do so, with staff still available to take these calls on 0844 8710535.
What happens if a phone has been ordered from Phones 4U?
The company says that any phones that have been ordered and sent out can be used as normal by customers.
However, orders of phones yet to be dispatched will be cancelled and refunds automatically paid to customers.
Phones 4U customer services remain operational and available on 0844 8712253, the company adds. Customers whose phones are being repaired can call 0844 8712269. Their repairs will be completed with the phone being sent back to their home address rather than a store.
Rory Cellan-Jones reports: ''The competition to sell mobile phones is getting ever more intense"
Continue reading the main story
“Start Quote
The ultimate result will be less competition, less choice and higher prices for mobile customers in the UK”
End Quote David Kassler Phones 4U
A spokesperson for EE said the decision not to renew its contract with Phones 4U was "driven by developments in the marketplace that have called into question the long term viability of the Phones 4U business".
The spokesperson added that the decision was also "in line with our strategy to focus on growth in our direct channels".
EE, Vodafone and 02 all have around 500 stores across the country, broadly the same same sized network of stores that Phones 4U has, and sell directly to customers through these.
BC Partners said EE's contract was due to expire next September, a full year from now.
A sign posted in a Phones 4U shop. The same message appears on the website
It warned "the ultimate result will be less competition, less choice and higher prices for mobile customers in the UK"
Analyst Rahul Sharma, from Neev Capital, told the BBC the network operators own businesses were under pressure and the companies were  trying to shore up their profits. He also pointed out the EU has put pressure on their charges, most recently stamping down on roaming costs.
Professor Andre Spicer, from the Cass Business School, said customers had less need of high street phone shops in any case: "Currently the networks are asking how they can take over more of the supply chain so they can reap a greater percentage of the profit created.
"Consumers are no longer scared of smart phones. This means they are less in need of a sales person to walk them through the purchase. Instead, they are likely to be happier buying devices online. This leaves retailers with less space for growth."
'Sad day'
Continue reading the main story
“Start Quote
We strongly reject any suggestion that we behaved inappropriately at any stage during our negotiations with Phones 4U”
End Quote Vodafone statement
Mr Kassler, chief executive of Phones 4U, said it was a "very sad day" for both customers and staff.
"A good company making profits of over £100m, employing thousands of decent people has been forced into administration," he added.
The firm said EE and Vodafone's decisions not to renew their contracts had come as "a complete shock".
Phones 4U said it had only received EE's decision late on Friday.
Stefano Quadrio Curzio, from BC Partners, said: "Vodafone has acted in exactly the opposite way to what they had consistently indicated to the management of Phones 4U over more than six months.
"Their behaviour appears to have been designed to inflict the maximum damage to their partner of 15 years, giving Phones 4U no time to develop commercial alternatives.

Phones 4U facing administrationPhones 4U shops closing down across UK
Staff from Phones 4U in Stockport posted up a ''heartbroken'' sign in their window
Phones 4U and its adverts
Retailer Phones 4U has gone into administration putting 5,596 jobs at more than 700 outlets at risk.
Accountancy firm PwC has been appointed to see if any of the 560 stores and 160 concessions can be re-opened or sold.
The retailer, owned by private equity firm BC Partners, blamed the decision to shut its shops on mobile network EE's decision  not to renew its contract
This followed a similar move from Vodafone earlier in September.
"If mobile network operators decline to supply us, we do not have a business," said Phones 4U boss David Kassler.
The company said established mobile contracts taken out through it would not be affected, although phones ordered and not despatched - for example anyone ordering the new iPhone 6 over the weekend - would be. A customer service line will be open from Monday at 09:00.
In a statement, PwC said: "Our initial focus will be to quickly engage with parties who may be interested in acquiring all or part of the business, and to better understand the financial position and options for the company. The stores will remain closed while we have these conversations.
"We will also be talking to network operators and suppliers, and trying to access funds to pay for the costs of the business, including wages.
"These conversations will determine whether we can re-open stores and trade, and also if and when we can pay the arrears of wages to employees. Our hope is that we will be able to pay all the outstanding wages arrears."
What next for customers? Will this affect mobile phone contracts bought through Phones 4U?
All existing mobile phone contracts will be honoured, the company says. Networks will continue to provide mobile services to these customers, so customers will be able to continue using and paying for their phone as normal.
The company says that any existing discount deals will still be honoured. Some customers receive a £5 discount each month.
Clearly, customers will still have a decision to make about where to take their custom when their contract expires.
What about phone insurance policies?
Again, these policies will be honoured. Anyone who needs to make a claim if, for example, their phone has been stolen will still be able to do so, with staff still available to take these calls on 0844 8710535.
What happens if a phone has been ordered from Phones 4U?
The company says that any phones that have been ordered and sent out can be used as normal by customers.
However, orders of phones yet to be dispatched will be cancelled and refunds automatically paid to customers.
Phones 4U customer services remain operational and available on 0844 8712253, the company adds. Customers whose phones are being repaired can call 0844 8712269. Their repairs will be completed with the phone being sent back to their home address rather than a store.
Rory Cellan-Jones reports: ''The competition to sell mobile phones is getting ever more intense"
Continue reading the main story
“Start Quote
The ultimate result will be less competition, less choice and higher prices for mobile customers in the UK”
End Quote David Kassler Phones 4U
A spokesperson for EE said the decision not to renew its contract with Phones 4U was "driven by developments in the marketplace that have called into question the long term viability of the Phones 4U business".
The spokesperson added that the decision was also "in line with our strategy to focus on growth in our direct channels".
EE, Vodafone and 02 all have around 500 stores across the country, broadly the same same sized network of stores that Phones 4U has, and sell directly to customers through these.
BC Partners said EE's contract was due to expire next September, a full year from now.
A sign posted in a Phones 4U shop. The same message appears on the website
It warned "the ultimate result will be less competition, less choice and higher prices for mobile customers in the UK"
Analyst Rahul Sharma, from Neev Capital, told the BBC the network operators own businesses were under pressure and the companies were  trying to shore up their profits. He also pointed out the EU has put pressure on their charges, most recently stamping down on roaming costs.
Professor Andre Spicer, from the Cass Business School, said customers had less need of high street phone shops in any case: "Currently the networks are asking how they can take over more of the supply chain so they can reap a greater percentage of the profit created.
"Consumers are no longer scared of smart phones. This means they are less in need of a sales person to walk them through the purchase. Instead, they are likely to be happier buying devices online. This leaves retailers with less space for growth."
'Sad day'
Continue reading the main story
“Start Quote
We strongly reject any suggestion that we behaved inappropriately at any stage during our negotiations with Phones 4U”
End Quote Vodafone statement
Mr Kassler, chief executive of Phones 4U, said it was a "very sad day" for both customers and staff.
"A good company making profits of over £100m, employing thousands of decent people has been forced into administration," he added.
The firm said EE and Vodafone's decisions not to renew their contracts had come as "a complete shock".
Phones 4U said it had only received EE's decision late on Friday.
Stefano Quadrio Curzio, from BC Partners, said: "Vodafone has acted in exactly the opposite way to what they had consistently indicated to the management of Phones 4U over more than six months.
"Their behaviour appears to have been designed to inflict the maximum damage to their partner of 15 years, giving Phones 4U no time to develop commercial alternatives.

going into administrationPhones 4U shops closing down across UK
Staff from Phones 4U in Stockport posted up a ''heartbroken'' sign in their window
Phones 4U and its adverts
Retailer Phones 4U has gone into administration putting 5,596 jobs at more than 700 outlets at risk.
Accountancy firm PwC has been appointed to see if any of the 560 stores and 160 concessions can be re-opened or sold.
The retailer, owned by private equity firm BC Partners, blamed the decision to shut its shops on mobile network EE's decision  not to renew its contract
This followed a similar move from Vodafone earlier in September.
"If mobile network operators decline to supply us, we do not have a business," said Phones 4U boss David Kassler.
The company said established mobile contracts taken out through it would not be affected, although phones ordered and not despatched - for example anyone ordering the new iPhone 6 over the weekend - would be. A customer service line will be open from Monday at 09:00.
In a statement, PwC said: "Our initial focus will be to quickly engage with parties who may be interested in acquiring all or part of the business, and to better understand the financial position and options for the company. The stores will remain closed while we have these conversations.
"We will also be talking to network operators and suppliers, and trying to access funds to pay for the costs of the business, including wages.
"These conversations will determine whether we can re-open stores and trade, and also if and when we can pay the arrears of wages to employees. Our hope is that we will be able to pay all the outstanding wages arrears."
What next for customers? Will this affect mobile phone contracts bought through Phones 4U?
All existing mobile phone contracts will be honoured, the company says. Networks will continue to provide mobile services to these customers, so customers will be able to continue using and paying for their phone as normal.
The company says that any existing discount deals will still be honoured. Some customers receive a £5 discount each month.
Clearly, customers will still have a decision to make about where to take their custom when their contract expires.
What about phone insurance policies?
Again, these policies will be honoured. Anyone who needs to make a claim if, for example, their phone has been stolen will still be able to do so, with staff still available to take these calls on 0844 8710535.
What happens if a phone has been ordered from Phones 4U?
The company says that any phones that have been ordered and sent out can be used as normal by customers.
However, orders of phones yet to be dispatched will be cancelled and refunds automatically paid to customers.
Phones 4U customer services remain operational and available on 0844 8712253, the company adds. Customers whose phones are being repaired can call 0844 8712269. Their repairs will be completed with the phone being sent back to their home address rather than a store.
Rory Cellan-Jones reports: ''The competition to sell mobile phones is getting ever more intense"
Continue reading the main story
“Start Quote
The ultimate result will be less competition, less choice and higher prices for mobile customers in the UK”
End Quote David Kassler Phones 4U
A spokesperson for EE said the decision not to renew its contract with Phones 4U was "driven by developments in the marketplace that have called into question the long term viability of the Phones 4U business".
The spokesperson added that the decision was also "in line with our strategy to focus on growth in our direct channels".
EE, Vodafone and 02 all have around 500 stores across the country, broadly the same same sized network of stores that Phones 4U has, and sell directly to customers through these.
BC Partners said EE's contract was due to expire next September, a full year from now.
A sign posted in a Phones 4U shop. The same message appears on the website
It warned "the ultimate result will be less competition, less choice and higher prices for mobile customers in the UK"
Analyst Rahul Sharma, from Neev Capital, told the BBC the network operators own businesses were under pressure and the companies were  trying to shore up their profits. He also pointed out the EU has put pressure on their charges, most recently stamping down on roaming costs.
Professor Andre Spicer, from the Cass Business School, said customers had less need of high street phone shops in any case: "Currently the networks are asking how they can take over more of the supply chain so they can reap a greater percentage of the profit created.
"Consumers are no longer scared of smart phones. This means they are less in need of a sales person to walk them through the purchase. Instead, they are likely to be happier buying devices online. This leaves retailers with less space for growth."
'Sad day'
Continue reading the main story
“Start Quote
We strongly reject any suggestion that we behaved inappropriately at any stage during our negotiations with Phones 4U”
End Quote Vodafone statement
Mr Kassler, chief executive of Phones 4U, said it was a "very sad day" for both customers and staff.
"A good company making profits of over £100m, employing thousands of decent people has been forced into administration," he added.
The firm said EE and Vodafone's decisions not to renew their contracts had come as "a complete shock".
Phones 4U said it had only received EE's decision late on Friday.
Stefano Quadrio Curzio, from BC Partners, said: "Vodafone has acted in exactly the opposite way to what they had consistently indicated to the management of Phones 4U over more than six months.
"Their behaviour appears to have been designed to inflict the maximum damage to their partner of 15 years, giving Phones 4U no time to develop commercial alternatives.

from rival SABMillerHeineken rejects takeover offer from SABMiller
Heineken is the world's third largest beer producer by volume
Dutch brewing giant Heineken has rejected a takeover offer from London brewer SABMiller saying the proposal is "non-actionable".
Heineken said it had "consulted with its majority shareholder" before rejecting the approach.
It said the Heineken family, the founding family which still owns half of the firm, wanted to preserve the firm as "an independent company".
Heineken said it was confident it would continue to grow.
"The Heineken family and Heineken N.V.'s management are confident that the company will continue to deliver growth and shareholder value," it added.
The founding Heineken family owns just over 50% of the brewer via Heineken Holding. A further 12% is owned by Mexico's FEMSA.
Brewing speculation
Heineken's statement was prompted by a Bloomberg story suggesting SABMiller had approached the Dutch firm to protect itself from a potential takeover.
There has been speculation within the brewing industry, for months, that SABMiller has been targeted by the world's number one brewer Anheuser-Busch InBev.
Heineken is the world's third largest beer producer behind AB Inbev and SABMiller, based on volume.
"Should AB Inbev choose to make a bid, which we think is likely, the chance of success has increased," said Eddy Hargreaves, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity in London.
"SABMiller's approach may cause some short term share price excitement, but we think Heineken's decision is final," he said.
SABMiller gained 5.3% to £35.855 per share in London, while Heineken rose 1.5%.
Apart from the namesake beer - Heineken, the company also produces Sol and Strongbow Apple ciders.
Miller time
When contacted by the BBC, SABMiller declined to comment. The company is the second-largest beer maker in the world, selling about 21 billion litres of lager worldwide.
SABMiller's beer brands include Miller Genuine Draft, Grolsch and Peroni Nastro Azzurro. The company also produces soft drinks, and it is one of the world's largest bottlers of Coca-Cola drinks.
For the full financial year to March 2014, SABMiller earned $27bn (£17bn) in revenues.
SABMiller's shares are traded on the London stock exchange. The company also has a secondary listing on the Johannesburg stock exchange.
More on This Story

Why Didn t You Just Leave  Six Domestic Violence Survivors Explain Why It s Never That SimpleRead Kate’s story »
It’s the question every survivor of domestic violence is posed, often incredulously: Why didn’t you just leave? The reality is that leaving an abusive relationship is often a herculean task that endangers the woman and calls for resources that aren’t readily available.
In June, after The Huffington Post ran an investigative report on a woman allegedly murdered by her boyfriend, we received an outpouring of responses from domestic violence survivors who wanted to explain why they had stayed with their abusers. We spent the next three months interviewing these women. While they offered hundreds of reasons, ranging from the logistical to the deeply personal, some common themes emerged: Fear. Love. Family. Money. Shame. Isolation.
In this series, you will hear from six survivors of domestic violence about why they didn’t leave sooner. The stories — told in their own words — are as distinct as they are similar. One woman suffered a brutal week of abuse before fleeing. Others stayed for decades trying to make things work. Two women were shot, the bullets narrowly missing their hearts. Another endured years of incessant stalking.
This week, stories like theirs became part of a national conversation when a video surfaced of pro football player Ray Rice violently punching his then-fiancee Janay Palmer in an elevator. Palmer, who married Rice just a few weeks after the incident, was criticized for having stayed with him. Then, something remarkable happened: Writer Beverly Gooden shared her own reasons for staying in an abusive relationship on Twitter, using the hashtag #WhyIStayed . Within hours, hundreds of survivors were tweeting their own reasons for doing the same.
As the stories continue to flood in, we hope this project will make it clear that “just leaving” often isn't an option. We hope these accounts will prompt people to stop asking why she stayed — and instead begin asking how they can help.
These stories include descriptions of extreme violence and sexual assault and may be distressing for some readers.
Need help? In the U.S., call 1-800-799-SAFE (7233) for the National Domestic Violence Hotline.
More:

Heineken rejects takeoverHeineken rejects takeover offer from SABMiller
Heineken is the world's third largest beer producer by volume
Dutch brewing giant Heineken has rejected a takeover offer from London brewer SABMiller saying the proposal is "non-actionable".
Heineken said it had "consulted with its majority shareholder" before rejecting the approach.
It said the Heineken family, the founding family which still owns half of the firm, wanted to preserve the firm as "an independent company".
Heineken said it was confident it would continue to grow.
"The Heineken family and Heineken N.V.'s management are confident that the company will continue to deliver growth and shareholder value," it added.
The founding Heineken family owns just over 50% of the brewer via Heineken Holding. A further 12% is owned by Mexico's FEMSA.
Brewing speculation
Heineken's statement was prompted by a Bloomberg story suggesting SABMiller had approached the Dutch firm to protect itself from a potential takeover.
There has been speculation within the brewing industry, for months, that SABMiller has been targeted by the world's number one brewer Anheuser-Busch InBev.
Heineken is the world's third largest beer producer behind AB Inbev and SABMiller, based on volume.
"Should AB Inbev choose to make a bid, which we think is likely, the chance of success has increased," said Eddy Hargreaves, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity in London.
"SABMiller's approach may cause some short term share price excitement, but we think Heineken's decision is final," he said.
SABMiller gained 5.3% to £35.855 per share in London, while Heineken rose 1.5%.
Apart from the namesake beer - Heineken, the company also produces Sol and Strongbow Apple ciders.
Miller time
When contacted by the BBC, SABMiller declined to comment. The company is the second-largest beer maker in the world, selling about 21 billion litres of lager worldwide.
SABMiller's beer brands include Miller Genuine Draft, Grolsch and Peroni Nastro Azzurro. The company also produces soft drinks, and it is one of the world's largest bottlers of Coca-Cola drinks.
For the full financial year to March 2014, SABMiller earned $27bn (£17bn) in revenues.
SABMiller's shares are traded on the London stock exchange. The company also has a secondary listing on the Johannesburg stock exchange.
More on This Story

private equity group BC Partners in 2011About Us
BC Partners
Founded in 1986 as one of the few truly pan-European buy-out investors, BC Partners has grown and evolved into a leader in buy-outs, principally investing in larger businesses in the region and selectively in North America through its established network of offices in London, Paris, Hamburg and New York. BC Partners continues to identify attractive investment opportunities by focusing on the best balance of risk and reward for its investors and is currently advising funds totalling over €12 billion.
Since inception, BC Partners has completed 85 acquisitions with a total enterprise value of €88 billion and has delivered superior returns through economic cycles, demonstrating discipline in bull markets and an ability to invest in attractive opportunities amidst turbulence and recession.
Leading buy-out firm investing in larger businesses principally in Europe and also North America
85 investments completed with a total enterprise value of €88 billion
Advising funds totalling over €12 billion
Longstanding pan-European network
One fully integrated team across four offices
Focused on the best balance of risk and reward for investors
Discipline in bull markets and ability to identify opportunities amidst turbulence and recession
Consistently delivered superior returns to investors

Russia to create anti-crisis fund to aid sanctions-hit companiesPrint
Reuters | Moscow | Posted: September 15, 2014 11:58 am
Russia’s Finance Ministry will create a multi-billion dollar anti-crisis fund in 2015 to aid those companies hit by sanctions, Russian news agencies cited Finance Minister Anton Siluanov as saying on Monday.
The money would be made available by blocking for a second year running transfers of funds from the federal budget into the Pension Fund and would also use a sum of money left in this year’s budget.
The decision to stop transferring money to the Pension Fund should give the budget an extra 309 billion roubles, Siluanov was quoted as saying.
Related

Advice for passengers can be found here- on the Air France app available on iPhone, Android Windows Phone and BlackBerry
 
How to postpone your trip or receive a refund in case of cancellation.
Customers can postpone their trip until between 23 and 30 September 2014, at no extra cost, subject to availability.
Customers whose flight is cancelled will receive a full refund.
They can also choose to receive a voucher valid for one year on Air France or KLM to postpone their trip beyond 30 September 2014, to change their destination or departure airport or if they choose not to travel.
 
online at www.airfrance.com in the “View / modify my bookings” section,
on Air France’s mobile websites,
by calling the toll-free number 0800 240 260 (accessible from France and the French Overseas Departments) or by calling +33 1 57 02 10 58 (from abroad),
via Twitter with @AirfranceFR or on Facebook.com/airfrance,
Reminder of Air France traffic forecast
Air France expects to operate 48% of its flights on Monday 15 September 2014.
60% of pilots plan to strike on this first day of strike action.
7,000 Air France employees will be doing all they can to assist customers.
There may be disruption and delays.

Rupee Hits One-month Low of 61.14/DollarThe rupee fells to as much as 61.14, the lowest since August 14. It was last trading at 61.04 versus Friday's close of 60.65/66.
Rupee fall tracks weaker emerging Asian currencies.
Data on Saturday showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years. Traders cited sustained dollar buying from foreign banks.
USD/INR had pared some gains after RBI Governor Dr Rajan comments. Dr Rajan said India's macroeconomic indicators are improving and inflation has been coming down.
CPI data on Friday, WPI data on Monday have limited the impact.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Reveal source of documents against CBI director: SC to Prashant BhushanCBI
(The director questioned…)
NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court today directed advocate Prashant Bhushan, who has levelled allegations against CBI Director Ranjit Sinha of protecting accused in the 2G case, to reveal the name of the whistleblower from whom he got CBI documents and guest list at the top cop's residence.
A bench headed by Justice H L Dattu asked Bhushan to name the whistleblower in the sealed envelope on the next date of hearing and said that it will go into the merits of allegations after knowing the source of information, as it may have ramification on the reputation of the director and also affect the ongoing trial in the 2G scam.
It said that the affidavit filed by Bhushan is not in consonance with the Supreme Court rules and asked him to reveal the source from whom he got all the documents.
The director questioned the very existence of the diary before the apex court and said that 90 per cent of the entries were fudged though some entries may be genuine.
Advocate Vikash Singh, appearing for the top cop, submitted that somebody else is controlling the proceedings in the case and raised questions on how a media group published a story in advance that Bhushan will be depositing the original guest list before the apex court.
He alleged that a corporate house is working behind all these controversies and it is intended to benefit the accused in the 2G scam.
The bench also wanted to know the stand of CBI in the controversy but the senior advocate K K Venugopal, appearing for the agency, refused to get into it, saying that it is a matter between advocate Prashant Bhushan and the director.
It then directed its registry to keep all documents and affidavits filed by the CBI director in a sealed cover and deposit them with the Secretary General for safe custody .
The apex court posted the matter for further hearing on September 22.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Hero MotoCorp plans to invest Rs 1600 cr in ...Hero MotoCorp plans to invest Rs 1600 crore in new plant
By Reuters | 15 Sep, 2014, 03.03PM IST
0
Share More
The company plans to set up a plant in the western state of Gujarat, where construction is expected to begin soon, the company's annual report showed.
()
ET Special: All you want to know about Apple iPhone 6
NEW DELHI: Hero MotoCorp Ltd , the country's top maker of motorcycles and scooters, plans to invest Rs 1600 crore ($262 million) to set up a new manufacturing plant in southern India, a source directly involved in the matter said.
Hero has signed a preliminary agreement with the Andhra Pradesh state government to set up the plant, to be spread across 600 acres, which can produce upto 1.8 million vehicles annually, the source said.
Hero, which has three operational plants and one under construction across India, did not have an immediate comment.
The company also plans to set up a plant in the western state of Gujarat, where construction is expected to begin soon, the company's annual report showed.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

has warned that the euro areaOECD Home  ›  Newsroom  › Global growth continuing at a moderate pace, OECD says
Newsroom
Global growth continuing at a moderate pace, OECD says
 
15/09/14 - A moderate expansion is underway in most major advanced and emerging economies, but growth remains weak in the euro area, which runs the risk of prolonged stagnation if further steps are not taken to boost demand, according to the OECD’s latest  Interim Economic Assessment . 
Watch the webcast of the press conference 
 
While the global recovery continues at a moderate rate, the outlook is uneven across regions. Growth will be strong enough to push unemployment down further in the United States, the United Kingdom and Canada. In Japan, where unemployment has already declined to low levels, the economy will grow broadly in line with its potential. China is expected to continue an orderly adjustment to still high but more sustainable growth rates. Growth in India is projected to pick up and Brazil will experience a modest rebound from recession. 
 
Presenting the Interim Economic Assessment in Paris, OECD Deputy Secretary-General and Acting Chief Economist Rintaro Tamaki said: “The global economy is expanding unevenly, and at only a moderate rate. Trade growth therefore remains sluggish and labour market conditions in the main advanced economies are improving only gradually, with far too many people still unable to find good jobs worldwide. The continued failure to generate strong, balanced and inclusive growth underlines the urgency of undertaking ambitious reforms.”
 
The OECD projects that the US will grow by 2.1 per cent this year and by 3.1 per cent in 2015, while the UK is projected to grow at 3.1 per cent in 2014 and 2.8 per cent in 2015. Canadian growth is projected at 2.3 per cent this year and 2.7 per cent in 2015. 
 
 Rintaro Tamaki, Deputy Secretary- General of the OECD. Photo: OECD/Michael Dean
Under the continuing influence of monetary stimulation, Japan is projected to grow by 0.9 percent in 2014 and 1.1 percent in 2015.
The euro area is projected to grow at a 0.8 percent rate in 2014 and a 1.1 percent pace in 2015.  Growth prospects differ widely among the major euro area economies. Germany is forecast to grow by 1.5 per cent in both 2014 and 2015, France by 0.4 per cent in 2014 and 1 per cent in 2015, while Italy will see a -0.4 per cent drop in 2014 and a gain of just 0.1 per cent in 2015. 
Given the low-growth outlook and the risk that demand could be further sapped if inflation remains near zero,or even turns negative, the OECD recommends more monetary support for the euro area. Recent actions by the European Central Bank are welcome, but further measures, including quantitative easing, are warranted. Given the weakness of demand, European countries should also use the full degree of flexibility available within the EU’s fiscal rules.
 
While emerging economies as a group will continue to grow much faster than the advanced economies, the forecasts are similarly uneven across countries. China is expected to grow by 7.4 per cent in 2014 and 7.3 per cent in 2015. India will grow by 5.7 per cent in 2014 and 5.9 per cent in 2015. Brazil will grow by only 0.3 per cent this year, having fallen into recession in the first half of the year, and 1.4 per cent next.
 
With countries facing such diverging outlooks, macroeconomic policy needs are becoming increasingly diverse. “The euro area needs more vigorous monetary stimulus, while the US and the UK are rightly winding down their unconventional monetary easing,” Mr Tamaki said. “Japan still needs more quantitative easing to secure a lasting break with deflation, but must make more progress on fiscal consolidation than most other countries.”
 
Media queries should be directed to the OECD Media Office (+33 1 45 24 97 00 or news.contact@oecd.org )
For more information visit:  www.oecd.org/eco/economicoutlook.htm
 

BJP-Sena ties in trouble  Uddhav rejects BJP s demand for 135 seatsPress Trust of India |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 03:10 PM IST
BJP-Sena ties in trouble, Uddhav rejects BJP's demand for 135 seats
But says talks are still on, while hinting that option of going alone is always there
Further hardening his stand on seat-sharing with BJP, Shiv Sena president Uddhav Thackeray today said he had rejected the saffron ally's demand for contesting 135 seats in Maharashtra assembly polls and hinted at going it alone, saying "everything has an alternative".
He, however, clarified that talks are still on to clinch a seat-sharing formula.
"They (BJP) offered a proposal under which they wanted to contest 135 seats and I have rejected it," Uddhav, who had on Saturday asserted the next Chief Minister would be from "Shiv Sena only" if the saffron alliance came to power, told reporters.
Reflecting the growing tensions between the two oldest allies in the Centre's ruling NDA, he said, "Everything has an alternative. I have conveyed it to BJP that I can't go beyond a point (over the number of seats to contest)."
He was asked whether Shiv Sena had kept open the option of contesting the polls alone.
Senior BJP leader and spokesman Rajiv Pratap Rudy had yesterday said his party had proposed that after allotting seats to smaller allies like RPI(A) and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana of Raju Shetty, the two major constituents of 'Mahayuti' (grand alliance) should contest an equal number of 135 seats.
Shiv Sena and BJP had contested 169 and 119 seats respectively in the 2009 assembly election.
Uddhav also said since "talks are still on and till the decision on alliance is reached, I will not say anything negative".
"I have nothing to say on BJP spokesman Madhav Bhandari's comment that the talks are stalled and BJP is comtemplating going alone. It is surprising that those who are not involved in the talks are saying discussions are not happening," he said.
Top Stories

Financial inclusion will herald cash less economy: Raghuram RajanSI Reporter |  Mumbai Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 02:57 PM IST
Financial inclusion will herald cash less economy: Raghuram Rajan
RBI has introduced two-factor authentication for credit cards to ensure safety in payments
RBI has decidedly moved in favour of reducing the size of cash economy in India, according to governor Raghuram Rajan who termed   the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (JDY), the biggest recent development in this direction. On its part RBI has introduced two-factor authentication for credit cards to ensure safety in card payments and to promote the use of plastic money.
While explaining the benefits of universal financial access through JDY which includes increased financial access and empowerment of the masses through Direct Benefits Transfer (DBT), Mr Rajan spoke about the boost this scheme will provide to the domestic card network  Rupay, being run by National Payment Corp of India (NPCI). It is expected that by next year the number of users with Rupay will quadruple as under the JDY scheme new account holders will automatically get a Rupay card.
However, for financial inclusion to lead towards cash less economy financial literacy is imperative. Mr Rajan stressed on the need to ensure that JDY is saved from turning into mere camps handing out material. “Closer engagement on inculcating savings, investment, and security habits, and even basic business sense is needed,” he said.
Mr Rajan also spoke about the expenses involved in withdrawing funds from ATMs of banks where a particular customer does not have an account and why such practices need to be curbed. According to Mr Rajan it costs banks about Rs 75 per transaction when a customer uses other bank ATMs. “Ultimately, those who transact more are subsidized by those who transact less,” he said.
Top Stories

Lucy Kellaway skewers McKinsey© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/9dbce952-38d7-11e4-9526-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

written a long piece about the futureSeptember 2014—A unique gathering of strategists from academia, leading companies, and McKinsey debates the state of the discipline, with an emphasis on opportunities for innovation in a changing world. more
article | McKinsey Quarterly
September 2014—Gender equality at the top of business has stalled, and trust in business is alarmingly low. Putting more women in charge could well be the key to a better future for business and society alike. more
article | McKinsey Quarterly
September 2014—In 2010, eBay embarked on a journey to bring more women into its top ranks. It found that commitment, measurement, and culture outweigh a business case and HR policies. more
article | McKinsey Quarterly
September 2014—The collision of technological disruption, rapid emerging-markets growth, and widespread aging is upending long-held assumptions that underpin strategy setting, decision making, and management. more
Brilliant machines

Free Diesel Prices at the Earliest: RBI GovernorExperts Support RBI's Decision to Keep Rates Steady
Mumbai: The government must take advantage of the lowest oil prices in a year to deregulate diesel, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Monday.
Brent crude, a benchmark for Asian and Indian buyers, has fallen 14 per cent since June to $96.38 per barrel. This together with monthly price increases of up to 50 paise a litre has trimmed losses on the nation's most consumed fuel to 8 paise per litre.
"Lower crude oil prices are helping consuming countries like us. Typically a lower oil price means a lower CAD (current account deficit), lower oil subsidies and lower inflation. We need to seize this moment to eliminate diesel subsidies completely. We should take this moment to eliminate diesel subsidies as soon as possible," Mr Rajan told a banking summit in Mumbai.
The next revision in diesel prices is due this month-end and going by the present trend the under-recovery or the difference between the imported cost and the retailing selling price, will be wiped out with a minimal hike.
Even after the under-recovery is wiped out, the Cabinet has to approve de-regulation or freeing of diesel prices. This will empower the oil companies to change rates in tandem with cost like they do in case of petrol since June 2012.
"We can of course wait but the moment will leave us and we may be back to subsidising," he said.
The NDA government has continued with the previous UPA regime's policy of raising diesel rates by up to 50 paise a litre every month to bridge the gap between cost and retail prices.
Originally, petrol and diesel prices were deregulated in April 2002 when NDA government was in power. Administered pricing regime, however, made a back-door entry towards the end of NDA regime in the first quarter of 2004 when crude prices started inching up.
Congress-led UPA controlled rates as international oil prices went through the roof. In June 2010, however, it freed petrol price from its control and rates have since them moved more or less in tandem with cost.
In January 2013, the UPA decided to deregulate diesel prices in stages through monthly 50 paise a litre increases. Rates were last raised on August 31 after which losses have dipped.
The prices have cumulatively risen by Rs 11.81 per litre in 19 instalments since January 2013.
Oil Ministry officials said once the under-recovery is eliminated, a proposal would be put to the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs for deregulation of diesel prices as was done for petrol.
Deregulation would empower state-owned oil firms to change rates in tandem with cost like they do for petrol.
Mr Rajan admitted that there are significant geopolitical risks with Ukraine and the Middle East in turmoil leading analysts to worry that the current low oil prices may be a temporary phenomenon.
Last year, India imported more than 118 million tonnes of crude worth $144 billion, making it the largest contributor to a historic high current account deficit which had shot up to over 6 per cent in the middle of last fiscal year forcing the government to unleash some unconventional measures like curbs on gold imports.
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 15:30 (IST)

Gold  Silver Rebound on Global CuesYou are here: Home Market
Gold, Silver Rebound on Global Cues
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 15, 2014 15:46 (IST)
New Delhi: Snapping its three-day losing streak, gold staged a comeback to close higher by Rs 80 to Rs 27,450 per ten gram in the national capital today amid a firming trend overseas.
Besides, buying at prevailing levels by jewellers also supported the upside.
Silver followed suit and recovered by Rs 250 to Rs 41,500 per kg on increased offtake by industrial units and coin makers.
Traders said sentiments turned better after gold recovered from an eight-month low in global markets on speculation that reduced prices may spur purchases before the Federal Reserve begins a two-day policy meeting.
Gold in Singapore, which normally sets price trend on the domestic front, rose by 0.4 per cent to $1,235.07 an ounce and silver traded a shade higher at $18.64 an ounce.
In Delhi, gold of 99.9 and 99.5 per cent purity was up by Rs 80 each to Rs 27,450 and Rs 27,250 per ten gram, respectively. It had lost Rs 430 in the previous three sessions.
Sovereign, however, held steady at Rs 24,400 per piece of eight gram in limited deals.
In a similar fashion, silver ready recovered by Rs 250 to Rs 41,500 per kg and weekly based delivery by Rs 150 to Rs 41,450 per kg, after losing Rs 920 in last three days.
On the other hand, silver coins continued to be enquired at last level of Rs 71,000 for buying and Rs 72,000 for selling of 100 pieces.
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 15:44 (IST)

Food inflation remains flat at 9.4 %Food inflation remains flat at 9.4 %
Inflation eases to nearly 5-yr low of 3.74 pct in August as food prices fallNew iPad expected to be launched at October 16 Apple Inc event
iPad is expected to have a 9.7 inch screen, while new version of iPad mini will have a 7.9 inch scre...

Gilead licenses hepatitis C drug to Cipla  R...You are here: Home > Collections
Gilead licenses hepatitis C drug to Cipla, Ranbaxy, 5 others
Reuters Sep 15, 2014, 03.57PM IST
Tags:
Cadila Healthcare
NEW DELHI/MUMBAI: US drugmaker Gilead Sciences Inc said on Monday it has licensed its hepatitis C drug to seven companies including Cipla Ltd and Ranbaxy Laboratories Ltd to make it available in 91 developing countries including India.
Cadila Healthcare , Mylan Laboratories Ltd , Sequent Scientific Ltd , Strides Arcolab Ltd and Hetero Drugs Ltd are the others who will now be able to make and sell the Sovaldi generic, the company said in a statement.
The companies will be allowed to set their own prices for the generic drug, and will pay a royalty on their earned sales to Gilead, it said.
Gilead's Sovaldi, chemically sofosbuvir, is hailed as a breakthrough in treating hepatitis C, but the company has come under fire over its product's $1,000-per-pill price tag in the United States.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Diesel subsidies should be eliminated immediately: RajanDiesel subsidies should be eliminated immediately: Rajan
Midhani has new Director (Finance) in Govind RajHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Midhani has new Director (Finance) in Govind Raj
Our Bureau
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 15:  
Bindi Ganavale Govind Raj has taken charge as Director (Finance) of Mishra Dhatu Nigam Limited (MIDHANI), under the Ministry of Defence with effect from September 1.
He was General Manager (Commercial & Business Development) prior to being appointed as Director (Finance). A graduate with MBA from Osmania University, he joined Midhani in 1977 as Assistant Accounts Officer and rose to the present position.
Raj was responsible for the management of major contracts and equipment procured for the revamping, modernization and expansion programme of the company. He was Member Secretary, Society of Defence Technologists during 2010 to 2013.
Prior to joining Midhani, he worked as management trainee in HAL.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

OECD slashes U.S.  world growth forecastsOECD slashes growth forecasts, urges aggressive ECB action
Gurria Secretary-General of OECD attends session of World Economic Forum in Davos
Ruben Sprich Reuters,
Weather Reports Finance Inflation and Deflation European Central Bank Financial Markets
PARIS (Reuters) - The OECD slashed its growth forecasts for major developed economies on Monday, urging much more aggressive ECB stimulus to ward off the risk of deflation in a subdued euro zone.
The call adds to growing pressure on the euro zone, and the European Central Bank in particular, to boost growth ahead of a meeting of finance ministers and central bankers from the Group of 20 economic powers later this week in Australia.
Updating its growth forecasts for major developed economies, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development projected growth in the euro zone at only 0.8 percent this year and rising only slightly next year to 1.1 percent.
That marked a sizeable downgrade from its May Economic Outlook for the euro zone, when the Paris-based organization forecast growth of 1.2 percent in 2014 and 1.7 percent in 2015.
In comparison, the OECD saw the United States' economy growing 2.1 percent this year before accelerating to 3.1 percent in 2015. In May the OECD forecast U.S. growth of 2.6 percent this year and 3.5 percent next year.
0
The United States is set to push European countries at the G20 meeting to step up measures to boost demand and economic growth in the face of the risk of deflation, according to a senior official at the U.S. Treasury on Friday.
OECD acting chief economist Rintaro Tamaki said financial markets had largely ignored mounting geopolitical risks to the global economy and the euro zone's worsening outlook.
"This highlights the possibility that risk is being mispriced again and the attendant danger of sudden corrections in the financial markets," Tamaki told journalists.
QUANTITATIVE EASING?
The OECD said that though euro zone inflation, at a five-year low in August of 0.4 percent, should strengthen as demand recovers, low levels close to zero raised the risk of deflation.
Citing the example of Japan in the 1990s, Tamaki warned that financial market inflation expectations, closely watched by the ECB, were a poor judge of future inflation trends when it sets monetary policy.
"Recent ECB action is welcome but further measures, including QE (quantitative easing), are warranted," Tamaki said. "The perception that policy action is always too little too late needs to be changed."
The ECB recently cut the cost of borrowing to near zero and pledged to buy repackaged debt in an effort to encourage lending to credit-starved companies.
However, so far it has shied away from the kind of quantitative easing carried out by counterparts in the United States and Japan, consisting of a huge campaign of buying government and other bonds to lower the cost of borrowing.
Separately, credit ratings agency Standard & Poor's said in a report on Monday it expected the ECB to launch a fully-fledged quantitative easing program targeting private-sector bonds.
"In our view, the vulnerability of the recovery in the eurozone, the elevated risks of a triple dip, and the threat of negative inflation would justify the recourse to additional non-conventional measures," S&P said.
Outside of the euro zone, the OECD saw the strongest growth among major developed countries coming from Britain, forecasting 3.1 percent for this year and 2.8 percent for next year. In May it had forecast growth of 3.2 percent in 2014 and 2.7 percent for 2015.
Asked about the prospect of Scotland opting in a referendum to leave the United Kingdom, OECD secretary general Angel Gurria said: "We would like to see the United Kingdom remaining together. We think that it would be best for all its component parts."
Turning to Japan, the OECD forecast growth of 0.9 percent this year and 1.1 percent next year as the economy recovers after a sales tax hike in April muted consumer demand in the first half. The OECD trimmed its estimates from May for growth this year of 1.2 percent and 1.3 percent in 2015.
Outside of the OECD member countries, the group saw growth roughly stable in China at 7.4 percent this year and 7.3 percent in 2015, both unchanged from its estimates in May.
(Editing by Ingrid Melander)

Kaya Skin Clinic ties up with eBay to sell products onlineHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Kaya Skin Clinic ties up with eBay to sell products online
Our Bureau
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
Marico-promoted Kaya Skin Clinic has tied up with eBay to sell its 50-odd skincare and haircare products.
Kaya’s products are custom-developed by its dermatologists with a range of formulations. Kaya also recently launched its own e-commerce portal (shop.kayaclinic.com), while forging strategic tie-ups with other leading e-commerce giants such as Flipkart, Jabong and Snapdeal.
While services account for 80 per cent of its revenue, products account for the balance. The company said 7-8 per cent of its sales comes from e-commerce portals.
Arvind R P, Vice-President & Head Marketing & Product Retail, Kaya Skin Clinic said in a statement, “We already have a wide e-commerce presence and with this new partnership we aim to strengthen this further, making our products, researched and developed by our dermatologists, more accessible to our customers. This will ensure our presence even in cities where we don’t have a brick & mortar presence”.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

ICRA raises red flag over United Spirits outstandingsBS Reporter |  Bangalore Sep 15, 2014
Last Updated at 04:36 PM IST
ICRA raises red flag over United Spirits outstandings
Puts loan facilites under "Watch With Developing Implications"
ICRA, among the top credit rating agencies, has raised the red flag over United Spirits' state of affairs over huge net loss as well as heavy provisions, and has put the various loan facilites of USL under "Watch with developing implications" tag.
According to a statement from ICRA, it has placed the outstanding term loan of Rs 320 crore, fixed deposits of Rs 400 crore, fund-based facilities of Rs 2,100 crore and non-fund based facilities of Rs 400 crore under this "watch with developing implication tag".
The rating action follows the recent announcement of USL's financial results for 2013-14 and the qualified opinion issued by the Company's statutory auditors in relation to the financial statements of the Company.
"During 2013-14, the Company reported substantial net losses (to the extent of Rs.4,488.8 crore on consolidated basis) owing to large one-time provisioning / write-offs towards
doubtful advances, diminution in the value of investments and intra-USL group loans. Further, presence of a possible "wilful defaulter" on the Company's Board may impact the Company's financial flexibility," ICRA said in a statement.
ICRA will continue to monitor the developments in these regards and evaluate the impact of the same on the credit profile of USL as and when further details are available.
Top Stories

Google unveils low-cost Android One phones from Rs 6 399Hi Guest
Google unveils low-cost Android One phones from Rs 6,399
Tech giant Google on Monday launched its much-awaited Android One smartphones, priced at Rs 6,399 onwards, in India in partnership with domestic handset makers Micromax, Karbonn and Spice, a move that will further fuel the fiercely competitive multi-billion dollar market. India is the first country where the US-based firm's Android One devices are being launched. Roll out across other markets like Indonesia, Philippines, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka will follow in the coming ...

Archies soars on revamping its e-commerce platform  ties with various e-retailersArchies soars on revamping its e-commerce platform  ties with various e-retailers
Ma stresses Alibabas global pushSeptember 15, 2014 12:02 pm
Jack Ma stresses Alibaba’s global ambitions
By Josh Noble in Hong Kong
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/d03fd9b0-3cc0-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Free diesel prices at the earliest  RBI Guv Raghuram Rajan tellsCentreLower crude oil prices are helping consuming countries like us, says Raghuram Rajan.
PTI | Mumbai | Posted: September 15, 2014 4:57 pm
The government must take advantage of the lowest oil prices in a year to deregulate diesel, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said today.
Brent crude, a benchmark for Asian and Indian buyers, has fallen 14 per cent since June to USD 96.38 per barrel. This together with monthly price increases of up to 50 paisa a litre has trimmed losses on the nation’s most consumed fuel to just 8 paisa per litre.
“Lower crude oil prices are helping consuming countries like us. Typically a lower oil price means a lower CAD, lower oil subsidies and lower inflation. We need to seize this moment to eliminate diesel subsidies completely. We should take this moment to eliminate diesel subsidies as soon as possible,” Rajan told a banking summit here.
The next revision in diesel prices is due this month-end and going by the present trend the under-recovery or the difference between the imported cost and the retailing selling price, will be wiped out with a minimal hike.
Even after the under-recovery is wiped out, the Cabinet has to approve de-regulation or freeing of diesel prices. This will empower the oil companies to change rates in tandem with cost like they do in case of petrol since June 2012.
“We can of course wait but the moment will leave us and we may be back to subsidising,” he said.
The NDA government has continued with the previous UPA regime’s policy of raising diesel rates by up to 50 paise a litre every month to bridge the gap between cost and retail prices.
Originally, petrol and diesel prices were deregulated in April 2002 when NDA government was in power. Administered pricing regime, however, made a back-door entry towards the end of NDA regime in the first quarter of 2004 when crude prices started inching up.
Congress-led UPA controlled rates as international oil prices went through the roof. In June 2010, however, it freed petrol price from its control and rates have since them moved more or less in tandem with cost.
In January 2013, the UPA decided to deregulate diesel prices in stages through monthly 50 paise a litre increases. Rates were last raised on August 31 after which losses have dipped.
Rates have cumulatively risen by Rs 11.81 per litre in 19 instalments since January 2013.
Oil Ministry officials said once the under-recovery is eliminated, a proposal would be put to the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs for deregulation of diesel prices as was done for petrol.
Deregulation would empower state-owned oil firms to change rates in tandem with cost like they do for petrol.
Rajan admitted that there are significant geopolitical risks with Ukraine and the Middle East in turmoil leading analysts to worry that the current low oil prices may be a temporary phenomenon.
Last year, India imported more than 118 million tonnes of crude worth USD continued…
Related

Notification for plying of e-rickshaws soon: NitinGadkariPrint
The Delhi High Court on September 9 has said that ban on e-rickshaws in the capital will continue as they are illegal as per existing laws and had rejected Centre's plea to allow them to ply till rules are framed to regulate them. (Source: PTI)
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 4:52 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 4:57 pm
A final notification will be issued after ten days to allow e-rickshaws which have been banned from plying on the roads here by the Delhi High Court over safety issues , the government said on Monday.
“A notification pertaining to e-rickshaw has been issued. We will put it on website and seek peoples opinion on it in the next ten days and will solve the problem immediately thereafter. We will issue (final) notification for plying of e-rickshaws after 10 days,” Road Transport and Highways Minister Nitin Gadkari said.
The court had on July 31 banned plying of e-rickshaws on the roads of the national capital saying “prima facie they are a hazard to other traffic as well as citizens”.
Gadkari said the safety and other concerns raised over plying of e-rickshaws have been taken care of and necessary steps were on to bring their plying lawful with necessary modifications in rules and law.
He said he was pained that thousands of poor people were deprived of their livelihood due to ban on e-rickshaw but now the issue will be solved.
In reply to a query, Gadkari said, “I have nothing to do with the politics involving it.”
The Delhi High Court on September 9 has said that ban on e-rickshaws in the capital will continue as they are illegal as per existing laws and had rejected Centre’s plea to allow them to ply till rules are framed to regulate them.
A High Court bench had left it to Parliament and the Centre to decide what legislative changes need to be introduced to regulate the plying of e-rickshaws.
Seeking lifting of the ban, the Ministry of Transport and the association had pleaded that till the plying of erickshaws is made lawful by Parliament and Central Government, the court may permit their operation on the basis of temporary guidelines framed by the Centre.
It had said that lifting the ban would mitigate hardship caused to thousands of people who operate these vehicles and their families as well as to lakhs of citizens of the city who depend on erickshaws for last mile connectivity.
We will put notification on website and seek peoples opinion on it in the next ten days and will solve the problem immediately thereafter.
Related

HSBC sees higher India growth in coming quar...You are here: Home > Collections > Hsbc
HSBC sees higher India growth, lower inflation in coming quarters
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 05.05PM IST
Tags:
Budget deficit
(India's economic growth…)
NEW DELHI: Supported by better investor sentiment, India's GDP growth rate is expected to strengthen further, while inflation is likely to ease in the coming quarters due to base effects, says an HSBC report.
Improved investor sentiment is expected to drive the economy forward in the coming quarters. In order to support the recovery process, the new government, however, would need to pick up the pace of reforms, the global financial services major said.
"Looking ahead, growth is likely to strengthen, supported by better sentiment, whereas inflation will ease notably due to base effects," HSBC said in a research note today.
India's economic growth accelerated to 5.7 per cent in April-June quarter, much better than 4.7 per cent in the same quarter of previous fiscal.
Government expects growth in current fiscal to be between 5.4-5.9 per cent. The economy grew by sub-5 per cent in 2012-13 and 2013-14.
On growth, the report further noted that some of the factors that can impact growth revival momentum are -- poor start to monsoons, high corporate leverage and fiscal compression needed to achieve the budget deficit target.
"To support the recovery, the new government will need to pick up the pace of reforms and quickly address supply side issues in the economy," HSBC said.
Notwithstanding the improved prospects for inflation, the RBI is likely to keep the policy rate unchanged in the near term, in order to contain CPI to under 6 per cent by January 2016.
CPI inflation moderated to 7.8 per cent year-on-year in August (as against 8.0 per cent year-on-year in July). The wholesale inflation also fell to a nearly five year low of 3.74 per cent in August.
The report further noted that meeting the CPI target of 6 per cent by 2016 would prove "challenging" since stronger growth can lift price pressures next year.
In order to meet this target (CPI target of 6 per cent by 2016) the Central Bank would probably choose to leave policy rates at the current "elevated" level, HSBC said.
"From the RBI's perspective, it will have to retain its tight monetary policy stance to ensure sustained disinflation next year, when growth gains momentum," it said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s D-Street vs China s; top 5 stocks which can return upto 36%Here's why CLSA is overweight on India; top five stocks to bet on
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 04.54PM IST
Tags:
CLSA
(Chris Wood further added…)
NEW DELHI: India has been one of my favourite markets in Asia and remains so most particularly since the national elections 2014, said CLSA's Chief Strategist Chris Wood in an interview with ET Now.
"I am viewing India as a five-year story given the fact that Modi has been elected for five years," said Wood. In fact, he has allocated 41 per cent of his long only portfolio to India.
"We are coming close to the end of the QE tapering in the US. So, the nearer we come to the end of tapering, the bigger is the risk of a stock market correction. Even if there is going to be any trouble in the financial markets, it is going to be caused by rising credit spreads. If credit spreads do not rise, there would not be a problem," added Wood.
Chris Wood further said that he is viewing India as a five-year story given the fact that Modi has been elected for five years. "Modi is the most pro-business, pro-investment political leader in the world today. So in all likelihood he would get the investment cycle going again," he said.
The Modi administration is committed to lowering the fiscal deficit by 160 bps by FY17. The effect of his initiatives taken will become more visible from 2HFY15.
The early signs of the economic bottoming out are already in sight, which is good news for domestic recovery plays. CLSA is overweight on banks, autos and public sector undertaking companies.
In a recent report released last week, titled 'Bits & Pieces', CLSA said that the renewed investment cycle should significantly favour infrastructure asset owners and contractors such as Larsen & Toubro. Corporate lenders such as ICICI Bank and SBI should also benefit.
Among building material companies, they prefer Grasim. Ensuing job creation will be positive for discretionary consumption plays such as Bharti Airtel. State-owned oil companies will appreciate subsidy cuts and their favourite pick is ONGC.
The China Angle:
The size of the Indian equity market has surpassed both Australia and South Korea, making it the third largest ex-Japan market in Asia, behind China and Hong Kong, stated the report.
On most time-frames within the past 5 years, India's (the tiger) market has smashed China's (the dragon) China Enterprise index in local currency terms.
But due to the appreciation of the RMB and the INR's depreciation in USD terms, China has actually outperformed India over the past 3 years.
According to Chris Wood, the bad news is that China is cyclically slow, probably because the markets are correcting. But the good news is the government seems serious about reforms, which is a long-term positive.
If the anti-corruption campaign continues, that will be a short-term negative for growth, but that is again a long-term positive, he added.
A report authored by Francis Cheung of CLSA said that "we expected the market (China) rally to fade away by 3Q, but economy is weakening faster than expected. The government stimulus is having less of an impact which is highlighted by diminishing returns."
It will be difficult for China to meet this year's 7.5 per cent growth target, but another stimulus is unlikely for this year, added Cheung.
Although the market has rallied with government stimulus despite lacklustre results and slowing growth, but with weaker PMIs and continuing property correction, we are cautious on the market, added Cheung.
(The above article is compiled with inputs from a CLSA report, titled 'Bits & Pieces', released last week)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Armed forces deserve salutes not stones in Kashmir: BJPflood
The party expressed its disappointment over incidents of stone pelting on armed forces in Kashmir Valley
Expressing disappointment over incidents of stone pelting on armed forces in Kashmir Valley, BJP on Monday said those men from Army, the Air Force and security agencies, who are tirelessly working to rescue flood victims, deserve to be felicitated instead of being attacked with stones.
“We condemn the repeated incidents of stone pelting on the men of Indian army and other forces, who have come to the post-floods rescue of the people in Kashmir in particular,” BJP state spokesperson Balbir Ram Rattan told reporters here.
He said it is “unfortunate and disappointing” that some anti-social elements at the behest of separatists are attacking these armed forces men, who have come as “messiah” in the hour of grief and sorrow.
The army and security personnel have been working round-the-clock during the last few days to reach out to the people who are stranded across the flood-hit Valley, he said.
“A force which discharges multiple duties without caring for its own safety should never be insulted by throwing stones, rather it should be applauded and saluted,” Mr. Rattan said and expressed hope that anti-social elements will also join hands with defence forces in rescue operations.
The BJP leader also appreciated prompt action taken by the Narendra Modi government in providing relief and rescue and said PMO is keeping a vigil on the flood-hit state.
“Whatever is being done by the Union Government is its commitment to stand by the people of the state, who perhaps have lost hopes from the state’s NC-Congress coalition government,” he added.

PC Jeweller: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 15, 2014, 05.04 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
PC Jeweller: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
PC Jeweller has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 9th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
PC Jeweller: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
PC Jeweller has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 9th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A.
Post your opinion here
 
PC Jeweller Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 9th Annual General Meeting of the Company held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Saraswati Commercial India: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Sep 15, 2014, 05.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Saraswati Commercial India: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Saraswati Commercial India has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 31st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A, along with Scrutinizer's Report.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Saraswati Commercial India: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
Saraswati Commercial India has informed regarding the details of Voting results at the 31st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A, along with Scrutinizer's Report.
Post your opinion here
 
Saraswati Commercial India Ltd has informed BSE regarding the details of Voting results at the 31st Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company held on September 13, 2014, under Clause 35A, along with Scrutinizer's Report.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Oswal Overseas: Board meeting on Sept 22  2014Sep 15, 2014, 05.01 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Oswal Overseas: Board meeting on Sept 22, 2014
Oswal Overseas has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 22, 2014, to transact the following:- To issue preferential shares.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Oswal Overseas: Board meeting on Sept 22, 2014
Oswal Overseas has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 22, 2014, to transact the following:- To issue preferential shares.
Post your opinion here
 
Oswal Overseas Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 22, 2014, inter alia, to transact the following:- To issue preferential shares.Source : BSE

Fortis Healthcare rallies ~12% on sale o...This is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

MFs equity folios rise to 2.94 trillion ...This is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Hero Motocorp plans to invest Rs 1600 cr...This is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Market valuation of BSE listed cos at $1...This is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Dabur declares dividend of Rs 1.25 per s...This is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

How to save money when there is a cash c...This is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Did you know! 56% of Indians book their ...This is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Ensuring real food security for the poorThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

The merits of going nuclear with ChinaThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

NCP plan to whip up anti-Brahmin sentiments may failThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Rich west  poor eastThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

Satyam case: All accused asked to appear in court on 27 OctoberThis is the default web page for this server.
The web server software is running but no content has been added, yet.

How Other Fitness Wearables Can Fight Off the Apple Watch JuggernautPeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

Redesigning Educationreddit
I was never very interested in school as a kid. I usually got good grades, not great. I did everything I needed to do, but no more than what I had to. For me, excitement came with afterschool jobs like selling peanuts at Shea Stadium. I learned that there is a direct correlation between how hard you work and your likelihood of being successful (however you define it).
As I reflect back on my journey, I always had a sense of where I wanted to go, but wasn't on what it would look like upon arrival or the path that I would take. I usually found myself on the road least traveled headed somewhere few had been.
I often took risks without understanding the possible consequences. As a young entrepreneur I learned out of necessity that the best solutions are not necessarily the most expensive -- but in fact, usually the most creative.
I had no grand plan. I realized quickly that the only thing reliable in this business, was change and to succeed I would need to build a culture that wasn't stifled, but in fact invigorated by it.
In the early 80s, I was confounded by an unsettling reality. All around us, people were contracting a strange virus that was infecting and killing young men at an alarming rate. People I knew. What made it even worse was that few were speaking out about AIDS because of the devastating stigma related to the disease. So, I did (without consulting case studies, focus groups or stakeholders). I partnered with amfAR and launched a campaign featuring the most beautiful and recognizable women in the world with children -- those least associated to stigma of the deadly disease. None of my products were showcased, and the models were all barefoot. The copy said "For the future of our children ... Support the American Foundation for AIDS Research." This was my first public service initiative. It changed everything for me and refocused my business priorities.
It was exhilarating to realize my business could serve as a platform for social change. I realized the power of addressing not just what our customers "stood in" but what they "stood for" would provide a much more meaningful and substantive relationship. Doing "good" was never part of business plan when I started -- but it was inherent from the get-go and is at the core of our DNA.
Today, 32 years later, now Chairman of amfAR, HIV/AIDS remains one of our main social causes, along with homelessness which started with the first shoe drive over 20 years ago and has raised more than 2 million pairs of shoes to date. While addressing hot button issues such as a women's right to choose and gun safety received backlash through the years, for the most part it helped create a real and meaningful connection with our customers and our communities and have made it our mission to "Look Good, For Good."
Inspired by the idea of mentoring future change agents, I established community engagement fellowship programs at a few of the top universities. I wanted to help inspire young people at this pivotal time in their lives, before they start to put up walls and say "why" vs. "why not." I wanted to help them see that they could "make a difference" while making money to pay the rent. That doing "good" can be a viable career path.
Recently, I was with a group of these fellows, and one them asked me how I felt about four year liberal arts colleges and the amount of money, time and effort that students put into them. I wasn't sure how to answer that question. This particular program was at Columbia University, one of the best universities in the world. So, obviously I have great respect for these establishments and value a higher education. But, honestly, I wasn't too sure that they were the be-all and end-all I once considered them to be. It used to be that college educations (particularly ivy league) were very proprietary and available to only the most elite among us. And, if you graduated from an esteemed university your path to a good job and fruitful career was set. But, that's not necessarily true anymore. It's very different today. With the advent of the internet and ability to gather, create and curate content, so many more people can gain access to a top quality education. Through organizations like iTunes University, TED/TEDx you can get free front row access to some of the world's greatest educators and thought leaders. You can now get credible degrees online without ever stepping foot on a college campus.
And, there is so much more offered on campuses today beyond the core curriculum. Extracurricular social entrepreneur programs, run by students for students, provide a network of like-minded "out-of-the-box" thinkers and visionaries. They inspire and mentor each other to look to the future vs. study from the past. This wasn't available when I was in school. Had it been -- I think my experience would have been totally different. Programs like Clinton Global Initiative University and Ashoka U or Compass Fellowship encourage young people to marry their career paths with social action. And, shows them that to the degree they can make "giving back" part of their journey, the destination will be far more rewarding -- socially, spiritually and financially.
At the end of the day, everyone's path is a very personal decision based on so many factors. I'm just glad the traditional walls are being knocked down and the playing field is a little more even. It's overwhelming to have so many choices but what a great problem to have.
This blog post is part of the Plan B for Business series produced by The Huffington Post and The B Team community to help articulate a Plan B for Business . To see other posts in the series, click here . For more information about The B Team, click here.
Follow Kenneth Cole on Twitter: www.twitter.com/kennethcole
More:

The Definition of Beauty for Black Women Is Still in Flux -- Whyreddit
In the 40 years since I was the first woman of color to appear on the cover of American Vogue, things in the fashion realm have gone through a world of change. And yet at the same time -- unfortunately -- many things have remained the same. As I wrote just last year, the absence of black runway models in high fashion is stark, and it is really startling and troubling to me.
The notion of what is beautiful in black women is still a source of great debate in popular culture; just look at the recent casting call for a movie about the trailblazing rap group N.W.A. The call sheet asked women to "grade" themselves, from A through D, using such criteria as skin color, waist size and hair type. The "A"s were the women who had a model-like build, light complexion and long hair.
By their scale, Beyoncé would rate only a "B" grade! Sure, "B" is for beautiful and Beyoncé, but I don't think there are many who would argue that Bey earns an "A" on the scale of beauty across all races, so what gives?
That we are still held to standards like these -- even for a movie about a legendary hip-hop crew -- says a lot about how far we've come ... or, sadly and more accurately, how far we haven't come since that August 1974 issue of Vogue.
And there is still the issue of hair -- which, for black women, is fraught with great meaning that goes as deep as our roots (both literally and figuratively). By that casting-call scale of beauty, Solange Knowles could have scored only a "C" at highest, mainly because of her choice of hairstyle. When does hairstyle make such an impact on our perception of beauty as it does on black women? The quick answer is: really, never.
And the politics of black hair -- both personal and public -- rages on. For proof, no need to look further than the recently announced new regulations regarding acceptable hairstyles in the U.S. military . Though not purportedly aimed directly at black women, the guidelines most directly affect them, banning many styles that are the easiest to create and least expensive to maintain. Is it any wonder that black women account for 70 percent of sales of hair extensions and weaves?
There has been some notable progress, of course. Beyoncé and Solange represent such a terrific range of proud black beauty. Award-winning 12 Years a Slave star Lupita Nyong'o's recent meteoric rise on the red carpet and as the new face of Prada has been wonderful to watch (her first Vogue cover was just one month shy of the 40-year anniversary of mine). Of course, there is Kerry Washington's amazing role as the star of Scandal in the high-profile role of the solver as a smart, beautiful and sexy black woman. And Orange Is the New Black has offered so many shades of black beauty to its viewers, from the touching vulnerability of "Crazy Eyes" (played by Uzo Aduba, an actress of Nigerian descent) to Sophia's strong, sexy and beautiful black trans woman (portrayed by real-life strong, sexy and beautiful black transgender actress Laverne Cox).
When I became the first model to brand herself 25 years ago with the Beverly Johnson eyewear line at Sears' optical and then 17 years ago as the hair guru and the face of the third-largest Korean hair company in America, the core of my business was to offer a wide range of beautiful hair products to women of all colors, but especially black women, by licensing my name.
Now, as a "modelpreneur" for the past three years, I have been building my own company, BJE LLC, and I've expanded from licensing my name to building my business to include television, media, retail, makeup and accessories, but the cornerstone is still the hair. I want to empower black women to be able to be their most beautiful selves -- however they define it, not how it's defined for them. And I'm proud to have been at the forefront of helping black women in the journey to define their own beauty. But I know we still have further to go in that journey, and there are many of us who are in it for the long run.
#ThinkBeauty.

The World s Most Unique Flagshipreddit
Flagship stores dot the major shopping thoroughfares of the big cities of the world. Often they are distinguished as much by their size as by their distinctiveness -- they are monolithic versions of their mall-based cousins.
Yes, they may have a feature or two -- a massive digital screen here, a café there -- that separates the flagship, but essentially this is super-size retail and it is the scale that is impressive. Even Apple's "significant stores" (their term for flagship) are as much about sheer size as they are about uniqueness. (Although no doubt both the architecture and finishes in an average Apple flagship are superior to the norm.)
So when I stumbled on a truly unique flagship on a recent trip to California, I was both delighted and charmed. Nestled in a reclaimed lumberyard at the entrance to the town of Mill Valley, outside San Francisco, is a store called "The Guideboat Co."
Created by the founder of Restoration Hardware, Stephen Gordon, with the assistance of YouTube entrepreneur Chad Hurley, Guideboat is truly one-of-a-kind and a labor of love . The store builds a retail environment around the guideboat, a sleek and elegant fixed-seat rowboat, born in the 19th century on the glassy lakes of the Adirondack Mountains in upstate New York.
Gordon had fond memories of guideboats from his childhood in the Adirondacks, and acquired a rare 1892 J. H. Rushton vessel a few years ago. From this purchase grew the idea for the store - which offers three handmade boats for sale (including a replica of the Rushton guideboat), as well as an eclectic selection of hand-picked product, from Kirby's decking paint to Quoddy Maine Made deck shoes (that may never actually grace the deck of a boat.) The boats themselves are minor works of art, cherry-trimmed and finished with marine bronze fittings.
To spend an hour at Guideboat is to revel in retail at its quirky best - stories well told and merchandise presented so beautifully (and edited so brilliantly) that you lust after every item.  Suddenly a US Navy blanket and a Washed Duck Chore Boat are seen not as oddities but must-haves. It's about "living the life"; an experience, as Gordon puts it, "wholly immersed in the Adirondack culture" that inspired him.
To complete the experience, at the side of the store is the "Adirondack Room," a mini-museum with a handful of authentic guideboats on display.
Even though Guideboat harks back to the past, it is in many ways the very model of a modern retailer. While the flagship store presents the fully realized Guideboat vision, an online store services the world.
Whether Guideboat is really retail genius or a rich man's indulgence, who knows? But if great retail is all about pure passion and exquisite execution, there is a lot to be learned from Guideboat - the world's most unique flagship and the worthy anchor of the Mill Valley Lumberyard.
Follow Jon Bird on Twitter: www.twitter.com/thetweetailer
More:

The Tiny House Movementreddit
The tiny house trend is on the rise with more and more individuals, couples, and families choosing to trade in space for simplicity. And from college grads to retirees the appeal of a miniature home spans the ages. Shrinking square footage not only cuts down on chores -- it's a lifestyle change all about living with less and decreasing environmental impact over time.
Click to Enlarge Image

Travel in Style With These 8 Savvy C-Suite Travel Tipsreddit
It's a rare treat that I am in one place for longer than a few days. Usually, it's when I make time to go out to South Dakota for a week, around the time when my horses need their hooves trimmed. Most of the time, I am in the air traveling from one speaking event to client meeting to filming location after another.
C-Suite executives tend to have the same travel schedule. Very rarely are they in one place for an extended period of time. With that type of travel schedule, you learn the leanest way to pack and still have everything you need with you.
Here are my top eight tips and tricks if you're looking to learn how to pack, travel, and do business like the C-Suite:
Tide to Go . I don't go anywhere without my Tide Pen. I keep one in my computer bag, travel bag, and even in a drawer in my offices. It's great for those moments when you're on the run and don't have the time (or ability) to stop in a washroom and get the stain out.
Mini-Power Strip . How often do you get into a hotel room and there's one open socket, and you have to choose between having a light on or charging your phone. Or when you're at a conference and all of the outlets are in use? Remove the headache and invest in a mini-power strip. You'll be glad you did!
Mobile Charger . I am on my phone and iPad constantly, so the battery lives on those devices are short and sweet. A mini-rapid charger is in my bag at all times. It's one of those things you don't think you'll need, then you're in a taxi or on the train and can't get to an outlet to charge your phone and finish that important sales call.
Sample Size Toiletries. Yes, this one is pretty obvious but there are countless times I am in the security line at the airport and someone is holding up the line, digging out full bottles of shampoo or some other liquid to dispose of. Do yourself (and those traveling with you) and keep sample size toiletries with you. This includes a toothbrush and toothpaste. That way, when you're not traveling you can keep it in one bag, and grab it all when you need it - never leaving anything behind.
Grid-It by Cocoon. Chargers, cords, or other electronic gadgets that would regularly all get tossed into a pouch and jostle around now have a secure, safe home. Every loose item I have, whether it's my business cards, chargers, mini-power strip, or mouse, all have a spot on my Grid-It. Because it's flat, it takes up very little room, even if it is completely full.
MiFi . To get any business done without the Internet is nearly impossible these days. Invariably something has to be emailed, digitally signed, looked up, or confirmed. There are places that have great WiFi that you can hop on, but other places have it guarded by lock and key. Skip asking for the password and carry a MiFi with you. That way, you can have the Internet wherever you are.
Tumi . Hands down, Tumi has the best travel luggage around. They've got a wide range of products to fit even the pickiest of C-Suite leaders tastes. They're luggage is tough; meaning if your luggage is dropped on the tarmac it doesn't pop open - meaning my cowboy boots are safe. Tumi luggage also has great daily use items and makes a great gift, too!
SCOTTeVEST . Need multiple things readily available to you? Get a SCOTTeVEST jacket, vest, or other apparel item. Multiple pockets means keeping things close and available to you without having to physically hold it all in your hands. When you're rushing from one end of the airport to another that can be extremely helpful!
BONUS Executive Assistant: Although you can't always bring them with you, having an executive assistant who has your back can be both a time saver and a lifesaver. Linda, my executive assistant, is my front line. She's my best app! I talk to her like Siri, and she gets things done. Anyone who wants to talk with me, book time with me, or hire me has to go through her, first. She makes sure I'm on time to where I need to be, and is the master orchestrator behind my day-to-day activities.
Have another C-Suite travel tip? Comment and let me know!
Follow Jeffrey Hayzlett on Twitter: www.twitter.com/JeffreyHayzlett
More:

Rachel Maddow s Dark Warning About Obama s New WarUpdated:
09/12/2014  9:59 am EDT
Rachel Maddow put up this chart on her Thursday show. It showed, she said, all the countries where the United States is either currently or about to be engaged in an indefinite military campaign.
After showing the chart, Maddow asked the following series of questions about President Obama's new campaign against ISIS:
Does the threat posed by this group rise to the level where it warrants this escalation of effort? Do we really want this to be the new normal of the way we interact with the world? Do we want to be doing this all over the world, forever, indefinitely, in counterterrorism campaigns that go on indefinitely and that we don't call war, just adding new countries to the list of where we do this stuff, every year, year after year...when does it ever stop?
WATCH:

Artist Enters Trancelike State To Create Brutally Honest Portraitsreddit
Normally when we think of creating a portrait most true to life, we conjure an image of a photorealist depiction, every freckle and eyelash and wrinkle in its place. However, such a rendering mimics a photograph of the person, but not the person.
Enter Guillaume Bruère, a Berlin-based artist with a very different understanding of honest portraiture.
Selfportrait with dirty hairs, 16.11.2013
Bruère's portraits are as wild as they are sparse, resembling the cross-pollination of Egon Schiele, Pablo Picasso and a child's frenzied doodle. His ongoing exhibition at Nahmad Contemporary presents a radically intense return to portraiture, an art form that's threatened to wither away in recent times.
It was husband-and-wife curators Simon and Michaela de Pury who discovered Bruère's work, when it showed at the Fondation Van Gogh in Arles. "I was blown away by [the portrait's] raw intensity and power," Simon expressed in a statement. "At a time when a new academism of process-based abstraction has become the norm amongst emerging artists it was a refreshing experience."
We can agree with de Pury on his assessment of the current state of contemporary art; a dreary phenomenon that's been coined by Walter Robinson as Zombie Formalism . The academic, safe and generic have rewired so much of contemporary abstraction, and now portraiture, a traditionally representational tradition, is actually the weirder one.
Portrait Vanilla 1, 19.06.2014
Bruère's creations are hybrid creatures made from oil pastel, watercolor, acrylic and graphite, applied in a series of seemingly infinite permutations and combinations. Eight works in the show belong to a series titled "Vanilla," based on a coworker Bruère became obsessed with. As you might have expected, the renderings barely look like the same species, let alone the same subject. One Vanilla has three eyeballs placed under her mouth while another wears running clothes and is horizontal and vertical at once.
The works and the radical difference embedded within them speaks to the complexity of human beings. To capture his subjects' appearance without hesitation, Bruère tries to work faster than the pace of his own consciousness, creating art rapidly in a trance-like state. Inspired by the philosophy of Emmanuel Levinas, Bruère strips his work of all preconceived notions of his subject, truly recording a human-to-human encounter as it exists in the moment. According to Levinas, what makes us truly human is our ability to encounter one another without prejudice or predisposition. It's no easy task.
"Vanilla" is as conceptually rigorous as it is visually addictive, with bright colors, squiggly lines and alien forms that float, crawl and multiply. The fact that these abstract depictions could actually capture more of their subject than a traditional oil painting ever could? That's an idea we want so badly to be true. Find out for yourself at Nahmad Contemporary , where the exhibition is on view until October 1, 2014.
Berlin, ik been med, 31.05.2012 Pencil, acrylic, oil pastel and watercolor on paper 93 x 61.5 x 2.5 inches / 236.2 x 156.2 x 6.4 cm Courtesy of the artist
D, 05.05.2012 Mixed media on paper 93 x 61.5 x 2.5 inches / 236.2 x 156.2 x 6.4 cm Courtesy of the artist
11.05.2013 Oil pastel, crayon and pencil on paper 93 x 61.5 x 2.5 inches / 236.2 x 156.2 x 6.4 cm Courtesy of the artist
Portrait Vanilla 5, 07.07.2014 Mixed media on paper 93 x 61.5 x 2.5 inches / 236.2 x 156.2 x 6.4 cm Courtesy of the artistfrom the Vanilla series
Portrait Vanilla 4, 05.07.2014 Mixed media on paper 93 x 61.5 x 2.5 inches / 236.2 x 156.2 x 6.4 cm Courtesy of the artist
Portrait Vanilla 7, 13.07.2014 Mixed media on paper 93 x 61.5 x 2.5 inches / 236.2 x 156.2 x 6.4 cm Courtesy of the artist
Portrait Vanilla 6, 11.07.2014 Mixed media on paper 93 x 61.5 x 2.5 inches / 236.2 x 156.2 x 6.4 cm Courtesy of the artist
Portrait Vanilla 8, 24.07.2014 Mixed media on paper 93 x 61.5 x 2.5 inches / 236.2 x 156.2 x 6.4 cm Courtesy of the artist
Also on HuffPost:

Festive Discounts Are Back to Lure ShoppersKotak Bank Buys ING Vysya in Record $2.4 Billion Share Deal
New Delhi: Consumer durable makers like Sony, LG, Panasonic and Whirlpool are expecting up to 35 per cent growth in the upcoming festive season and are pulling out all the stops as the sector eyes a rebound from a prolonged slump.
To attract buyers, they are offering freebies like hard disk drives, DVD players, carrying cases and accessories. Discounts, cashback and extended warranty schemes are also being employed to boost festive demand.
(Read: Give Your Cibil Credit Score a Festive Boost )
Sony, which is expecting sales of Rs 5,100 crore between August and November, has earmarked Rs 250 crore for its marketing budget push sales.
"Coupled with the boost in the customer sentiment, we are expecting to close the festive season with sales of Rs 5,100 crore with a growth of 25 per cent over corresponding period last year," Sony India head-sales Sunil Nayyar told PTI.
South Korean maker LG is expecting a 35 per cent jump in sales during the festive sales due to positive sentiment.
"We are witnessing boost in consumers' confidence on hope of an economic recovery. Consumer sentiment is picking up and we are very upbeat," said LG India vice president-sales Sanjeev Agarwal.
Industry officials also feel that the Narendra Modi government has ushered in a sense of greater stability in consumers.
Panasonic India managing director Manish Sharma said, "We believe that the new government has resulted in a higher consumer confidence and stable rupee, which will definitely lead to an upsurge in sales this season."
Panasonic, which is expecting 25 per cent growth in sales as compared to the same period last year, is spending Rs 85 crore for marketing initiatives and has run a special campaign during the festive season on its Viera range of TVs, microwaves, refrigerators and washing machines.
However, Whirlpool of India vice-president (corporate affairs and strategy) Asia South Shantanu Dasgupta says there is optimism in consumer sentiment but it would not be as good as 2009 and 2010, when industry had posted 30-40 per cent growth.
"We see a certain sense of optimism in consumer sentiment. The reality, however, is that cost of living has gone up, food inflation is high, and interest rates have not come down," he said.
Whirlpool of India is expecting 20 per cent growth in volumes during September to November and would spend Rs 12 crore on media campaigns.
"We will be launching a television campaign specially created for Diwali. We will also support the promotion in print, radio and digital," Mr Dasgupta added.
Companies are also adding new products in their line-ups before the onset of the festive period and offering interesting mix of promotional offers on their flagship products.
"This festive season, we would be aggressively targeting our customers with a thrilling line-up, adding joy to the celebrations," Mr Nayyar said, adding that Sony is introducing promotional offers on Bravia TVs and Alpha range of cameras and is also offering assured gifts.
Whirlpool of India would introduce a new washing machine and a range of high-end microwaves in its Indian product line up, imported from its European factory.
Meanwhile, LG is offering sound bar, DVD player with selected high end televisions and 'magic motion' remote with selected smart TV models.
"The festive season is the most important season for LG. With the objective of maximising customer satisfaction and considering the changing lifestyle and robust economic growth, LG is offering exciting offers," Mr Agarwal said.
LG is launching its first ever 360 degree brand campaign highlighting its product portfolio, he added.
Panasonic has unveiled a 'My Celebrations, My Choices' during the festival seasons and is offering special offers.
"The campaign has been created keeping in mind the flavour and zest of the Indian festive season. Under this campaign, consumers can avail special offers on the purchase of Viera, Microwaves, Refrigerators and Washing Machines," Mr Sharma said.
Sony would be running special campaigns, including ATL and BTL activities such as print, outdoor, shop-front and events, in order to push sales.
"For the festive season this year, we have a dedicated marketing budget of Rs 250 crore and we are confident that it would help us in achieving a strong response to our festive promotional offers," Mr Nayyar said.
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 11:25 (IST)

These Amazing Art Illusions Prove Paper Can Be Anything But Basicreddit
Think paper is basic? Think again.
Yulia Brodskaya manages to turn paper into fantastical, illusionary artworks that come to life. A graphic designer and illustrator who has worked with companies from Neiman Marcus and Hermes to Starbucks and Bentley, her expertise is using glue and bent strips of colorful paper in a technique known as "quilling." However, she has managed to take it to another level.
"I don't always call it quilling because I have actually discovered a new way of using the basic technique," she told The Huffington Post via email. "I work with paper strips as if I'm drawing with paper instead of on it. Traditional quilling is constrained by the use of basic shapes, so it is a bit different ... I made it [cooler], modern, gave this paper craft a new life."
On her website, Brodskaya further explains how she has mastered the process:
Initially, I was concerned about the limitations of the quilling technique and the material from which the work is constructed -- paper and card -- as it very much dictates what can and cannot be said within the boundaries of the chosen medium. However, this material limitation turned out to be a strength for me: there is the potential to contain thoughts and ideas in unique ways so that the medium can become a significant part of the message. Thus, after working with paper quilling for over three years, I am at a point where I don't feel constrained by the technical challenges of the medium; I'm eager to keep experimenting, and this piece is just a beginning.
Brodskaya has experimented with tropical fish and Candy Crush themes. Right now, she's particularly interested in capturing elderly people in her artworks. She told HuffPost that she's intrigued by the subject of old age and death, and looks through photographs for inspiration.
"I'm looking for more unusual ways of depicting an aged person [like] showcasing his [or] her interests or objects or situations in addition to just portraying the faces on their own," she said. "Another reason is material/technique related. The edge-glued paper strips are a great way of depicting the wrinkles, so it is a bonus."

Ensuring that laws remain rational when enforcedBy Randy Barnett September 14
One of the great myths of constitutional law is that the New Deal Court completely eviscerated the Due Process Clause requirement that restraints on liberty not be irrational or arbitrary. In the canonical 1938 case of U.S. v. Carolene Products, Justice Stone wrote “that a statute would deny due process which precluded the disproof in judicial proceedings of all facts which would show or tend to show that a statute depriving the suitor of life, liberty or property had a rational basis.” He then elaborated:
Where the existence of a rational basis for legislation whose constitutionality is attacked depends upon facts beyond the sphere of judicial notice, such facts may properly be made the subject of judicial inquiry, and the constitutionality of a statute predicated upon the existence of a particular state of facts may be challenged by showing to the court that those facts have ceased to exist.
Indeed, it is a little known fact that the 1928 Filled Milk Act’s bar on the interstate sale of Milnut – later renamed “Milnot” — that was upheld in Carolene Products was later invalidated by a federal district court in 1972 as irrational when it was shown that other similar products were being allowed into commerce. In his opinion, District Court Judge Robert Morgan provided the constitutional standard: “While Congress may select a particular evil and regulate it to the exclusion of other possible evils in the same industry, any distinction drawn must at least be rational.”
On the basis of the evidence presented to him at trial, “it appears crystal clear that certain imitation milk and dairy products are so similar to Milnot in composition, appearance, and use that different treatment as to interstate shipment caused by application of the Filled Milk Act to Milnot violates the due process of law to which Milnot Company is constitutionally entitled.” Whatever previous “dairy market conditions and dangers of confusion” had led to the passage and judicial upholding of the Filled Milk Act many years ago, Judge Morgan found that these “have long since ceased to exist.” In short, the Due Process Clause required that the Milnot Company be allowed to present evidence to an impartial judge to show the irrationality of the Filled Milk Act.
For the New Deal Court (and all courts before), then, the rationality of a statute was a meaningful standard. What changed even before the New Deal was who bore the burden of proof for showing that a restriction on liberty was irrational or arbitrary. In Lochner and other cases, the Court appeared to place the burden on the government (as I favor doing); by the time of Carolene Products, the burden had already been shifted to the challenger (as Justice Harlan had advocated in his Lochner dissent).
What we think of as the meaningless “rational basis” test actually comes from a 1955 Warren Court case of Williamson v. Lee Optical, in which the Supreme Court reversed the lower court’s realistic appraisal that restrictions placed on opticians were irrational means of protecting the health and safety of the public. In an ironic repudiation of realism, Justice Douglass replaced a realistic rationality review by instead accepting any hypothetical reason for a law that a court might imagine. Yet the Court has never expressly repudiated the Carolene Products approach, and has since oftentimes employed a “rational basis with teeth” approach that seems inconsistent with Williamson.
Now comes a cert petition from the Institute for Justice that gives the Court an opportunity to reaffirm the reasoning of Carolene Products, which allows individuals to challenge the “the constitutionality of a statute predicated upon the existence of a particular state of facts . . . by showing to the court that those facts have ceased to exist.”
In Heffner v. Murphy, the Institute for Justice is challenging the rationality of several restrictions on the ownership and operation of funeral homes in Pennsylvania. While the lower court had ruled that, in light of changing circumstances, these rules were irrational, the Third Circuit rejected the principle that the rationality of a statute depends on the rationality of its application now: “As a threshold matter, we surmise that much of the District Court’s conclusions regarding the constitutionality of the [Funeral Law], enacted in 1952, stem from a view that certain provisions of the [Funeral Law] are antiquated in light of how funeral homes now operate. That is not, however, a constitutional flaw.”
But if “rationality” is what constitutionally justifies a restriction on liberty, there is no good reason why a law should not still be rational when applied to a particular person, and why that person should not be able to show why the law was irrational as applied to his activity, the way it was to Milnot. As the Institute points out in its brief:
The rule of Carolene Products protects our constitutional rights by ensuring that the enforcement of a statute must be rational, and not merely that the statute itself was rational at some distant point in the past. The changed-circumstances doctrine is a particularly important protection because the separation-of powers principles at the heart of rational-basis review are attenuated when the factual circumstances of a law’s passage bear little resemblance to the real world many years later.
This is the appropriate way for constitutional law to “live” and adjust to changing circumstances in the context of a written constitution with a fixed original meaning.
It bears emphasizing that the rule of Carolene Products is not a rule about how the Constitution itself changes, a rule about how courts ought to strike down unpopular laws when public sentiment shifts, or a rule allowing courts to institute their own social and economic policies. The meaning of the Constitution remains the same, public sentiment is irrelevant, and courts may not substitute their preferences for those of the elected branches. Instead, the modest rule of Carolene Products simply ensures that when government officials take away a liberty interest today, they do so for reasons that are rational today, not merely for reasons that were rational long ago.
Allowing as applied challenges to the rationality of a statute based on changing circumstances is an approach that both originalists and “living constitutionalists” can and should embrace.  And a realistic rationality review allows for the protection of liberty without the heightened scrutiny that results from finding a particular liberty to be a “fundamental right.”
Under existing doctrine, elevating a liberty to “fundamental rights” status creates a virtual “trump” over legislative power, so must be only sparingly employed. The much easier-to-satisfy rationality review allows both greater exercise of governmental powers while still protecting liberty, and that is so even when following a presumption of constitutionality in favor of the statute.
The difference between Carolene Products and Williamson is whether or not the presumption of constitutionality is rebuttable. The New Deal Court insisted it was; the Warren Court suggested it was not. Lower courts have been divided ever since, which would make this a very useful, as well as very important, grant of cert.
By taking seriously a showing that a restriction of liberty is irrational, the Court can get itself out of the business of recognizing some “preferred freedoms” as so “fundamental” that they merit protection while other liberties do not — while avoiding the super scrutiny that interferes with the proper discretion of legislatures. Ironically, the Court can accomplish both objectives simply by following its New Deal precedent.
Randy Barnett is the Carmack Waterhouse Professor of Legal Theory, Georgetown University Law Center, and Director of the Georgetown Center for the Constitution. His books include: Restoring the Lost Constitution: The Presumption of Liberty (Princeton, 2d. ed 2014); and The Structure of Liberty: Justice and the Rule of Law (Oxford, 2d. ed. 2014).

What the posse comitatus case might mean for the future of the exclusionary ruleBy Will Baude September 14
As Eugene noted , a divided panel of the Ninth Circuit recently held that a child pornography conviction had to be reversed because the evidence was gathered in violation of the Posse Comitatus Act. Steve Vladeck has a post discussing the important and potentially certworthy issue in the case, which is whether a violation of that statute can trigger the exclusionary rule at all.
I confess that my initial reaction was skepticism. Consider Sanchez-Llamas v. Oregon :
We have applied the exclusionary rule primarily to deter constitutional violations. … [In t]he few cases in which we have suppressed evidence for statutory violations … the excluded evidence arose directly out of statutory violations that implicated important Fourth and Fifth Amendment interests.
Maybe the Posse Comitatus Act can be shown to “implicate important Fourth and Fifth Amendment interests,” but the Ninth Circuit didn’t really show that, and it isn’t obvious to me.
More generally, it seems to me that current exclusionary rule doctrine can be read in a couple of different ways:
One is the deterrence theory: Exclusion is appropriate when it seems like there’s intentional and/or widespread and/or generally problematic illegality by the government. This refrain appears in a bunch of the cases, and it’s how the Ninth Circuit framed the analysis. It’s not clear, however, that the analysis automatically applies in statutory cases (see above).
A second is the slow destruction theory: Under this theory, the exclusionary rule is unfounded and deleterious, and the rule and its works should be slowly destroyed. Some people read the Court’s exclusionary rule precedents to be implicitly working toward this theory. It is not really put forward by the Court as a first-order justification, although quite a few of the opinions do frame their analysis by questioning the rule’s basis or justification.
Until recently, I would have ended this list there. But I have recently begun to give some credence to a third account of exclusionary rule doctrine put forward by my friend Richard Re in an article called The Due Process Exclusionary Rule .
Richard argues that today many searches and seizures should be seen as part of the criminal process and that the exclusionary rule is thus justified by the Due Process Clause, which forbids a conviction obtained through illegal “process.” While I am not yet sure that I agree with this view, I think it deserves serious consideration, and is the best alternative to the “slow destruction theory” that is on offer.
Here is what the article says about statutory violations (footnotes omitted):
Nonconstitutional Process.–Courts tend not to demand suppression for violations of nonconstitutional rules. This trend roughly tracks the evolution of due process doctrine, as the decline of suppression for nonconstitutional violations corresponds with the Court’s growing reluctance to ascribe constitutional significance to violations of state and even nonconstitutional federal law. Today, for example, “mere errors” of state law are not thought to yield due process violations. That approach has pragmatic appeal, since it allows lawmakers to control the remedial consequences of the procedures they create. In California v. Greenwood, for example, California both prohibited police searches of roadside trash and precluded exclusionary remedies. And in United States v. Donovan, a federal statute imposed certain requirements on wiretap applications while providing for suppression only in certain instances. If the Court had demanded due process suppression in those cases, it might have discouraged lawmakers from imposing new constraints on police. Instead, the Court has found only fundamental procedures, including constitutional ones, to qualify as due process.
But if the exclusionary rule roughly tracks current doctrine’s understanding of due process, it is fair to ask whether current doctrine is correct. There is some evidence suggesting that, at least by the time of the Fourteenth Amendment’s ratification, “due process” referred largely to constitutional procedures, and not to federal statutes or state law. As argued earlier, however, substantial historical evidence indicates that the Due Process Clauses were originally understood to command adherence to all positive-law procedures for depriving persons of life, liberty, or property. Given that history, there is a powerful historical argument that suppression should be mandatory for all harmful violations of positive-law process, including state law and federal statutory law. Supporting that possibility, older but still influential cases sometimes suppressed for nonconstitutional violations and even invoked due process when doing so.
Still, one limiting principle bears emphasis. As we have seen, there can be room for disagreement as to whether a particular legal rule functions as part of the process for obtaining a conviction. The Fourth Amendment itself was originally viewed exclusively as part of tort process, and a federal statute might be able to return the Fourth Amendment to that original role. A similar analysis applies to nonconstitutional sources of procedural law, which often prescribe nonexclusionary remedies. The express remedial provisions at issue in Donovan, for example, made it hard to view the nonconstitutional rules in question as procedural steps toward the authorization of criminal convictions. In accounting for the remedies expressly provided by the positive law at issue, the Court embraced the law’s own conception of the procedures it established. Quite apart from its pragmatic appeal, that approach accords with the original meaning of the Due Process Clauses.
If the government tries to take the case en banc or to the Supreme Court, perhaps we will find out more about which theory is at work.
Will Baude is an assistant professor at the University of Chicago Law School, where he teaches constitutional law and federal courts. His recent articles include Rethinking the Federal Eminent Domain Power, (Yale Law Journal, 2013), and Beyond DOMA: State Choice of Law in Federal Statutes, (Stanford Law Review, 2012).

Kim Dotcom s Party Poised to Win New Zealand SeatsPeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

Marriotts future: Four things to watchBy Abha Bhattarai September 14 Follow @abhabhattarai
Marriott International executives and institutional investors gathered last week at the new Marriott Marquis Washington, DC to discuss industry trends, the company’s financials and prospects for international growth. Here are four trends to watch as the Bethesda-based hotel giant continues to adapt to changing customer preferences:
1.More hotels — and presumably higher profits — in coming years.
Marriott last week announced plans to open 1,300 hotels — or more than six properties per week — by 2017. That would bring the company’s total number of properties to more than 5,000.
The aggressive growth plan, executives said, is fueled by economic growth and a rising middle class, particularly in Africa and Asia, where Marriott is focusing its expansion efforts.
“Around the world, this is a golden age of travel,” Arne Sorenson, chief executive and president of Marriott, said in a statement. “In 2012, international trips topped a record 1 billion, and we would like to see that double over the next 10 years.”
Carl Berquist, chief financial officer at Marriott, told investors last week that he expects revenue per available room — a closely watched industry metric — to rise between 4 percent and 6 percent each year until 2017. Given that level of growth, he predicted profits could rise 19 percent to 23 percent to as much as $1.1 billion in the same period.
“Our investment facility is straightforward: Our principal focus is growing our management and franchise business,” Berquist said.
2.A changing international model. When Marriott began expanding to other countries nearly five decades ago, the company’s focus was on catering to American tourists. New locations tended to be in places such as Acapulco, Amsterdam and Toronto.
In recent years, the company has adjusted its strategy to attract more locals around the world.
“There has been a big shift in global growth,” Sorenson said in an interview. “Today, we are in a position where we’re opening as many hotels outside the U.S. as in the U.S. And the bulk of the business of those hotels is about local business or regional business. It’s not about long-haul American travelers anymore.”
As a result, hotels and guest rooms are changing to accommodate cultural nuances. In India, for example, Fairfield Inn hotels serve three meals a day and are simply called “Fairfield.” (“The word ‘inn’ as understood in India does not adequately convey the high quality of the product, so we dropped the word from the brand name,” said Stephanie Linnartz, Marriott’s chief marketing and commercial officer.)
In Brazil, where 90 percent of Fairfield Inn customers are domestic business travelers, rooms are sparse and come with large desks and small TVs to accommodate working guests.
“We are becoming very market-specific,” Anthony G. Capuano, Marriott’s global chief development officer, said in an interview. “It’s very customer-driven.”
3.More technology-fueled changes.
Perhaps the most sweeping change to hit the hospitality industry, executives said, is the rise of technology.
“We have a world in which technology is much more profoundly integrated into everyday life,” Sorenson said. “If you go back even 10 years ago, you’ll find that technology was part of our economy, but today you see technology everywhere.”
As a result, Marriott is introducing mobile apps to help guests check in and out of their rooms. Another interactive app helps meeting planners request more coffee and pastries without leaving the conference room.
More broadly, the company’s rooms and common areas are also being revamped to include more gadget-friendly nooks and WiFi capabilities.
“We’re putting in the rooms what guests want: More technology, more electrical outlets, more style,” Linnartz said, adding that the company was increasingly doing away with heavy furniture and large closets in its guest rooms.
The company is also looking to social media to drum up interest for its hotels, particularly among younger guests who are expected to account for a large portion of business travelers in coming years. Before the company’s recent opening of a Moxy Hotel in Milan, for example, the brand took turns profiling employees and their quirky hobbies (martial arts, butterfly collecting, ballet) on its Instagram account. The hope, Capuano said, was to show customers that Moxy was a hip line of boutique hotels unlike anything else under the Marriott banner.
“It helps to articulate to the user that ‘This brand is different. It’s not like the Fairfield Inn I stayed in in Iowa,’” he said.
Added Linnartz: Social media “is a very cost-effective way for us to reach Gen Y.”
4. New hotel brands.
For decades after its founding, Marriott had just one brand: its full-service namesake line of hotels. That began to change in 1983, when the company introduced Courtyard, the country’s first mid-priced chain designed for business travelers. Fairfield Inn and Marriott Suites followed four years later.
“In the ’80s and into the ’90s, we established these ‘category killers’ like Residence Inn and Courtyard and Fairfield — brands that played in a different space from a price perspective, sometimes from a location perspective,” Sorenson said. “That was a huge change for the business.”
That trend continues today. Marriott now includes 18 brands, nearly double the number it had in 2000. Company executives last week did not rule out the possibility of adding new brands to Marriott’s line-up, which currently includes the Ritz-Carlton, Renaissance and Moxy Hotels.
“I don’t think there is a specific answer to ‘What is the exact right number of brands?’” Linnartz said. “When we think about new brands, it’s when there’s a new customer segment to reach or when there’s a new market to enter.”
More from Capital Business:

Reveal name of whistleblower in CBI chief case: SC tells BhushanComments
The Supreme Court Monday directed lawyer-activist Prashant Bhushan to disclose the identity of the ‘whistle-blower’ who gave him a copy of the guest register of CBI director Ranjit Sinha’s residence.
A bench headed by Justice HL Dattu asked Bhushan to submit the name — in a sealed envelope — directly before the court takes any decision on the application moved by the Centre for Public Interest and Litigation (CPIL), which has charged Sinha with compromising investigations in the case as he met senior executives of an accused company at his 2, Janpath residence here.
“We want to know how authentic the gentleman is as this (application) has a serious consequences on the proceedings,” the bench said, fixing September 22 for further hearing.
Video: SC asks Bhushan to reveal name of whistleblower in CBI chief case
Sinha’s counsel, senior advocate Vikas Singh, deprecated Bhushan for filing an application, containing “frivolous” and “baseless,” allegations in contravention to the SC rules and pointed fingers at a business house for the alleged leaks. He challenged the claim that Sinha had given an opinion to protect former Union Minister Dayanidhi Maran in the Aircel-Maxis deal.
“He says it’s a water-tight case. From where does he get it? There is nothing of this nature,” Singh said, accusing Bhushan of undermining the CBI director’s reputation.
CBI counsel senior advocate KK Venugopal wanted the court to direct Bhushan to name the person giving him information about the secret file notings, a request declined by the court.
Bhushan urged the court not to pass the direction seeking the whistle-blower’s name as it would expose him to harassment by his seniors. “I am willing to stake my life for the authenticity of the register. The entries are made in different hand-writings... There are not only names, but also car numbers and the entry and exit time. To ascertain whether my allegations against the director accusing him of interfering with the trial are correct, the same can be checked from the records,” Bhushan said.

Heineken Rejects SABMiller Takeover BidPeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

Greggs sales rise prompts profit upgradeGreggs sales rise prompts profit upgrade
By Claer Barrett
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a03d3ada-3ca4-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MySale expands with Danish stake purchaseMySale continues European expansion with Danish stake acquisition
By John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/48c530cc-3caa-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ford India Launches Refreshed Figo at Rs. 3.87 LakhYou are here: Home Corporates
Ford India Launches Refreshed Figo at Rs 3.87 Lakh
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 15, 2014 15:02 (IST)
Kotak Bank Buys ING Vysya in Record $2.4 Billion Share Deal
Ford India on Monday launched a refreshed version of its compact car Ford Figo ahead of the upcoming festival season.  
The refreshed Ford Figo will be available at Rs 3.87 lakh to Rs 5.14 lakh for the petrol variant and Rs 4.83 lakh to Rs 6.09 lakh (ex-Showroom Delhi) for the diesel option, the company said in a statement.
     
"With the refreshed look, we are adding even more style to the Figo, which is highly regarded as a reliable vehicle with an outstanding value-for-money proposition," Ford India executive director (Marketing, Sales and Service) Vinay Piparsania said.
      
The new look Ford Figo will have smoky stealth finish exterior styling elements, including 14 inch alloy wheels, fog lamp bezels and rear bumper valance.
      
The company said the new Figo range will also continue to offer a two-year or 1 lakh kilometre warranty. It is also offering 'Happy Pocket Service' with comprehensive scheduled service with price starting at Rs 2,199.
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 14:55 (IST)

China Anxiety Knocks World Shares  OilYou are here: Home Market
China Anxiety Knocks World Shares, Oil
Reuters | Updated On: September 15, 2014 15:21 (IST)
Yes Bank Gains Over 3%, RBI Removes Curbs on FII Share Purchase
Stock markets fell on Monday after China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while worries over the impact of another round of sanctions on Russian projects added to headwinds for Moscow-listed companies and the oil market.
 
Europe's main markets fell as much as 0.4 per cent before recovering some poise. That followed a 1 per cent dive for Asian shares, with European oil and gas stocks - traditionally among the most exposed to signs of weakening demand from China - falling as much as 1.3 per cent.
 
Brent crude oil slumped to a more than two-year low under $97 per barrel as the lacklustre data from the world's top energy consumer cast a shadow over the outlook for oil demand at a time of abundant supply.
 
"Economic growth in China is one of the key drivers of world growth and generally of oil demand," said Ric Spooner, chief market analyst at CMC Markets. "It seems likely that (oil) demand growth won't keep up with the growth in supply capacity."
 
The United States and European Union imposed fresh sanctions on Moscow last week, hampering exploration of Russia's huge Arctic and shale oil reserves and setting rules on tougher financing of existing Russian projects. Oil companies impacted include Gazprom, Gazprom Neft, Lukoil, Surgutneftegas and Rosneft.
 
Rosneft shares inched up on Monday after the Russian government said it would create a multi-billion dollar fund to help companies - although the funding announced for it fell way short of the almost $40 billion Rosneft says it needs in aid.
 
The dollar, whose rise since early July is its longest winning streak since 1997, continued to gain and bank analysts said expectations that the US currency would continue to gain were likely to weigh on commodities.
 
At the same time, the boom in shale gas exploration in the United States has removed one of the big sources of tension from the global market.
 
"A strong dollar has an impact on commodity prices generally, but there is also the issue of shale gas in the US," said Jane Foley, an analyst.
 
"Clearly the US can't export shale gas but it means that some of their previous suppliers are looking for new markets. There is a lot of supply out there that would have historically gone into the US but is now going to other global markets."
 
Jocks away?
 
Sterling, which has recovered a foothold in the past few days, slipped following another round of polls that showed Thursday's vote on Scottish independence remains too close to call.
 
One-week implied volatility - the best measure of the scale of the risks to the pound seen by markets - remains at its highest in four years.
 
A vote by the Scots to leave the United Kingdom would have wide-ranging consequences and could drive sterling sharply lower, but the market pricing also encapsulates the risk of a snap back in the event of a vote for the status quo.
 
One poll over the weekend showed the 'No' vote 8 points in front, while another showed the same lead for the 'Yes' camp and two others a 51-49 per cent and 53-47 per cent split respectively in favour of sticking with the union.
 
"While likely to be highly volatile, sterling should hold above last week's lows ahead of, and then rise following, the confirmation of a 'No' outcome from Thursday's Scottish referendum," Credit Agricole analysts said in a note.
 
The bearish Chinese data has added to worries about a 40 per cent slide in iron ore prices this year and further soured sentiment for commodity currencies.
 
The Australian dollar fell below 90 US cents for the first time since March, down half a percent on the day and extending a decline from 94 cents early this month. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 index shed 0.8 percent, South Korea's KOSPI dipped 0.3 per cent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.6 per cent.
 
There has been strong demand for the US dollar as investors positioned for a slightly more hawkish shift from the Federal Reserve this week at its Sept. 16-17 policy meeting.
 
This has driven US Treasury yields higher, with the 10-year yield last week scoring its biggest rise in over a year.
 
"The key question surrounding this week's policy event is whether a widely expected change in FOMC forward guidance is sufficient to refuel dollar buying," Credit Agricole analysts wrote in a report.
 
Copyright @ Thomson Reuters 2014
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 14:45 (IST)

The makers of WordPress learned years ago that the ultimate office perk is not having an officeDesks are overrated anyway.(AP Photo/Luca Bruno)
SHARE
Aimee Groth @AimeeGroth
September 15, 2014
Tech behemoths and startups alike spend a fortune on creating plush offices with lots of perks. But arguably the biggest perk is allowing employees to work wherever they want, whenever they want.
This is something Automattic CEO Matt Mullenweg understood a decade ago when he launched the online publishing platform WordPress. Today his global workforce of 260 still doesn’t operate with a central location (its San Francisco headquarters are nearly always close to empty.) Instead of investing money into office perks, Automattic invests that money into meet-ups for its employees.
Last year at a Lean Startup conference , Mullenweg said the following about the traditional workplace: “We have this factory model, and we think someone’s working if they show up in the morning and they’re not drunk, they don’t sleep at their desks, they leave at the right time. But that has so little to do with what you create. And we all know people who create a lot without fitting into those norms.”
Research indicates employees greatly value autonomy. This is part of what’s driving millennials to leave traditional offices and go out on their own. “It’s a cultural phenomenon,” says Alex Abelin, co-founder of Liquid Talent , a startup that matches creative professionals with local work in real time. “Everything is pointing in that direction. We care more about mobility and independence.”
Automattic started out as a distributed workforce because it was the easiest way to attract the best engineering talent from around the world.
Mullenweg, who took the CEO role in January , spends one-third of his time on hiring and auditions employees before bringing anyone on full time. Automattic hires about 40% of applicants who go through tryouts. “Many of our workers were self-employed or freelance at some point in their careers, which helps them understand how to be self-directed,” he wrote in the Harvard Business Review .
Automattic employees communicate with each other through P2 , an online tool similar to Yammer, in addition to Google Hangouts and other services (but mostly  avoid email .) Teams meet up every couple of months in a city of their choice, and there are annual all-company, weeklong events. Mullenweg tells Quartz that he’s usually on the road, spending time with different teams around the world . “I’m where the people are,” he says.
Allowing employees to work from anywhere makes it easier to focus on the work itself, without the distractions of office politics. Around  70% of Americans work in open-plan offices , and research shows that the open spaces actually have a negative impact on productivity and overall happiness. In his paper “ The Transparency Paradox ,” Harvard assistant professor Ethan Bernstein measured the effect of privacy on employee productivity, and concluded that there is a cost to too much transparency. “Privacy is just as important for performance,” he writes in an upcoming issue of Harvard Business Review.
Former Automattic team leader Scott Berkun told Quartz: “We have this belief that most work is not distributed, that it’s local. But people are spending most of their time looking at screens. If you are looking at screens, you could be anywhere.” Still there were moments—about every three or four weeks—during his 18-month tenure when he wanted to “get everyone into a room with a white board” to work on a problem while observing everyone’s facial expressions.
Both Berkun and Bernstein stress that the success of companies like Automattic aren’t necessarily tied to being decentralized or not. Operating remotely is just another way of working. Success is more directly related to the types of people the company hires, including whether they are good communicators, and the underlying power structures at play—factors that influence whether any company sinks or swims. Berkun says that Automattic is “pretty flat, non-hierarchical,” which gives employees freedom to launch product updates whenever they want. Managers (or “leads”) aren’t incentivized with additional pay.
All the benefits of technology aside, the most successful companies trust their employees—whether they’re across the world, or right under the boss’s nose.
We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:

Will play an active role to clear doubts on Muslim laws: AIMPLBPress Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: September 15, 2014 4:04 pm
In the wake of a raging controversy over the issue of ‘Love Jihad ‘ raised by right wing outfits, All India Muslim Personal Law Board has decided to remove misconceptions among people with regard to the subject besides concepts pertaining to the Islamic law.
At a conference on ‘Islamic laws of Nikah, Polygamy and Adoption’ organised  Sunday night, AIMPLB decided to enhance the activities of its Tafheem-e-Shariat committee to remove misconceptions about different aspects of the Sharia Law, the board’s member Maulana Khalid Rasheed Farangimahli said on Monday.
“Several speakers expressed concern over topics such as a non-Islamic subject like ‘Love Jihad’ being made an issue, attempts to spread hatred among the new generation about Islam, wrong reporting in media on Sharia law, presenting the Sharia views in a distorted manner in the courts.”
“AIMPLB’s efforts will be to underline the need to remove doubts among non-Muslims on Sharia and other issues,” he said.
‘Love Jihad’ is the term being used by right wing Hindu outfits while referring to alleged conversion of Hindu girls through marriage, a concept which has been dubbed as “false propaganda” by Muslim religious leaders and scholars saying that Islam does not allow forced conversions.
Farangimahli said the Tafheem-e-Shariat committee would apprise the people, especially Muslim lawyers, on the concepts of nikah (marriage), polygamy, adoption and other such issues through seminars, books and other means, with a view to provide them better knowledge on these subjects so that they can present their case in the court properly, he said.
Besides the committee would also distribute pamphlets, books and use media for the purpose.
To clear misconceptions, AIMPLB had organised similar conferences in Mumbai, Hyderabad, Bengaluru, Delhi and Aligarh and it now plans to hold another such conference next month in Allahabad, Farangimahli said, adding that by February next year, six such conferences would be organised in the country.
The speakers at the conference especially made reference to the allegations on Muslims regarding polygamy and pointed out that Islam permits it only under special circumstances, Farangimahli said.
Love Jihad being made an issue, attempts to spread hatred among the new generation about Islam, wrong reporting in media on Sharia law, presenting the Sharia views in a distorted manner in the courts.

August inflation shrinks to 5-year low of 3.74% as food prices fallComments
India’s wholesale inflation rate plunged to 3.74% in August, the lowest in almost five years, aided by a sharp drop in vegetable and petrol prices, data released Monday showed.
The more than one percentage point drop in wholesale inflation rates over July’s 5.19%, should bring cheer to the NDA government that rode to a landslide election victory promising to bring down prices of essentials as part of its poll pledge to usher in `Aachen din’ (Good days).
It was also the lowest since 1.79% of October 2009, a period when demand for goods fell sharply battered by the worst global recession in 80 years.
Besides, with crude oil prices falling to two-year low of $97 dollar a barrel, expect retail petrol and diesel prices to come down further.
Wholesale food inflation, a measure of how costly the platter has become, grew 5.15% compared to the previous month’s 8.43%. Wholesale vegetable prices fell 4.88% in August on a year-on-year basis, while onion prices plunged 41%.
Prices of protein-rich food items such as pulses, milk, and fruits have risen faster that overall food prices growing at 7.81%, 12.18% and 20.31% in August.
As the tens of millions of people shift to higher standards of living, the focus is changing from basic needs of nutrition to such as rice and coarse grains to more aspirational protein-rich products, a trend that economists describe as structural inflation.
`Manufactured products inflation’—a broad index to gauge price movements of industrial goods—was only marginally lower at 3.45% in August compared to July’s 3.67%, but significantly higher than last August’s 2.31%.
In the current context, high manufactured products’ inflation implies greater demand and sales of consumer and investment goods, mirroring revival signs in the Indian economy that is battling to claw out of a quarter-century slump.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has made taming inflation one of its top priorities, despite business leaders clamouring for rate cuts.
"I have no desire to keep interest rates high for even a second longer. I want to bring down interest rates when it is feasible and that would be when we have won the fight against inflation," Rajan said in Mumbai.
"There is no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation pick-up again," Rajan said, adding that right now he thinks the central bank is continuing the way it proposed recently.
Retail inflation eased in August to 7.8% year-on-year from 7.96% the previous month, data showed last week, although that is still above the central bank's target of 6% by 2016.
Industry leaders have been ratecthing up their demand for lower borrowing costs to assist investment plans, critical to spin jobs and multiply income.
“Coming shortly before the monetary policy, this (low inflation rate) should also provide the necessary maneuvering space to the RBI, “ said Chandrajit Banerjee, CII director general.
Analysts, however, cautioned that the time to open the bubbly may be still far away as part of the fall in wholesale inflation, is also because of a high base effect—a statistical phenomenon that magnifies small changes, although the real fall may not be very large.
The rupee’s value—it fell 48 paise to close at 61.13 to a dollar on Monday—can also partly offset the gains from falling crude oil prices.
Every time the rupee depreciates by one rupee against the US dollar, the fuel subsidy bill bloats by Rs. 8000 crore is added to the fuel subsidy bill.
“It remains to be seen how agricultural produce prices move from here on and particularly in the October – November ’14 period given the monsoon this year has been delayed and largely subdued.
We do not expect any change in RBI’s policy stance later this month and thereby expect the repo rate to be status-quo at 8%,” Care Ratings, a credit ratings agency, said in a research report.

BJP-Sena talks still on  but firm on 150 seats: UddhavComments
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Monday rejected the Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) demand to contest 135 of Maharashtra’s 288 assembly seats in the October 15 polls, escalating tensions between the two oldest allies in the National Democratic alliance.
 
The spat over seat-sharing sparked speculation that the Shiv Sena may go it alone, but Thackeray said efforts are still on to work out a formula ahead of the elections.  The state BJP unit, too, is likely to ask party president Amit Shah when he visits from September 17-19 that they fight the elections on their own if the Sena doesn’t meet their demand.            
 
The assembly polls are seen as a key test of the BJP’s popularity after it charged to power on the back of what the party called a ‘Modi wave’ in the general election. Any falling out of the two allies could divide opposition votes, undermining the advantage the BJP gained after its impressive performance in the state in the April-May Lok Sabha election. This will probably help the Congress-led coalition retain power in one of the country’s politically-crucial states.
“Everything has an alternative. I have conveyed it to BJP that I can’t go beyond a point (over the number of seats to contest),” Thackeray said when asked whether the Sena was weighing the option of fighting the elections alone.
 
Tensions between the two parties grew on Sunday when BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis said his party had decided against talking to the Sena over the seat-sharing issue after the Sena chief took a dig at PM Narendra Modi during a television interview.
 
“In Maharashtra, the Modi factor worked (in the Lok Sabha polls). But the alliance parties must also be given credit. The Modi factor didn’t work in many states during the Lok Sabha elections,” Thackeray told the channel.
 
The Sena chief, sources said, conveyed to Fadnavis that his party will not agree to anything less than 155 seats. The party with the most legislators will have the bigger claim to the chief minister’s chair, analysts say. Thackeray has made it clear he has his eyes on the post.
 
The BJP and the Sena contested 119 and 169 seats in the previous assembly polls. The necessity to revisit the formula arose after four other parties joined the Mahayuti (grand alliance) that won 42 of the state’s 48 Lok Sabha constituencies in May. The Congress-NCP coalition, which has governed Maharashtra since 1999, got only six seats. The two parties are yet to reach a seat-sharing arrangement for the assembly polls.
 
However, the BJP’s Maharashtra in-charge, Rajiv Pratap Rudy, dismissed speculation over the nearly two-decade-old coalition’s stability. “There is nothing alarming as of now. Reports about a strain on the alliance are mere speculation,” he said over the phone from Mumbai.
 
The BJP said on Sunday that after allotting seats to smaller allies like RPI (A) and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, the two major Mahayuti constituents should take 135 seats each.

Google launches Android One devices at Rs. 6 399Google launched their much-awaited sub-$100 Android One smartphones on Monday, and in India would be available through domestic cellphone makers Micromax, Karbonn and Spice. Prices for the Android One would start from Rs. 6,399.
Karbonn Sparkle V (Photo: Snapdeal)
Looking to penetrate further into the mobile market in developing nations, the Google plans to roll out the Android One in Pakistan, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Philippines, and Sri Lanka in the coming months. The Android One would also be available on other platforms, including Acer, Xolo, HTC and Lenovo.
The Android One dual-sim smartphone would sport a 1.3 GHz quad-core MediaTek processor, 1 GB RAM, 4.5-inch screen, and a 5 MP rear camera. Though the internal storage is just 4 GB, it can be expanded up to 32 GB.  It would be available for purchase on major online shopping portals, and can be bought in retails stores from early October.
Spice Dream UNO (Photo: Flipkart)
Micromax will sell its Android One powered Canvas A1 on Amazon, Spice would sell Dream UNO on Flipkart and the Karbon Sparkle V would be available on Snapdeal. The Android One will face fierce competition in the under-Rs.10,000 smartphone market in India.
Online shopping portals are going all out to lure customers to buy the Android One. A host of gift vouchers aside, Snapdeal, Amazon and Flipkart are also throwing in an 8 GB memory card. Meanwhile, Airtel has partnered with Google to provide 100 MB/200 MB of data per month for 6 months for software updates and app downloads so users can stay updated with the latest version of Android.
Micromax Canvas A1 (Photo: Amazon)

500 feared dead in Mediterranean migrantshipwreckPrint
Agence-France Presse | Rome | Posted: September 15, 2014 5:10 pm
As many as 500 migrants could have died after traffickers rammed and sank their boat in the Mediterranean last week, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said on Sunday, quoting survivors.
Two Palestinians plucked from the water by a freighter on Thursday after their boat capsized near Malta told the organisation that there had been around 500 passengers on the vessel, which was wrecked on purpose by people smugglers.
“Two survivors brought to Sicily told us that there had been at least 500 people on board. Nine other survivors were rescued by Greek and Maltese ships, but all the rest appear to have perished,” Flavio Di Giacomo, IOM’s spokesman in Italy said.
Details of the shipwreck could not be independently verified.
According to the survivors, the Syrian, Palestinian, Egyptian and Sudanese migrants set out from Damietta in Egypt on September 6, and were forced to change boats several times during the crossing towards Europe.
The traffickers, who were on a separate boat, then ordered them onto another, smaller vessel, which many of the migrants feared was too small to hold them.
When they refused to cross over to the new boat, the furious traffickers reportedly rammed their boat until it capsized, the organisation said.
Italian police have opened an inquiry into the shipwreck. According to the Italian navy, some 2,380 migrants and asylum seekers were rescued over the weekend by Italy’s large-scale naval deployment dubbed “Mare Nostrum”, launched after over 400 people died in two shipwrecks last October.

Stock futures slip after China output  U.S. data on tapDow, S&P 500 end at records after U.S. data, Intel outlook
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Tech shares gave the market its biggest lift, along with energy. Boosting all three major indexes, Intel shares jumped 4.7 percent to $35.95, hitting their highest level since January 2002, after its 2015 revenue outlook was above Wall Street's expectations and the company raised its dividend.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
The S&P technology index rose 0.6 percent, while the energy index gained 1.1 percent.
Further supporting stocks, data showed factory activity in the U.S. mid-Atlantic region grew at its fastest pace in two decades, U.S. home resales jumped to their highest in more than a year in October, and a gauge of future U.S. economic activity gained.
Growth in the economy and earnings should bode well for stocks heading into next year, said Margaret Patel, senior portfolio manager at Wells Capital Management.
"Next year will be a reasonable to maybe a surprisingly good year," she said. "(There is) no reason in the world why we can't see P/Es expand." Patel said stocks could rise by a mid single-digit to high-teens percentage next year.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 33.27 points, or 0.19 percent, to 17,719, a record close. The S&P 500 gained 4.03 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,052.75, its 44th record high this year.
The Nasdaq Composite added 26.16 points, or 0.56 percent, to 4,701.87.
The Philadelphia Fed area "isn't a hub of industrial activity anymore but it's still important and it's strong," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group.
The upbeat U.S. data offset weakness overseas, including euro zone business growth that was slower than expected this month.
Best Buy added 7 percent to $38.02, among the S&P's largest percentage gainers, after better-than-expected profit.
Among the top Nasdaq decliners was Keurig Green Mountain, down 7.4 percent at $142.50, a day after it forecast fiscal first-quarter profit below analysts' estimates.
After the bell, Gap shares fell 4.9 percent to $38.19 following its results. Gap shares ended the regular session up 1.5 percent.
About 5.7 billion shares traded on U.S. exchanges, compared below 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 2,013 to 1,025, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,824 issues rose and 893 fell for a 2.04-to-1 ratio.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)

IIM Calcutta ranks 13th in Financial Times list of 70 B-schoolsIIM Calcutta ranks 13th in Financial Times’ list of 70 B-schools
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, Sept 15:  
IIM Calcutta has been ranked 13th amongst the 70 B-schools of the 2014 Financial Times (FT) Master in Management (MiM) ranking.
According to a release issued by IIM Calcutta, the institute made its debut in the list in 2013. Last year, it was ranked number 19.
“This year, it (the rank) has leaped 6 places from 2013, for its flagship Post Graduate Program. IIM Calcutta is the highest ranked non-European B-school with a prized positioning in the top cluster,” the release maintained.
Incidentally, IIM also tops the list of non-European B-schools. The ranking by MiM has 6 non-European schools in the list of top 70. The only other Indian school in the ranking is IIM Ahmedabad which is ranked 16.
According to Professor Ashok Banerjee, Dean, New Initiatives and External Relations (NIER), FT rankings are considered the gold standard amongst B-schools.
“We are happy and proud to make such progress in a single year. This is a significant milestone in our globalisation journey,” he was quoted as per the release.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Bosch to buy balance stake in steering systems maker ZF LenksystemeTweet
Bangalore, Sept 15:  
Bosch plans to increase its stake in German-based steering systems maker ZF Lenksysteme GmbH, which has a manufacturing centre in India to 100 per cent from 50 per cent.
The German-based company which has sales of over 4.1 billion euros, has more than 13,000 associates in eight countries. It develops, produces, and sells steering systems for passenger cars and commercial vehicles worldwide. With a total of 20 locations, the company is active in the world’s most important automotive markets.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Modi  Chinese President to witness signing of agreements in AhmedabadTweet
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Chinese President will witness the signing of some agreements in Ahmedabad on September 17.
A spokesman of Ministry of External Affairs said that the agreements in Ahmedabad relate to aspects of that region without getting into specifics as the Ministry does not get into specifics of agreements between India and another country till they are inked.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Strides partners with Gilead SciencesStrides Arcolab promoter bags deals from Gilead
Raghuvir Badrinath | Bangalore Sep 15, 2014 08:37 PM IST
Arun Kumar, the reclusive promoter of Bangalore-based Strides Arcolab and SeQuent Scientific, on Monday wrapped up two deals with global pharmaceutical major Gilead Sciences. Gilead Sciences announced that it has signed non-exclusive licensing agreement with seven India-based generic pharmaceutical manufacturers to expand access to its chronic hepatitis c medicines in developing countries.
As part of this transaction, while SeQuent Scientific has clinched the deal to produce active pharmaceutical ingredients - sofosbuvir and ledipasvir, Strides Arcolab has signed licensing agreements for both API and finished products.
SeQuent Scientific said in a statement that they will receive a complete technology pack from Gilead to enable scale up production of the APIs as quickly as possible. The formulations using these APIs can be distributed in 91 developing countries, which account for more than 100 million people living with hepatitis C, globally representing 54 per cent of the total global infected population.
According to information available, SeQuent will be manufacturing the APIs at its US FDA approved plant in Mangalore, while Strides will be executing at its plant in Bangalore.  
Arun Kumar, who during last year sold the specialties division  - Agila - under Strides for a good $1.6 billion to Mylan, is focusing extensively on building the residual pharma and biologics business under Strides while aggresively growing SeQuent’s business especially the animal healthcare business under Alivira Animal Health.
After raising around Rs 125 crore through the private equity route from Ascent Capital, Alivira - which is a JV between Shasun Pharmaceuticals and SeQuent's subsidiary -  during last week picked up 60 per cent stake in Turkey's Provet Veterinary Products for an undisclosed sum.  SeQuent CEO Manish Gupta said that this acquisition provides them the right platform to aggressively expand their veterinary formulations business in Middle East, Africa and Central European regions.
“Acquisition fast tracks Alivira's vision to become formidable player in global veterinary business,” the company said, adding with the agreement, Alivira gets access to the $400-million Turkish veterinary market.

Mastek eyes 900 cr revenue in FY15Mastek eyes 900 cr revenue in FY15
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 15, 2014 04:54 PM IST
Mastek, Mumbai-based listed IT firm, is looking at increasing its annual revenue to Rs 450 crore each from global insurance and non-insurance businesses in the current fiscal.
"As of March 31, 2014 our total annual turnover was around Rs 830 crore which was equally divided between the two verticals. However, we are looking at crossing the mark of Rs 900 crore by the fiscal-end from both the verticals, Rs 450 crore from each," Mastek group chief executive officer and managing director Sudhakar Ram told PTI here today.
It is in talks with life insurance companies including Aviva and Max New York life insurance to provide them software solutions. CSC is the other player in this space.
"We do believe that Indian insurance sector lacks in sectors like sophistication of claim processing, new business automated underwriting and distribution," he said.
Ram was speaking after the announcement of demerger of the insurance products and service business. While Mastek will handle non-insurance business, the new entity Majesco will handle the insurance business.
Majority of company's annual revenue, USD 80 million, comes from the US insurance market.
"Our annual revenue earning from the US insurance market last year was at around USD 63 million," director-marketing Ketan Mehta said.
The company is providing its services to 80 US firms.
"Though our earnings from Indian insurance sector currently is as low as USD 2 million, we are bullish towards making it big in the country's growing insurance sector. We are also looking at getting business from the forthcoming common third party administrator comprising all the four state - owned general insurers which is likely to become operational since April next year," Mehta said.

India  Vietnam ink 7 pacts; call for freedom ofnavigationPress Trust of India | Hanoi | Posted: September 15, 2014 5:31 pm
Strategically important oil and gas cooperation and extension of a USD 100 million credit by India for defence purchases are among the seven pacts inked between India and Vietnam as they called for “freedom” of navigation in the South China Sea, a remark that could irk China which has been claiming territorial sovereignty over the high seas.
The agreements were signed during the second day of the four-day state visit of President Pranab Mukherjee who held talks with his Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang here.
Both the countries decided to strengthen and deepen bilateral ties on the basis of the strategic partnership with focus on political, defence and security cooperation.
They decided to step up collaboration in the economic sector, science and technology, culture and people-to-people links.
In a subtle message to China, India and Vietnam, who established strategic ties in 2007, asserted that the freedom of navigation in the disputed waters of the resource-rich South China Sea should not be “impeded” and called all the parties “concerned” to exercise restraint in this context.
“The leaders reiterated their desire and determination to work together to maintain peace, stability, growth and prosperity in Asia. They agreed that freedom of navigation in the East Sea/South China Sea should not be impeded and called the parties concerned to exercise restraint, avoid threat or use of force and resolve disputes through peaceful means in accordance with universally recognised principles of
international law, including the UNCLOS-1982,” said a joint communique issued after the meeting.
China has been exerting its influence in these waters which is not taken well by Vietnam and other bordering countries like the Philippines. Beijing has also objected to India’s exploration projects in the Vietnamese oil blocks.
Among the seven pacts inked, a Letter of Intent (LoI) was signed between the ONGC Videsh Limited (OVL) and Vietnam Oil and Gas Group (PetroVietnam).
The LoI is aimed at further consolidating cooperation between India and Vietnam in energy sector and pave the way for future collaboration between the two countries.
The two sides urged for “collective commitment of the concerned parties to abide by and implement the 2002 Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea and to work towards the adoption of a Code of Conduct in the South China Sea on the basis of consensus.
“They called for cooperation in ensuring security of sea-lanes, maritime security, combating piracy and conducting search and rescue operations,” it said.
India and Vietnam also signed an MoU on extension of USD 100 million Line of Credit to Hanoi for defence procurement.

Bypoll results tomorrow  stakes high forBJPPrint
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 5:14 pm
Counting of votes will be held on Tuesday in three Lok Sabha and 33 assembly constituencies spread across 10 states where bypolls were held on September 13, with stakes high for BJP.
The three Lok Sabha seats are in Vadodara (Gujarat), vacated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Mainpuri (Uttar Pradesh) and Medak (Telangana) while 11 assembly constituencies are in UP, nine in Gujarat, four in Rajasthan, two in West Bengal, five in Northeastern states and one each in Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh.
24 of these assembly seats were held by BJP and one each by its allies Apna Dal and TDP.
After BJP’s near-total sweep of the 80 seats in Uttar Pradesh in Lok Sabha polls just four months ago, it is to be seen whether the party can retain its 10 seats. One seat was earlier with its ally Apna Dal.
Last month, the saffron party had received a jolt in assembly byelections suffering a 4-6 defeat at the hands of the RJD-JD(U)-Congress alliance in Bihar and yielding two strongholds to Congress in Karnataka and Madhya Pradesh.
Tomorrow’s bypoll results, seen as yet another test of Narendra Modi government’s popularity since it assumed power in May, are also important as BJP is preparing for polls in Haryana and Maharashtra next month where it hopes to oust the Congress.
Around 53 per cent votes were polled in the seats in UP, including Mainpuri vacated by Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav. SP has fielded Tej Pratap Singh Yadav, the grandson of Mulayam’s elder brother and the challenge for it is not just to win the seat again but also to maintain the big margin.
The 11 assembly seats in UP, whose outcome may be a pointer to which way the political wind is blowing in the run up to 2017 assembly polls, are Saharanpur Nagar, Noida, Thakurdwara, Bijnor, Nighasan, Balha, Sirathu, Rohaniya, Hamirpur, Charkhari and Lucknow East.
In Rajasthan, it is a close contest between main opposition Congress and the ruling BJP, which would try to retain all four seats and maintain a tally of 163 in the House of 200. The four assembly seats in Rajasthan saw a voting figure of 66 per cent.
The counting of votes would begin in four district headquarters of Jhunjhunu, Ajmer, Kota and Bharatpur tomorrow at 0800 hrs, Chief Electoral Officer Govind Sharma said in Jaipur.
Trinamool Congress is hoping to retain two assembly seats of Basirhat Dakshin and Chowringhee in West Bengal in the face of Saradha chit fund scam that has already ensnared some of its leaders.
In Gujarat, Narendra Modi’s successor as chief minister Anandiben Patel is facing her first big test with the bypolls in Vadodara LS seat and in nine assembly constituencies, all held by BJP earlier.
It is the first election in Gujarat in more than 12 years that BJP fought without its star campaigner Modi.

August trade deficit dips to $10.84 billion versus $12.2 billion in JulyYou are here: Home > Collections > Inflation
August trade deficit dips to $10.84 billion versus $12.2 billion in July
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 05.32PM IST
Tags:
coal exports
(Gold imports in August saw…)
NEW DELHI: Trade deficit for the month of August dipped to $10.84 billion versus $12.2 billion in July. This is 2.2% rise from $10.60 billion last year. The April-August trade deficit now stands at $56.15 billion versus $70.60 billion YoY.
While exports in August increased marginally to $26.96 billion versus $26.25 billion YoY, the imports rose to $37.80 billion versus $36.85 billion YoY. The April-August exports now stand at $134.8 billion, up 7.3% YoY. On the other hand, April-August imports have dipped to $190.95 billion, down 2.7% YoY.
Gold imports in August saw a bump-up to $2.04 billion, up 175.5% YoY. The oil imports were reported at $12.84 billion, down 15% YoY. The non-oil imports came in at $24.96 billion, up 13.8% YoY. Exports of gems, jewellery declined 10.3% YoY to $3.23 billion.
Earlier in the day, Wholesale Price Index (WPI) for the month of August shrunk to a five-year low of 3.74% versus 5.19% in July. This is much below an ET Now poll of 4.4%.
The August WPI inflation is the lowest since October 2009 when it stood at 1.8 per cent. The WPI for June has been revised to 5.6% versus 5.43% earlier.
The primary articles inflation dipped to 3.89% in August versus 6.78% in July. The manufactured products inflation came in at 3.45% versus 3.67% in July. The food price index dipped substantially to 5.15% versus 8.43% in July. The fuel & power inflation was reported at 4.54% versus 7.40% in July.
While the news was greeted with cheer, most analysts are of the opinion that the Reserve Bank of India's (RBI) tough stand on inflation will continue, since it is the Consumer Price Index ( CPI ) that the central bank tracks.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mahindra  Davis to offer scholarship worth $...You are here: Home > Collections > Funding
Mahindra Group, Shelby Davis to offer $ 12.5 million scholarship funding
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 05.30PM IST
Tags:
India
(Of the total funding, Shelby…)
MUMBAI: Mahindra Group and UWC International patron Shelby M C Davis today joined hands to offer $ 12.5 million scholarship funding over the next five years for the students of UWC colleges in India and abroad.
Of the total funding, Shelby Davis will fund $ 7.5 million while Mahindara's commitment will be $ 5 million, Mahindra Group Chairman Anand Mahindra said here today.
Set up in 1997, UWC Mahindra College is a residential school near Pune with around 250 students, from India as well as overseas.
"Our goal is to have UWC Mahindra College, as much as possible, a completely need-based mission, which will largely be met by this donation," Mahindra said.
Of the $ 7.5 million contribution of Shelby Davis, $ 5 million will be the additional funding for the Davis scholarships which already finance education of more than 100 American students at UWC Mexico and 13 other UWC colleges.
The remaining $ 2.5 million will go to Davis international scholarships at every UWC college.
The Mahindra Group will contribute $ 5 million in support of need-based scholarship for students at UWC Mahindra College and these funds are expected to support 50 new scholarship each year, 25 for the Indian students and another 25 for students selected by the UWC national committee in other countries.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Mangalyaan on track: 5 things to know about India s Mars Orbiter MissionComments
India's ambitious Mars Orbiter Mission, scheduled to enter the orbit of the Red Planet on September 24, is in the "pink of health" and sending vital information from 211 million km away after covering 95% of its journey, the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) has said.
A file photo of Mars Orbiter Mission spacecraft. Pic courtsey: ISRO website
“MOM keeps sending us vital information about the health of its various modules and measurements from sensors. This is called Telemetry signal. The telemetry has confirmed that MOM is in the pink of health,” the Isro posted on Twitter on Saturday.
“MOM uses 2.2m High Gain Antenna to send us signals from the present distance of 211 million kilometre,” it added. The Isro said the spacecraft was less than “four million kilometres” away from mars.
Here are 5 things to know about India's Mars Orbiter Mission:
1. Close to its destination
The MOM will perform the crucial Mars orbit insertion (MOI) manoeuvre when it is in the shadow of Mars. With the solar panels not receiving any sunlight, the battery will then supply all the power required for this operation.
The spacecraft is slated to enter the Mars atmosphere on September 24 around 7.30am. Scientists would undertake a challenging task on September 24 when they would restart the onboard liquid engine, which has been in sleep mode for nearly 300 days, for a critical manoeuvre of the spacecraft.
2. MOM will follow MAVEN on Mars
NASA’s Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution (MAVEN) spacecraft is expected to enter the orbit around Mars on September 21, three days before the MOM.  Both the MOM and the MAVEN were launched into space last year.
3. Objectives
One of the main objectives of the MOM is to develop the technologies required for design, planning, management and operations of an interplanetary mission. The other major objectives of the mission are:
# Deep space communication, navigation, mission planning and management.
# Exploration of Mars surface features, morphology, mineralogy and Martian atmosphere by indigenous scientific instruments.
# The MOM will also study the atmosphere of Mars, using a methane gas sniffer. On Earth, methane can have both geological and biological origins, so detecting it on Mars could suggest the presence of Martian microbes, Indian scientists say.
# The mission will also look at Mars' minerology, morphology and surface features.
3. The payloads
Dissambled view of the MOM spacecraft. Pic courtsey: ISRO website
The MOM carries five scientific payloads to observe the Martian surface, atmosphere and exosphere extending up to 80,000 km for a detailed understanding of the evolution of the planet. These payloads consist of a camera, two spectrometers, a radiometer and a photometer. Together, they have a weight of about 15 kg.
# Lyman Alpha Photometer (LAP)
The Lyman Alpha Photometer (LAP) is an absorption cell photometer. It measures the relative abundance of deuterium and hydrogen from lyman-alpha emission in the Martian upper atmosphere (typically Exosphere and exobase). Measurement of D/H (Deuterium to Hydrogen abundance Ratio) allows scientists to understand the possible process of loss of water from the planet.
# Mars Color Camera (MCC)
This tri-colour Mars colour camera gives images and information about the surface features and composition of the Martian surface. They are useful to monitor the dynamic events and weather of Mars. The MCC will also be used for probing the two satellites of Mars — Phobos and Deimos. It also provides the context information for other science payloads.
The other components are Mars Exospheric Neutral Composition Analyser (MENCA), Methane Sensor for Mars (MSM) and  Thermal Infrared Imaging Spectrometer (TIS).
Dissambled view of the MOM spacecraft. Pic courtsey: ISRO website
4. India’s road to the elite club
Probes to Mars have a high failure rate. Of the 51 missions so far, only 21 have been successful. A similar mission by China, which beat India to the Moon, failed in 2011. Only the US, Europe, and Russia have sent probes that have orbited or landed on the planet.
If the MOM succeeds at entering the orbit around Mars, India will be the fourth international entity credited with accomplishing that task.
5. Cost and size of the mission
The gold-coloured MOM probe is almost the size of a small car. The cost of the mission is $73 million, less than a sixth of the $455 million earmarked for the Nasa’s MAVEN.
Video | ISRO's Mars Orbiter Mission in A Nutshell
(With inputs from PTI, IANS, ISRO website)

LIC eases claims settlement rules for J&K flood victimsLIC eases claims settlement rules for J&K flood victims
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
LIC has relaxed claim settlement procedure for those affected in floods in Jammu and Kashmir and a special help desk has been set up for expeditious claim processing.
LIC has extended concessions and relaxations to claimants with respect to settlement of death and disability benefit claims, the largest insurance company said in a statement.
“These concessions are in the nature of simplified death claim settlement, proof of death or missing, loss of policy document etc, similar to concessions and relaxations extended to the victims of floods and landslides in Uttarakhand in June 2013,” it said.
In addition, for policyholders residing in the flood affected areas, LIC has extended waiver of interest on the overdue premium, it said.
LIC has set up special help desk at Srinagar divisional office and Northern zonal office at New Delhi to facilitate expeditious settlement of claims.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Android One no big deal for India | Smartphones between Rs 6K-7K | HighlightsIs Google's Android One still a big deal for India?
By Karan Bajaj, ET Bureau | 16 Sep, 2014, 04.31AM IST
It's a tough battle and Google needs to step up the Android One game. There is nothing that sets these devices apart anymore. (In pic: Karbonn Sparkle V)
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
When Android One was announced by Google earlier this year, it seemed like a step that would revolutionise the entry-level smartphone market. Android One would deliver the latest version of Android to the consumer and minimum hardware specifications would be set by Google for optimum performance. Android One smartphones had to have a 4.5-inch display, dual SIM support, expandable storage and dual cameras - and all of this was promised for less than US$ 100 (Rs 6,500 roughly).
Today, Android One devices have been launched in India by three brands - Karbonn, Micromax and Spice. All three are priced less than Rs 7,000 and stick to the requirements set by Google. However, times have changed since the first announcement - there is nothing that sets these devices apart anymore.
Image of a Micromax Canvas A1
Back in June, the entry-level smartphone market was just opening up. Motorola launched its Moto E in May 2014 for Rs 6,999. Moto E delivered the latest Android OS on a 4.3-inch display powered by a dual core Snapdragon 200, 1GB RAM and expandable storage. Micromax followed suit with the Unite 2 - a phone running Android 4.4 on a 4.7-inch display for the same price that was powered by a quad core processor. In a nutshell, what Google had promised was already available at the time of announcement and was already selling like hot cakes.
Come August, Xiaomi announced the launch of their Redmi 1S in India. The phone offers a 4.7-inch 720p HD display (higher resolution than Android One), a Qualcomm quad core processor (future Android One phones will have Qualcomm - currently, only Mediatek), 1GB RAM, expandable storage and a really good 8MP camera for Rs 5,999! XIaomi's MIUI interface offers a richer user experience than stock Android with its nifty set of enhancements. Flipkart sold 40,000 units in less than 3 seconds in both of the flash sales they have conducted so far for the Redmi 1S.
So now, it seems that Android One devices are more expensive than the Redmi offer lower specifications. One could also argue that the three Android One devices are more or less identical in specifications except for colour and branding. The only clear advanatage is that Android One will have software updates pushed by Google as soon as they are available for the next two years - similar to the Nexus range of Google devices.
However, for most Indian users, being the first to get the latest Android software update is not a big priority. They would probably prefer a value-for-money device that gives them good performance, a bigger screen, excellent battery life and a good camera. All of which is already available from phones by Motorola, Asus, Xiaomi and Micromax. It's a tough battle and Google needs to step up the Android One game.

50% of rich Chinese mulling to leave the co...Results show that "better educational and employment opportunities for their children is main pull factor for Chinese high net worth individuals"
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BEIJING: Nearly half of China's super-wealthy individuals are considering leaving the country, a survey said today, with most citing better overseas educational and employment opportunities for their children.
The global survey of 2,000 high net worth individuals by Barclays Wealth found that 47 per cent of the wealthy Chinese who were questioned plan to move overseas within the next five years.
The Chinese semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong is their preferred destination, cited by 30 per cent of respondents, followed by Canada with 23 per cent - although earlier this year Ottawa closed an immigrant investor visa scheme that had been popular among wealthy Chinese.
The results show that "better educational and employment opportunities for their children is the main pull factor for Chinese high net worth individuals", according to the survey.
China has seen double-digit economic expansion in recent decades but faces mounting uncertainty over its pace of growth.
Its economic expansion has also come at great environmental cost - particularly in large cities such as Beijing and Shanghai - another factor among the country's super-wealthy in considering a move overseas.
The survey also found that a significant share of Singapore's wealthy - 23 per cent - plan a move abroad in the next five years, even as the city-state remains a top destination for Hong Kong's rich.
In Hong Kong 16 per cent of the wealthy said they plan to move, with 44 per cent of these naming Singapore as their destination. Another 31 per cent anticipated going to China.
Around the world, a little over half - 57 per cent - of super-rich individuals have only lived in one country, with 20 per cent having lived in three or more.

Wipro Arabia bags deal from Saudi Electricit...You are here: Home > Collections
Wipro Arabia bags deal from Saudi Electricity Company
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 05.53PM IST
Tags:
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
(SEC is the largest power…)
NEW DELHI: Wipro Arabia, a subsidiary of India's third largest IT firm Wipro, has bagged a contract from Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company (SEC) for implementing and rolling out plant maintenance and project system functionality of SAP ERP application.
No financial details were disclosed. SEC is the largest power utility company in the Middle East serving approximately five million customers in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA).
"As part of this engagement, Wipro will implement and rollout the plant maintenance and project system functionality of the SAP ERP application for SEC's distribution business line across KSA ," it said in a statement.
The SAP ERP-based system is expected to go live in the next 10 months.
Once implemented, it is expected to enable the power utility company to have an integrated system that offers centralised and standardised processes across its plants, it added.
This will help ensure uptime of distribution networks, expense controls and effective utilisation of assets.
"We have traditionally had a strong position in the utilities space in the global market, and this will allow us to further strengthen our leadership in this space in KSA," Wipro Arabia General Manager and Head Thomas George said.
The deployment will help SEC to methodically migrate existing data from current digitised and manually maintained systems to SAP Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) solution.
In addition, the solution will help SEC to streamline day-to-day operations and increase operational and financial efficiencies.
"With this program, we will be able to scale up our operations in a significant way and seamlessly manage our distribution networks. Wipro's deep domain capability and technology-leadership will help us deliver cost-effective services and serve our large customer base in an efficient manner," Eng Mohammad A Al-Nahari , NEBRAS Program Executive Director, Saudi Electricity Company said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

No question of demolishing Ram Sethu: Nitin ...NDA
("There is no question of…)
NEW DELHI: Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari today asserted that Ram Sethu structure will not be demolished for the construction of Sethusamudram shipping canal project.
"There is no question of demolition of the Ram Sethu," he said in a press conference to mark the NDA-led government's 100 days in office.
The central government has given RITES, a state-owned consultancy organisation in transport, infrastructure sectors, the task of preparing alternatives available to save the structure, which holds religious significance for Hindus.
According to Hindu legends, the structure was built by Lord Rama and his army of apes and monkeys to reach Lanka.
"We had given the work to RITES (Rail India Technical and Economic Service) for providing us with the alternatives, we have received their suggestions and will take this matter to the Cabinet for its consideration in a month's time," Gadkari said.
Last month, the minister had said in Parliament that his ministry would make efforts to see that the navigation system is put in place without damaging the structure.
The proposal to build the Sethusamudram shipping canal project for dredging was for navigation of large ships and creating fishing and shipping harbours in the coastal areas.
At present, India-bound ships from the eastern coast have to circle around the entire island of Sri Lanka to reach Tuticorin, Chennai, Vizag, Paradip and other ports.
Meanwhile, the central government is also planning a 'Jalmarg Yojna' in the near future for better development of National Waterways, the minister said.
He added while the cost per kilometre on travelling in a water way is 50 paise, it is Re 1 by train and Rs 1.50 by road.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Bain  Carlyle in talks to buy major stake in...Bain, Carlyle in talks to buy majority stake in India's Famy Care
By Reuters | 15 Sep, 2014, 05.39PM IST
Hong Kong based AIF Capital will sell its 10-15 per cent stake along with Famy promoters, said the sources, who declined to be named as the transaction is not yet public.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
MUMBAI: US private equity funds Bain Capital LLC and Carlyle Group LP are in separate talks to buy up to a 75 per cent stake in Famy Care Ltd for about $400-$450 million, two sources with direct knowledge of the matter told Reuters.
Another private equity fund, Warburg Pincus, is also holding separate discussions to buy a controlling stake in the Mumbai-based drug maker of contraceptive pills for women, the sources said.
Hong Kong based AIF Capital will sell its 10-15 per cent stake along with Famy promoters, said the sources, who declined to be named as the transaction is not yet public.
The sources did not specify which specific promoters were selling their stakes.
"An official auction process is on. Final bids are expected by month-end," said one of the sources.
Bain, Carlyle and Warburg Pincus declined to comment, while Famy Care and AIF Capital did not respond to emails or calls seeking comment.
Unlisted Famy Care produces contraceptive pills, injectables and devices, according to its web site.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Land Acquisition Act: Govt seeks consensus f...You are here: Home > Collections > Consensus
Government seeks consensus for changes in Land Acquisition Act
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 05.38PM IST
Tags:
Congress
("Leaders of the parties…)
NEW DELHI: Government today sought "consensus" to bring changes in the Land Acquisition Act to make it more investor-friendly but said it was not happening due to the "contradictory views" within political parties which are wanting changes in the legislation.
Rural Development Minister Nitin Gadkari also hit out at the "microscopic minority" of Opposition leaders for stalling the government's efforts to build consensus on bringing changes in the key farmer-friendly Act passed during the UPA's period.
The minister said he was "confused". "The issue is the microscopic minority leaders sitting in Delhi. Their practical chief ministers are saying something. They are giving in writing (the need for bringing changes in the Act). These people (microscopic minority leaders) are saying something else. I am confused," Gadkari said reacting to questions on the status of the government's efforts to bring changes in the Land Acquisition Act.
Replying to the Opposition's allegations that the government was bringing changes in the Act to please the industry, he also made it clear that the priority of the NDA was welfare of poor and there was "no question of reducing compensation package for farmers whose land is acquired for projects".
"Leaders from every political party were telling me in writing to bring changes in the Act... I wish to make it clear that whenever there will be a consensus on the matter, then the government will take a decision. There is no general consensus on the issue right now," the minister said at a press conference convened to highlight the achievements of his ministries during the first 100 days of the new government.
"Leaders of the parties which have presence in Parliament are saying that you do something to bring changes in Land Acquisition Act. These are people from the CPI (M), Congress , NCP and BJP...," Gadkari said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

SPML Infra: Board meeting on Sept 18  2014Sep 15, 2014, 06.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
SPML Infra: Board meeting on Sept 18, 2014
SPML Infra has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 18, 2014, to discuss and consider the various options of fund raising.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
SPML Infra: Board meeting on Sept 18, 2014
SPML Infra has informed that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 18, 2014, to discuss and consider the various options of fund raising.
Post your opinion here
 
SPML Infra Ltd has informed BSE that a meeting of the Board of Directors of the Company will be held on September 18, 2014, inter alia, to discuss and consider the various options of fund raising.Source : BSE

Chandra Prabhu International: Appointment of compliance officerSep 15, 2014, 06.07 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Chandra Prabhu International: Appointment of compliance officer
Chandra Prabhu International has informed that Ms. Bhawna Singh, who has been appointed as a Company Secretary of the Company has been designated as Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from September 04, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Chandra Prabhu International: Appointment of compliance officer
Chandra Prabhu International has informed that Ms. Bhawna Singh, who has been appointed as a Company Secretary of the Company has been designated as Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from September 04, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
Chandra Prabhu International Ltd has informed BSE that Ms. Bhawna Singh, who has been appointed as a Company Secretary of the Company has been designated as Compliance Officer of the Company with effect from September 04, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

High Street Filatex: Outcome of AGMSep 15, 2014, 06.05 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
High Street Filatex: Outcome of AGM
High Street Filatex has informed that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 15, 2014.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
High Street Filatex: Outcome of AGM
High Street Filatex has informed that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 15, 2014.
Post your opinion here
 
High Street Filatex Ltd has informed BSE that the 20th Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company was held on September 15, 2014.Source : BSE
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Politics won t hamper development works in Bengal: GadkariPolitics won t hamper development works in Bengal: Gadkari
Williamson Magor Company: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)Williamson Magor Company: Disclosure of voting results of AGM (Clause 35A)
SC asks J-K Govt. to boost up relief operations: ReportsSC asks J-K Govt. to boost up relief operations: Reports
UCIL s Jaduguda mine closure to impact N-power outputUCIL s Jaduguda mine closure to impact N-power output
No ind director in CIL  MCL power project nod may be delayedNo ind director in CIL  MCL power project nod may be delayed
40 years ago.. and now: How the Mahindra Group survived crisisHi Guest
40 years ago.. and now: How the Mahindra Group survived crisis
The Mahindra Group survived the oil crisis of 1973 with a simple innovation - replacing its Jeep's Hurricane engine with a customised version of its diesel tractor engine. I (Bharat Doshi, non-executive director, Mahindra Group) joined the Mahindra Group in 1973, just before the oil crisis hit the world. At that time, Mahindra had a monopoly on jeeps, selling about 14,000 vehicles a year, costing about Rs 35,000 each. We were cruising nicely and then the oil crisis hit us. Oil prices ...

Brunch Coming To McDonald s!reddit
McDonald's needs something attention grabbing, innovative and appealing, as is clear from the -2.8% drop in U.S. same-store sales for August reported this week. That need for something fresh and different may be why BurgerBusiness.com has learned that McDonald's Corp. in July filed a federal trademark registration (application #86345988) for the term "McBrunch."
A McDonald's spokesperson confirmed the application but cautioned, "We routinely file intent to use trademark applications as a regular course of business. We can't share details at this time as to how the trademarks may or may not be used."
It's possible that McDonald's will just keep the trademark in its back pocket for now. It has done so before. In fact, the company applied for a trademark on "McBrunch" in 2001 but abandoned that application. But the brunch idea seems to be back under consideration more seriously this time, in part because of the continuing poor sales performance. McDonald's has been showing increased interest in upscale morning fare: Earlier this year it tested breakfast pastries in San Diego and mini bundt cakes in Boca Raton, Fla., and Nevada.
Four years ago, Burger King briefly tested a brunch menu in Massachusetts and Florida. The menu included nonalcoholic mimosas, a BK Ciabatta Breakfast Sandwich and its signature Whopper burger. The brunch idea didn't work, but Burger King in May launched a "Burgers at Breakfast" program with Whoppers offered in the morning.
So how might McBrunch work at McDonald's were it to be launched? One path would be the route it has chosen in Germany, where breakfast hours are extended beyond 10:30 a.m. on weekends and major holidays. Breakfast already has been extended "backwards" through the "McDonald's After Midnight" hybrid breakfast/dinner menu from midnight to 4 a.m. Brunch could be a weekend-only event with a special menu.
Chains are working hard to develop distinctive breakfast menu items, as evidenced by Taco Bell's new Biscuit Taco and IHOP's new "Waffullicious Waffles" with ingredients such as bacon and cheese baked in. To compete with breakfast options such as that, McBrunch would need something more than the current McMuffins and McGriddles. McDonald's is leery of expanding the menu with new items, but here are 10 breakfast foods already on its menus around the world that it should consider for a McBrunch menu in the U.S.:
Massive McMuffin (on McDonald's breakfast menu in New Zealand; above): Two sausage patties, bacon, a freshly cracked egg, a slice of cheese and ketchup on a hot toasted English Muffin. Now this says brunch.
Frukostmackan (Sweden; above): Think outside the breakfast sandwich box. Sweden does. This morning sandwich has smoked ham, Wästgöta Abbey cheese, crispy lettuce, butter and sun-ripened tomato on freshly baked bread.
McMuffin Fresh Chicken (Germany; above): Dress up the McMuffin for brunch like the Germans do. Crispy breaded chicken, spicy cheese, crisp lettuce and tomatoes are topped off with a mild sauce on a toasted muffin.
FIT Sandwich (Serbia; above): For the health-conscious brunch eater. Ham, cheese, Bun, deluxe sauce, chopped w ham, cheese, arugula, tomato.
BLT Bagel (Canada; above): You have the Steak, Egg & Cheese Bagel already and it rocks. But brunch needs its own bagel creation. This couldn't be simpler: Hickory-smoked bacon, sliced tomato and crisp lettuce, topped with creamy mayonnaise-style sauce served on a freshly baked regular or multigrain bagel.
Tsukimi Burger (Japan; above): Brunch requires a breakfast burger so how about this one from Japan? Beef, smoky bacon, creamy tomato sauce and an egg on a sesame-seed bun. Burger King has introduced a Breakfast Whopper in New Zealand and it's only a matter of time before that's on the U.S. menu. McDonald's should move fast.
Breakfast Roll (Ireland; above): A breakfast sandwich with a heartier profile. Sausage, Irish bacon and an Irish egg in a crispy roll served with ketchup or brown sauce.
McMorning (Croatia; above): Think of it as a morning McRib. Pork patties, rösti (potato fritters with onions), two slices of bacon, a slice of melted Cheddar, tomato, lettuce and a special sauce. Pork and bacon together? Brunch, baby.
Veg Pizza McPuff (India; above): Something for the vegetarians and the global-cuisine fans. Add a crisp brown crust with "a generous helping of rich tomato sauce mixed with carrots, bell peppers, beans, onions, peas and gooey mozzarella." Not the traditional American breakfast food, maybe, but who doesn't like leftover pizza on a weekend morning?
Sausage N' Egg Twisty Pasta (Hong Kong; above): OK, this one might be a bit of a stretch. Twisty pasta, fresh eggs and sizzling sausage together with hot chicken or tonkotsu (pork) broth and greens. But let's see Taco Bell match this.
McDonald's could pick just two of these items -- they're all better ideas than biscuit tacos -- and have the beginnings of a delightful McBrunch program.
Follow BurgerBusiness on Twitter: www.twitter.com/BurgerBusiness
More:

Krugman Rips Father Of The Tea Partykrugman rips father of the tea party
T-Mobile adds record 552 000 postpaid customers in August0
The company has turned around years of subscriber losses through aggressive promotions in the past year and a half. The wave of new subscribers was in part due to the popularity of a promotion that allows customers to add four lines for $100 a month, according to Legere.
"The company is on fire," he said.
The carrier added a total of 2.75 million customers in August, the largest number of monthly subscriber additions in its history, it announced at a company event on Wednesday.
Legere also said that the ratio of subscribers moving from rival Sprint Corp to T-Mobile was 17 to 1 at the height of T-Mobile's Contract Freedom campaign, a promotion launched in January, whereby the company pays early termination fees for subscribers who switch to its network.
The ratio of customers moving from Sprint to T-Mobile is now around 2.3 to 1, Legere said.
In August, T-Mobile rejected a $15 billion bid by France's Iliad as too low. Shortly thereafter, Sprint's $40 billion bid for T-Mobile unraveled under resistance from U.S. regulators who expressed the desire to maintain four competitors in the marketplace.
Multiple companies are still interested in T-Mobile US, Legere said, but he declined to be more specific.
"For now the thought process for us is that we are in a position of strength," he said. "We are a company that has a viable standalone path but a brand and capability that people are interested in."
(Reporting by Marina Lopes; editing by Chizu Nomiyama and G Crosse)

NY Times Hammers Congress  Obama Over ISIS Warreddit
The New York Times editorial board sharply criticized President Obama on Friday for attempting to wage a new military campaign in the Middle East without Congressional approval—and Congress for allowing him to do so.
Obama's assertion that the 2002 Congressional authorization to attack Al Qaeda covers his campaign against ISIS has been met with deep skepticism , but Congress appears more than willing to allow the president to bomb Iraq and Syria without further approval for some time.
Here's what Republican Jack Kingston, who wants to vote on the matter, told the Times in another story:
“It’s an election year. A lot of Democrats don’t know how it would play in their party, and Republicans don’t want to change anything. We like the path we’re on now. We can denounce it if it goes bad, and praise it if it goes well and ask what took him so long.”
The Times editorial board did not take kindly to this turn of events:
The cowardice in Congress, never to be underestimated, is outrageous. Some lawmakers have made it known that they would rather not face a war authorization vote shortly before midterm elections, saying they’d rather sit on the fence for a while to see whether an expanded military campaign starts looking like a success story or a debacle. By avoiding responsibility, they allow President Obama free rein to set a dangerous precedent that will last well past this particular military campaign.
Mr. Obama, who has spent much of his presidency seeking to wean the United States off a perpetual state of war, is now putting forward unjustifiable interpretations of the executive branch’s authority to use military force without explicit approval from Congress.
Read the full editorial here .
More:

Psst! Disability Competitiveness: Pass It On!reddit
Just because I have a disability -- my right leg was amputated when I was 5 -- doesn't make me an expert on issues relating to disability and employment.  Like everyone else, I have to work at educating myself on facts and realities for people with disabilities in the same way I read up on research about, say, women's leadership or African-Americans in the workplace.
Recently, I came across something new in the disability space that made me sit up and take notice -- and I immediately wanted to share it far and wide.
Meg O'Connell, Managing Partner of a breakthrough new company called Global Disability Inclusion shared with me that her most impactful work at the moment is helping companies "Evolve toward Disability Competitiveness."
"Doesn't that sound like an oxymoron?" I asked her. "What does 'Disability Competitiveness' mean?"
Here's our dialog on the subject:
MEG: A company has Disability Competitiveness when they are savvy about (1)Attracting talent with disabilities; (2) Maximizing the contribution of people with disabilities whom they already employ; and (3) Positioning themselves to capture a leading share in the over $225 billion market opportunity that people with disabilities represent.  By leveraging their ability to understand and engage people with disabilities (PWDs), companies can increase their profitability and gain a competitive advantage.
BONNIE: It seems to me that most organizations are only beginning to eliminate discrimination against people with disabilities in the workplace; very few are actually treating disability as a competitive advantage.   That's rare.
MEG: It is an emerging concept.  Including people with disabilities in the talent pool, and as a target market, is not new but it is one that only a handful of businesses recognize and have worked toward over the past decade.
Leading companies in this space, like Walgreens and Nordstrom, have long understood the benefits of employing and marketing to those with disabilities...and both have reaped the benefits.
We are showing more and more companies a vision of where they could be, illuminating the road map to get there and, in the process, making it clear to them whether they are near the beginning, middle or end of that journey toward real inclusion for People with Disabilities.
BONNIE: I like that a lot.  If you can make it easier for a team or an organization to talk about disability issues and see the path ahead, then we can begin to change together, to "evolve" as you put it.  So, what are the steps on your road map?
MEG: In its simplest terms, what we have created is a maturity matrix.  In our work with companies we help them see disability inclusion not just as a "check-the-box" exercise to become compliant but instead as a competitive advantage. Our model breaks this progress into five stages:
1. Not Important or Not on my Radar: This is the stage the majority of companies have been stuck at for over 25 years.  There will always be companies where the leadership just isn't thinking about disability as a business issue.
2. Compliance: With the recently released Department of Labor regulations about employing PWDs, many companies quickly moved from the "not important" stage to the "compliance" stage.  Compliance is how most other diversity groups historically got their push in corporate America.  At this stage, companies are updating systems and processes just enough to pass an audit. There will be a large group of companies that will never leave this stage.  Either they won't know how, or they won't see or understand the opportunity to keep pushing ahead.
3. Competence: At this stage, companies are building their core competencies around disability inclusion: they are adjusting policies and procedures, creating programs, and training all employees on disability inclusion.  We also begin to see shifts from viewing disability as a charitable endeavor to viewing disability as part of their overall diversity efforts.
4. Confidence: Companies here are developing a mastery of disability inclusion.  Dedicated in-house professionals are on hand to respond to disability needs.  Applicants, candidates and employees know where to go to get their questions answered and the organization addresses them accurately and effectively.  At this stage, we also see the company able to identify new opportunities to enhance disability inclusion as well as able to respond to new challenges. Building the expertise and changing the culture of an organization takes time and sustained efforts, but companies at this stage are clearly seeing the benefits.
5. Competitiveness: The most informed and beneficial stage.  Companies no longer have a "special" initiative on disability inclusion -- it is part of the very fabric of the organization.  Cultural shifts have evolved internally.  Disability inclusion is part of the overall talent management strategy and is leveraged across all lines of business.  True, there are not a lot of companies at this stage, yet.   But over the next five years we expect to have many more organizations achieving disability competitiveness. As I said earlier, these companies will be gaining market share by better serving this $225 billion-plus segment.  With the war for talent continuing to heat up, they will be attracting the top candidates with disabilities and getting more productivity out of the aging workforce with increasing disabilities of all kinds.
BONNIE: Meg, this is great.  Making change is not easy.  You mentioned under the "Competence" stage that companies in that phase begin to incorporate disability into their diversity programs.  I bet most people reading this wouldn't even realize that the majority of corporate diversity programs have little, if any, focus on disability!
MEG: It is a little shocking that diversity programs tend to overlook disability when you consider that 'People With Disabilities' are the largest minority group in the world (there are 56 million people with disabilities in the U.S. alone).  However, with the new Department of Labor regulations, companies all across the U.S. are intensely seeking out those with disabilities.  Suddenly, finding candidates with disabilities is becoming a competitive exercise, and the winners will have a significant advantage.
BONNIE: You've mentioned the new regulations on employing PWDs twice now.  Can you give us a quick overview on that?
MEG: To put it simply, the Department of Labor recognized the national opportunity cost of not including the disabled community as workers and consumers.  With unemployment rates of over 70 percent among PWDs, we have lower GNP, lower tax revenue, and higher entitlement costs.  So it made sense to release new regulations that will compel companies to move toward disability inclusion.  Specifically, the Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) amended Section 503 of the rehabilitation act and has made hiring those with disabilities a priority for federal contractors and subcontractors.
This is a true sea change; there are over 250,000 companies that have contracts with the federal government and they must comply with these new regulations.  So there is an enormous push right now for companies to get up to speed on disability inclusion: what it means, how to do it, and how to do it better than their competitors.
BONNIE: It is truly an exciting time -- I feel the energy shifting as the conversation on disability inclusion is reaching a fever pitch.  Thank you so much for sharing your Evolution of Disability Competitiveness framework -- I hope it creates a lot of discussion...and ultimately clears the way forward for people and organizations.
For more information on DISABILITY COMPETITIVENESS go to: http://www.globaldisabilityinclusion.com
Follow Bonnie St. John on Twitter: www.twitter.com/bonniestjohn
More:

Artist Turns Vintage Library Of Congress Photos Into Awesomely Creepy GIFsreddit
If you've never perused the Library of Congress online photography archives , you have not lived. The digital collection is a treasure trove of retro imagery, available to anyone willing to endure its rather tenuous cataloguing system. From daguerreotypes to panoramics, the site's pretty much got everything a history buff/photography nerd could ever want.
So what could be better than the LOC itself? How about Kevin Weir 's gorgeous GIFs, which turn monochromatic portraits found in the Library of Congress archives into slightly terrifying black-and-white moving images?
Weir, the art director at NYC's Droga5 , used some photoshop trickery to morph pictures of " unknowable places and persons " into downright weird quasi-animations. He debuts his surreal creations on his blog, Flux Machine , which is generally filled with captivating and strange artwork.
Check out some of his black magic below:
h/t Engadget
More:

FIIs need RBI nod to buy shares in Yes BankFIIs need RBI nod to buy shares in Yes Bank
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 13, 2014  | 15:43 IST
Foreign investors will need the Reserve Bank's approval to buy equity in private sector lender Yes Bank as it has reached the limit allowed for overseas shareholding.
RBI said foreign shareholding limit in Yes Bank through FIIs/ Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs)/ NRIs/ Persons of Indian Origin/ Foreign Direct Investment/ American Depository Receipts/Global Depository Receipts has reached the trigger limit.
"Therefore, further purchases of equity shares of this bank would be allowed only after obtaining prior approval of the Reserve Bank," RBI said in a release.
RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis.
To effectively monitor the limit, RBI has fixed cut-off points two percentage points lower than the actual ceiling.
FIIs held 45.04 per cent shares in Yes Bank as of quarter ended June 2014, according to data on BSE.

E-commerce giants set to battle it out for Andoird One market sharePrint
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 14, 2014 6:07 pm | Updated: September 14, 2014 6:13 pm
Competition in the booming multibillion dollar Indian smartphone market is further set to intensify with e-commerce giants Amazon, Flipkart and Snapdeal all set to launch Google’s much-awaited sub-USD 100 (around Rs 6,000) handsets tomorrow.
Google is launching the Android One devices in India tomorrow.
In June this year, the US-based tech giant had announced the ‘Android One’ initiative to bring in under-USD 100 handsets aimed at bringing the next one billion population to the Android operating system ecosystem.
While homegrown online marketplace majors Flipkart and Snapdeal will be exclusively selling Android One smartphones from Spice and Karbonn, respectively, US-based e-commerce giant Amazon’s Indian arm will sell handsets from Micromax.
All the three handset makers have come out with teasers of their launch.
It is not the first time that device makers have partnered with e-commerce firms for launching their products.
Motorola and Xiaomi have successfully launched their smartphones on Flipkart, while Spice, Micromax and Intex have launched their devices on Snapdeal.
Apart from apparels, electronics — especially mobile phones — are one of the highest selling items on e-commerce sites.
According to research firm IDC, smartphone sales in the country grew almost three-fold to over 44 million in 2013, buoyed by affordable devices made by local firms such as Micromax and Karbonn.
In the second quarter of 2014, 18.42 million smartphones were shipped in India. Though Samsung is the leader with a 29 per cent market share, Micromax (18 per cent), Karbonn (8 per cent) and LAVA (6 per cent) are close competitors.
While Android is the dominant operating system globally, other OS’ like Windows and iOS (Apple) are also gaining traction. Also, newer platforms like Firefox and Tizen may emerge as strong challengers to Google’s platform.
Google’s attempts to also important as it aims to capture a larger share of the entry-level segment.
Recently, Firefox (in partnership with Spice and Intex) launched two new smartphones, priced below Rs 2,300, aimed at those looking to upgrade from feature phones to smartphones.

CBI Examining SFIO Report on Tata-Unitech Deal: ReportKotak Bank Buys ING Vysya in Record $2.4 Billion Share Deal
New Delhi: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has started examining a report by the Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) on the Tata-Unitech deal and the agency would be soon examining some of the senior officials of the two companies in this regard.
The CBI has also informed the Supreme Court about its decision to begin a probe into the Tata-Unitech deal which was not investigated during the earlier probe carried out by the CBI in the 2G spectrum case.
A preliminary enquiry (PE) has been registered by CBI to probe an alleged Rs 1,700-crore land deal between Tata Realty and Unitech in 2007.
The SFIO has alleged that the realty deal between the Tatas and Unitech in 2007 could have been meant for funding Unitech's telecom licence issued in January 2008.
Sources in the agency said that all documents pertaining to this case were being scrutinised and soon the officials from the two companies will be examined to ascertain the actual purpose of the land deal.
Tata Realty has maintained that the company has explained its position on this deal.
"We have explained our position on this issue in the past. We reiterate that we have comprehensively addressed questions from all Government agencies and fully cooperated with all authorities in their investigations. We stress that we are committed to the highest standards of ethics and business conduct," company spokesperson had said earlier.
Unitech refused to comment on the issue.
The SFIO was asked by the Corporate Affairs Ministry in 2012 to look into the affairs of Niira Radia-led PR firm Vaishnavi, which used to handle media relations of various Tata group firms and Unitech.
After examining the officials of the two companies, the sources said that a detailed report would be submitted before the Supreme Court.
The CBI is probing whether the advance given by Tata Realty was used by Unitech for real estate projects or for a telecom licence pertaining to the 2G telecom spectrum allocation scam.
The agency decided to probe this aspect after Reliance Telecom Limited had approached the Supreme Court seeking directions to quash the FIR filed against it in connection with Swan Telecom which was alleged to be the front company of Reliance Telecom Limited (RTL).
As the agency was preparing a reply on RTL plea, the CBI found that no probe had been conducted against Tatas so far and the same was conveyed to the Supreme Court.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 18:22 (IST)

Volokh Conspiracy scoops New York Times re the future of American Jewish politicsComments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
Get a badge
To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.
Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.
Spam

Will market go through correctionLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Will market go through correction?
It doesn’t look like the market is going to have a good start because the SGX is indicating that we will have a start a way below 8100.
Post your opinion here
 
It doesn’t look like the market is going to have a good start because the SGX is indicating that we will have a start a way below 8100.
RELATED NEWS

Fortis Healthcare Jumps Over 10% on Sale of Singapore UnitYou are here: Home Market
Fortis Healthcare Jumps Over 10% on Sale of Singapore Unit
NDTV | Updated On: September 15, 2014 09:43 (IST)
Yes Bank Gains Over 3%, RBI Removes Curbs on FII Share Purchase
Shares in Fortis Healthcare jumped over 10 per cent on Monday after the company sold its Singaporean diagnostic and molecular imaging unit Radlink-Asia Ptd for $108.5 million or Rs 660 crore.
The deal will help Fortis Healthcare cut its net debt/equity ratio to 0.08 times from 0.2 times. Fortis Healthcare has been paring its overseas assets following a decision to focus on India. This has helped the company to cut its debt from 1.1 times in fiscal year 2012-13.
Malaysia's IHH Healthcare Bhd, Asia's largest hospital operator by stock market value, will buying Fortis Healthcare's unit in Singapore.
The deal will be closed following statutory & regulatory approvals.
Stock outlook: Independent analyst Sarvendra Srivastava told NDTV that the gap area of 122-126 remains a good support for Fortis Healthcare. Investors can buy the stock with a target of 190 in six months (with stop loss at 122), he added.
As of 09.40 a.m., Fortis Healthcare shares traded 9.3 per cent higher at Rs 133.10 on the BSE. The broader Sensex was down 213 points or 0.8 per cent to 26,848.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Metal Shares Fall on Weak China Factory DataYou are here: Home Market
Metal Shares Fall on Weak China Factory Data
Reuters | Updated On: September 15, 2014 10:44 (IST)
Yes Bank Gains Over 3%, RBI Removes Curbs on FII Share Purchase
Metal shares fell on Monday after China released its factory output data.
Data released on Saturday showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled.
Tata Steel was down 1.8 per cent and Hindalco Industries fell 2.7 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Pharma Shares Gain on Portfolio DeriskingYou are here: Home Market
Pharma Shares Gain on Portfolio Derisking
Reuters | Updated On: September 15, 2014 10:46 (IST)
Yes Bank Gains Over 3%, RBI Removes Curbs on FII Share Purchase
Pharmaceutical stocks, traditionally seen as defensives, gained on Monday. Investors see derisking portfolios ahead of US Federal Reserve meeting on Wednesday.
Cipla was up 2.5 per cent, while Dr.Reddy's Laboratories traded 0.7 per cent higher. Sun Pharmaceutical Industries rose 0.5 per cent.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Rupee at tipping point; may slip to 63-64/USD by Mar: EmkaySep 15, 2014, 11.28 AM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
Rupee at tipping point; may slip to 63-64/USD by Mar: Emkay
The dollar index has been now climbing for 9 weeks in a row and is currently trading above 84, with the US dollar quoting close to a six-year high against the Japanese
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Rupee at tipping point; may slip to 63-64/USD by Mar: Emkay
The dollar index has been now climbing for 9 weeks in a row and is currently trading above 84, with the US dollar quoting close to a six-year high against the Japanese
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
Brokerage house Emkay Share & Stock Brokers feels a combination of global events, slower-than-expected GDP growth and a fairly valued rupee could drag the currency down to 63-64 to the dollar over the next six months.
In the last few months, the dollar has strengthened against developing market currencies, mainly the Euro, due to the diverging monetary policies being followed by the US Fed and the ECB.
The dollar index has been now climbing for 9 weeks in a row and is currently trading above 84, with the US dollar quoting close to a six-year high against the Japanese.
Yet, emerging market currencies, including the rupee have managed to hold ground against the dollar, and even have firmed up in a few cases.
But the strength in emerging market currencies is unlikely to sustain, and a trend reversal is on the cards, feels Dhananjay Sinha, Head of Research, Emkay.
“Fading recovery in the Eurozone (EZ), which is one of the major
trading partners for all emerging markets, and reversal in easy monetary policy by the US could subject capital inflows in emerging markets to risk,” writes Sinha.
India in particular is more vulnerable he says.
“EZ is the most important market for India—even more than that the US.  Slowdown in EZ can expose India recovery to risk, thereby adversely affecting capital flows, which are largely based on growth recovery in India,” writes Sinha.
4 reasons why Emkay feels why the economic recovery could be overestimated and why the rupee may come under pressure:
i) The positive contribution to GDP growth from artificial suppression of CAD (restricting gold imports) will wear off in the coming quarters
ii) With lower-than-budgeted receipts, the government will have to resort to spending cut to meet its ambitious fiscal target; and,
iii) Notwithstanding the general expectation of revival in investment cycle
due to speedy clearances, our interactions with companies in capital goods sector do not suggest any change in ground reality.
iv) Contrasting the general perception that INR has attained fair valuation, we believe that from a long term perspective, there is still sufficient latent depreciation bias embedded in rupee due to rising inflation differential with major trading partners.
The report concludes by saying that divergent US and EZ monetary policy inclinations could eventually break the resilience of emerging market currencies, including the rupee, pushing it down to 63-64 to the dollar by March.
RELATED NEWS

How India can gain from falling crude  gold & coal pricesSep 15, 2014, 12.34 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
How India can gain from falling crude, gold & coal prices
Between 2010-2013, slowing growth, high twin deficits and lower savings dented the economic cycle, which got more vicious due to rising global oil and gold prices.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
How India can gain from falling crude, gold & coal prices
Between 2010-2013, slowing growth, high twin deficits and lower savings dented the economic cycle, which got more vicious due to rising global oil and gold prices.
Post your opinion here
 
Moneycontrol Bureau
With crude prices retreating to 17-months low of 97 per barrel from USD 105 per barrel in mid-June and coal prices falling to 5 year lows, Indian economy seems poised for multi-layered benefits. "Declining oil, gold and coal prices should result in multi-layered benefits for the Indian economy, its external accounts, capital markets and savings profile," says a Deutsche Bank report.
Between 2010-2013, slowing growth, high twin deficits and lower savings dented the economic cycle, which got more vicious due to rising global oil and gold prices.
Now, the stage seems set for public sector banks (PSU banks), oil marketing companies (OMCs) and automobile companies to benefit greatly from the sharp dip in oil and gold prices. Over FY15 and FY16, Deutsche Bank sees HPCL 's working capital debt falling by USD 0.9 billion and BPCL 's by USD 1.1 billion on reduction in fuel subsidies. As on March 31, 2014, HPCL’s consolidated debt stood at Rs 47.305.83 crore, while that of BPCL stood at Rs 32,798.54 crore.
“If global oil prices sustain at current levels, we estimate oil subsidies to fall by 44 percent YoY in FY1 - the sharpest fall in any one year since FY10 - and by a further 42 percent in FY16,” the report added. On the back of falling subsidies,  ONGC and  OIL are expected to gain too as they fund about 40 percent of the subsidies.
Earlier in the day, Reserve Bank governor Raghuram Rajan too made a pitch for eliminating diesel price subsidies completely.
Along with OMCs, falling crude prices will also provide a much-needed impetus in terms of demand for entry-level cars. Buyers in this segment have been most impacted by high gasoline prices, inflation and interest rates over the past three years.  Maruti perhaps will be the key beneficiary of a recovery in entry level cars as it has a 74 market share in this segment, says the DB report.
Banking on crude prices sustaining at current levels, DB expects lower inflation expectations driving mark-to-market gains on bond portfolios of PSU banks. It expects SBI , PNB , BOB , LIC Housing Finance ,  REC and  PFC to be the key beneficiaries. Increasing liquidity can also result in pushing down wholesale funding costs, thus benefiting wholesale borrowers such as NBFCs.
Not just PSU banks, Rajan at a Press Conference on Monday said bond issuances in the corporate sector too has risen.
But the big question now is can India handle an earlier-than-anticipated normalization of US monetary policy? Deutsche Bank believes sharp improvement in India’s external vulnerability indicators, a highly credible RBI and government focused on economic growth and importantly an environment of softer global commodity prices should help India differentiate itself from many of its EM peers.
Also, as pointed out by governor Rajan himself, one of the biggest factors that differentiates India from the rest of the emerging markets pack is the fact that it now has a stable government.
However, Rajan had earlier pointed out that an abrupt reversal of low interest rates globally could create huge amounts of damage and that it should be done in a predictable and careful way. "We're in the hole we are in. To reverse it by changing abruptly would create substantial amounts of damage. So I'm with (US Federal Reserve) officials in saying that as we get out of this, let's get out of this in a predictable and careful way, rather than in one go," he told Time magazine.
Fading glitter of gold can boost savings
The fading glitter of gold can be seen from the sharp dip in the investment component (mainly coins and bars) of gold demand which has now dipped to 23 percent of total gold demand in Q4FY14 versus 42 percent in Q3FY13.
The declining lure of gold has the potential to trigger a much needed shift away from physical savings to financial savings through bank deposits, mutual funds, insurance, etc, the DB report says.
Can RBI turn dovish?
Recent improvement in monsoon, sustenance of crude prices around multi-period low levels and easy liquidity scenario may push the Reserve Bank to adopt a more dovish stance on interest rates than earlier anticipated, says the DB report.
However, Rajan today sounded caution on the back of the weak IIP and CPI number which came out on Friday. But on the brighter side, he said India is on recovery course.
Is the decline in global oil prices sustainable?
According to Deutsche Bank’s oil and gas analysts, Harshad Katkar and Amit Murarka, decelerating global oil demand (International Energy Agency has downgraded demand estimates from 1.3 mmbpd in January 2014 to 0.9 mmbpd currently) strengthens the case for a sustainably lower oil price. Bloomberg Finance LP data indicates refinery capacity maintenance shutdowns to rise in September-October by more than 1 mmbpd compared to August 2014 – further reducing demand for crude oil in the near term.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18 on Friday, Fadel Gheit, managing director and senior analyst at Oppenheimer & Co had said that crude oil prices cannot be trading much above their replacement cost . They have been inflated for quite some time, because risk premium due to fear of potential supply disruption has increased. Gheit says crude prices can fall to USD 90 per barrel or even below by December.
“I am very confident that the US will end up lifting the ban on oil exports and that will bring crude oil prices lower, at maybe USD 10 lower from current level,” Gheit says. He even said oil prices above USD 70/barrel are not sustainable in the long term.
Vandana Hari, Editorial Director - Asia, Platts too sees sustained bearishness in global crude oil prices . She says the fundamental demand-supply story – supply glut and low demand – points to downward pressure on prices. She does not see oil prices racing back to USD 100 anytime soon.
Hari says supply from non-OPEC – part of the world that is not affected by the Middle-Eastern crisis – particularly the United States, is more than enough to handle current and projected demand from the world over.
(Posted by: Devika Ghosh)

The posse comitatus case and changing views of the exclusionary ruleBy Orin Kerr September 15
Like my co-blogger Will Baude , I was very interested in the Ninth Circuit’s recent case, United States v. Dreyer , suppressing evidence as a violation of the Posse Comitatus Act. I think the case is interesting because it demonstrates a view of the exclusionary rule that I haven’t seen in a while.
First, some history. Back in the the middle of the 20th Century, the federal courts often found ways to impose an exclusionary rule for statutory violations in federal court. For example, in Nardone v. United States, 302 U. S. 379 (1937) (“Nardone I”) and Nardone v. United States, 308 U.S. 338 (1939) (“Nardone II”), the Supreme Court adopted an exclusionary rule for violations of the Communications Act. In McNabb v. United States, 318 U.S. 332 (1943), the Court adopted an exclusionary rule for violations of Rule 5 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure. The Court had a rather free-form approach to the exclusionary rule at the time, in part because suppression was seen as the judiciary’s domain. The federal courts had an inherent power to control evidence in their own cases, so the Court could be creative in fashioning what evidence could come in to deter bad conduct. If the government did something really bad, the federal courts had the power to keep the evidence out to deter violations and maintain the integrity of the courts.
By the 1980s, after Warren Court revolution, the Supreme Court had a different view of the exclusionary rule. The scope of the rule had expanded dramatically when it was incorporated and applied to the states. But as a kind of tradeoff for that expansion, the Court cut back on the free-form approach outside core constitutional violations. The Burger and Rehnquist Courts saw suppression as a doctrine that had to be rooted in deterrence of constitutional violations and not just something that courts didn’t like or found offensive.
In his post , Will points out a passage from Sanchez-Llamas v. Oregon to that effect. And I would add the earlier case of United States v. Payner, 447 U.S. 727 (1980) , in which investigators had intentionally violated one person’s Fourth Amendment rights to get evidence they were holding of the suspect’s crimes. The Sixth Circuit had suppressed the evidence on the basis of the federal courts’ supervisory power to punish the blatant abuse even though the suspect did not have Fourth Amendment standing to object to the violation. The Supreme Court reversed, blocking courts from using the supervisory power as an end-run around the limits of Fourth Amendment doctrine.
The new Ninth Circuit case, Dreyer, strikes me as a vestige of the mid-20th century free-form view of the exclusionary rule. The lower courts in the 1960s and 1970s had a few areas where they rejected suppression outside of constitutional law but recognized the hypothetical possibility that they might suppress evidence if the facts were particularly egregious. For example, a bunch of circuits held that the Fourth Amendment does not regulate evidence collection by foreign governments not acting in coordination with the U.S., but that they would suppress evidence if the foreign government conduct “shocked the conscience.” See, e.g., Birdsell v. United States, 346 F.2d 775, 782 n. 10 (5th Cir. 1965); United States v. Cotroni, 527 F.2d 708, 712 n. 10 (2d Cir. 1975). But see United States v. Mount, 757 F.2d 1315, 1320 (D.C. Cir. 1985) (Bork, J., concurring) (arguing based on Payner that lower courts lack supervisory powers to impose an exclusionary rule for searches by foreign governments). The caselaw was never reviewed in the Supreme Court, however, perhaps because those egregious circumstances were not found and the evidence wasn’t actually suppressed.
Violations of the Posse Comitatus Act, the issue in the new decision, provides another example. The history seems to run like this. First, in the 1970s, a few courts applied the free-form approach to the exclusionary rule and left open the possibility that violations of the Posse Comitatus Act could lead to exclusion if it were necessary to deter violations. See, e.g.,United States v. Walden, 490 F.2d 372, 376–77 (4th Cir. 1974); State v. Danko, 219 Kan. 490 (1976). When the Ninth Circuit reached the issue in 1986, the panel did not focus on the Supreme Court’s then-new more skeptical approach to the exclusionary rule. Instead, the Ninth Circuit expanded on the 1970s lower-court cases, indicating that the exclusionary rule would be necessary for violations of the Act if “a need to deter future violations is demonstrated.” United States v. Roberts, 779 F.2d 565, 568 (9th Cir. 1986). Again, though, this was just a possibility, and the issue was never reviewed.
Dreyer picks up that 28-year-old invitation and concludes that the need has finally been demonstrated and that the exclusionary rule therefore must be applied. Dreyer cites Roberts, which in turn cited Walden. So on its face, the court is at least drawing on precedent.
But it seems to me that Dreyer is very vulnerable if DOJ thinks it is worth challenging in the Supreme Court. Dreyer appears to rely on a line of thinking about the exclusionary rule that the Supreme Court has long ago rejected. Of course, we can debate the normative question of how the Justices should approach the exclusionary rule, either in the context of constitutional violations or statutory violations. But just as a predictive matter, I suspect that today’s Court would have a different view of the question than the circuit court cases from the 1970s on which the Ninth Circuit’s Dreyer decision ultimately relies.
Orin Kerr is the Fred C. Stevenson Research Professor at The George Washington University Law School, where he has taught since 2001. He teaches and writes in the area of criminal procedure and computer crime law.

Stop Diesel Subsidy:Rajan08:00 am
With crude oil prices falling globally, the Reserve Bank governor on Monday pitched in for eliminating diesel subsidies completely. However, he cautioned that geopolitical risks – Ukraine and Middle East - continue to remain and these low crude prices may be a temporary phenomenon.
On the macro-economic front, the IIP and CPI data released on Friday point to the fact that recovery is still some time away. But Rajan says India is on path to recovery. He says when compared to other emerging markets, what worked well for India is the emergence of a stable government.
Also Read: Rajan warns of abrupt reversal of global low interest rates
Better-than-expected monsoon and strong auto sales that indicate better consumption levels point to good days ahead. Inflationary trends too are in-line with RBI forecast. Rajan says though the macro indicators are improving, the economy is not completely out of the woods yet.
Despite all the positives, credit growth numbers have not picked up that well. Rajan says for a positive growth push, investment growth needs to pick up.
On the recent deluge in Jammu and Kashmir, the RBI governor said the central bank will work with other banks to restore normalcy in the region.
Rajan seemed pleased with mobile companies and banks coming together to offer mobile banking services, while adding that he expects mobile banking to grow explosively.
RELATED NEWS

CPI forecast Ok: Moody s08:00 am
August headline CPI came in line at 7.8% led by vegetable inflation, but core CPI declined to 6.9 percent from 7.4 percent, which is a big positive. However, the July IIP slipped to 0.5 percent from 3.4 percent with consumption growth falling and consumer durables contracting 21 percent.
Rating agency Moody’s retains Baa3 with a stable outlook on India. In its note, the agency said that GDP acceleration is sustainable. According to the note, a persistent high inflation is weighing on country’s economy and food inflation has been weighing on overall inflation.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Atsi Sheth, Senior Vice President at Moody’s, said that IIP and CPI numbers are almost in line with the trend due to base effect and CPI at 8 percent in January 2015 seems to be a safe forecast.
“The one thing that is helping the CPI inflation forecast is that the monsoon did come back a little bit towards the end of the season and that might bode well for food prices,” she said.
On a probability of re-rating, Sheth said on the scale of relative matrix vis-a-vis other countries, the balance of risk remains.
According to her, there are three things that are constrained on India’s ratings -- current fiscal position, inflation and weak infrastructure.
Moody’s said that under the current scenario, the market consensus is that the Reserve Bank will have a prolonged hold on rates. Sheth doesn’t expect WPI numbers to influence monetary policy.
Below is the transcript of Atsi Sheth’s interview to CNBC-TV18’s Latha Venkatesh and Sonia Shenoy
Latha: What are your thoughts on both index of industrial production (IIP) and consumer price index (CPI) numbers?
A: They were not that far off from the trend we have seen so far. On industrial output there was a higher base effect to contend with so we should have expected some deceleration on year-on-year basis. On the CPI, the headline number didn’t move much but core CPI that is non-food, non-fuel inflation certainly seem to be trending lower. So I think from that perspective the expectation that IIP will remain in recovery as the year progresses and that inflation might trend down slightly, I think that expectation was supported by these numbers. 
Sonia: What would your target be for the core CPI number say for the next three-six months as well as for the overall inflation number? Do you expect it to fall much below this 7.8 percent level?
A: I think there will be a time again when base effects will come into play. As you know last autumn CPI had creeped up so that might help the headline number. Our sense is that the 8 percent mark for headline CPI by Q1 of next year inflation will come out somewhere around that, may be little bit above or below but 8 percent seems like a very safe forecast to make at this point. We had assumed that that would come with the core, the non-food, non-fuel, dropping a little bit below 7 percent and that seems to be what is happening and we are sticking with that forecast for now. 
One thing that is helping the CPI inflation forecast is the fact that the monsoon did come back a little bit towards the end of this season and that might bode well for food prices. So we might see that helping the headline number as well, as we move into the first quarter of next year.
Latha: Is India in for a rating upgrade?
A: You asked me this question on the flip side about a year ago and our answer remains similar which is that you have to look at the rating on a relative basis so it is not just India’s performance vis-à-vis itself over the last year but vis-à-vis other countries that we rate and that is over 120 of them that we rate.
In that sense if you look at where relative matrix in India stand, growth has even when it was slower, was higher than its similarly rated peers that remain the case. Infact we think the gap will widen a little bit. 
Inflation and fiscal matrix even with the improvement that we are forecasting, they remain weaker than similarly rated peers. So I think the balance of risk hasn’t changed and the rating is really a comment on credit risk, not just on growth or one or the other macro economic indicators. We think the balance of risk remains about where the BAA three level says they are and that is why we maintain a stable outlook. 
Latha: What would make a rating agency upgrade India?
A: I can only speak for Moody’s. There are three things that are constraints on India’s rating at this point. The three things are well-known, one is the fiscal position, the government debt to GDP is higher than peers, the fiscal deficit is much higher than peers. 
The second is inflation again higher and this constrains competitiveness over the long run so that is why it is a constraint on the rating. 
Third is India’s infrastructure. This is so much weaker than comparable countries and you saw the global competiveness report that came out a couple of weeks ago. This again reinforces that point. 
Our sense is that if there is a movement in these three factors and this movement is likely to come together if you address infrastructure constraints, you remove supply side constraints on inflation, you improve growth prospects that helps your fiscal. So we think that there is a chance that all three matrix could improve if policy action and global conditions are both cooperative and if that happens indeed I think India’s outlook would improve because these constraints would be removed, growth potential will go higher, all the constraints would then seem less weak than they are right now.
RELATED NEWS

Aug CPI Cools MildlySep 12, 2014, 06.54 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
July IIP slips to 0.5%; Aug CPI cools mildly to 7.8%
A CNBC-TV18 poll had estimated CPI to soften to 7.7 percent and IIP to fall to 1.7 percent.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
July IIP slips to 0.5%; Aug CPI cools mildly to 7.8%
A CNBC-TV18 poll had estimated CPI to soften to 7.7 percent and IIP to fall to 1.7 percent.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
Moneycontrol Bureau
Industrial activity, as measured by the index of industrial production (IIP), slipped to 0.5 percent in the month of July, data released by the government showed, compared to 3.9 percent in the previous month (which was revised higher from 3.4 percent).
While consumer price index (CPI) for August came in at 7.8 percent against 7.96 percent in the previous month.
A CNBC-TV18 poll of economists had estimated CPI to soften to 7.7 percent and IIP to fall to 1.7 percent.
Experts believe July has not been a good month and it will still take a while before the industrial growth and manufacturing actually starts picking up. Soaring food inflation and vegetable inflation are being seen as the main culprit for such high inflation.
 
C Rangarajan, former chairman, PMEAC believes that industry should work towards a much lower CPI number for January 2015 otherwise it will be difficult to achieve the 6 percent inflation target in 2016.
 
However, he says, the pickup in monsoons may lower food prices as rabi and kharif plantations has not been affected much and that may reflect and  relax the food inflation by the end of October and November.  Also, fall in global crude prices may help moderate the fuel inflation in the coming months.
 
According to Gaurav Kapur, VP and senior economist, RBS, the CPI data was in-line with expectation, though IIP came closer to lower end of the range.
 
He believes the rise in consumer durables growth at -20.9 percent against -23.4 percent (MoM) is a positive sign reflecting a pick up in consumer confidence. The growth ion auto sector will also get reflected in the months ahead.
 
Will RBI hike/cut rates now?
 
Rangarajan expects the Reserve Bank of India to maintain a status quo in its upcoming monetary policy as a rate cut is ruled out at such high inflation level. Though softening in food inflation may change the course going ahead.
 
Rupa Rege Nitsure, chief economist and GM, Bank of Baroda expects the Reserve Bank to take a breather and hold rates.
 
”RBI will try to control inflation by January 2015 and we are in for prolong hold,” she adds. She does not expect a rate cut for the next 12 months and also shuns away the possibility of a rate hike anytime soon.
 
Echoing her view, Jayesh Mehta MD and Country Treasurer Bank of America also rules out any possibility of the central bank cutting rates in 2014. He believes a rate cut may be in offing but not before March 2015, by when a better picture of the India growth story will be visible.
 
However, rate hike, at this point in time, will be complete shocker, he concludes.
Within the monthly IIP data, growth in its respective components stood at:
- Intermediate Goods Growth At 2.6 percent vs 2.7 percent (MoM)
- Capital Goods Growth At -3.8 percent vs 23 percent (MoM)
- Electricity Sector Growth At 11.7 percent vs 15.7 percent (MoM)
- Basic Goods Growth At 7.6 percent vs 9 percent (MoM)
- Consumer Goods Growth At -7.4 percent vs -10 percent (MoM)
- Consumer Durables Growth At -20.9 percent vs -23.4 percent (MoM)
- Consumer Non-durables Growth At 2.9 percent vs 0.1 percent (MoM)
- Mining Sector Growth At 2.1 percent vs 4.3 percent (MoM)
- Manufacturing Sector Growth At -1 percent vs 1.8 percent (MoM)
While within inflation, the breakup included:
- Clothing, Footwear, Bedding Inflation At 8.53 percent vs 8.73 percent (MoM)
- Combined Fuel, Light Inflation At 4.15 percent vs 4.47 percent (MoM)
- Vegetable Price Inflation At 15.15 percent vs 16.88 percent (MoM)
- Rural Inflation At 8.35 percent vs 8.45 percent (MoM)
- Urban Inflation At 7.04 percent vs 7.42 percent (MoM)
- Food Inflation At 9.42 percent vs 9.36 percent (MoM)
RELATED NEWS

Tui Travel and Tui AG agree merger termsTui Travel and Tui AG agree merger terms
By John Aglionby
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/4bcaa302-3ca4-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China industrial output data hit marketsMarkets wary as Chinese data disappoint
By Dave Shellock
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/81bbe6a8-3c7f-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Mid-cap State-run Banks Gain on Fresh Long PositionsYes Bank Gains Over 3%, RBI Removes Curbs on FII Share Purchase
Mid-cap state-run banks gained as investors took fresh long positions in equity derivatives. Traders cited inflation data as the key reason.
India's WPI in August eased to 3.74 per cent, its lowest level in nearly five years, government data showed.
Retail inflation edged down slightly in August but core CPI fell sharply by around 50 basis points on month.
Below is a list of mid-cap banks witnessing short covering:
September futures Open Interest Change (shares)
Oriental Bank Of Commerce 472,000
Syndicate Bank 416,000

Inflation across board still high to begin easing: RajanSep 15, 2014, 02.21 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Inflation across board still high to begin easing: Rajan
"Inflation is high not only in food, but also in non-food items and the best solution for the country is to bring it down. Then I can cut interest rates," Rajan told bankers at a summit organised by industry body Ficci here.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Inflation across board still high to begin easing: Rajan
"Inflation is high not only in food, but also in non-food items and the best solution for the country is to bring it down. Then I can cut interest rates," Rajan told bankers at a summit organised by industry body Ficci here.
Post your opinion here
 
Stating that it is not just food prices that are persistently high but even those of other items which remain elevated, Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan today said prices across the board have to come down to enable him to reduce key rates.
"Inflation is high not only in food, but also in non-food items and the best solution for the country is to bring it down. Then I can cut interest rates," Rajan told bankers at a summit organised by industry body FICCI here.
Also read: August WPI inflation hits a 5 year low of 3.74%
"I have no desire to keep interest rates high for even a second longer. I want to bring down interest rates when it is feasible and that would be when we have won the fight against inflation," he said.
"There is no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation pick-up again," Rajan said, adding that right now he thinks the central bank is continuing the way it proposed recently.
Taking a dig at the industry for its persistent demand to cut lending rates even when there is a price increase in the sector, the Governor asked them to bring down prices. "When you do that then we will do that, we have no problem. Clearly you will have no consensus on this," he said.
The August wholesale price inflation sharply declined to a near five-year low of 3.74 percent on declining prices of vegetables and other food articles from 5.19 percent in July and 6.99 percent in August 2013.
Also read: Must eliminate diesel subsidies now: Raghuram Rajan
However, the consumer price inflation which the RBI has adopted as a monetary policy gauge, still remains high. For August, it inched down marginally to 7.8 percent from 7.96 percent a month earlier.
The RBI is targeting retail inflation of eight percentby January next year and six percent by January 2016.
RELATED NEWS

Audit brief exceeded in Krishna-Godavari gas reportAudit brief exceeded in Krishna-Godavari gas report: RIL
IANS     New Delhi   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 15:34 IST
India's official audit agency exceeded its brief in its report on the Krishna-Godavari gas blocks won by Reliance Industries , using hindsight and not the legal contractual pact as a basis for its annotations, the company has charged.
In a letter to the watchdog, the Directorate General of Hydrocarbons, Reliance also said unlike the award of coal blocks, or the spectrum for telephony, the oil assets were won by it after global competitive bidding and that issues had been unnecessarily hyped.
It said the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG), with comments on commercial, operational and technical performance of Reliance, had exceeded its brief, providing its own interpretation of the production-sharing contract with the government.
The company also sought to inform the watchdog that its responses furnished to the audit agency were not considered when the final report was drawn up, adding it was bereft of any legal or technical merit.
"At several places in the CAG's draft audit report, the audit team has merely paraphrased our responses and then dismissed them with a vague 'we disagree', without specifying the reasons for not accepting our responses," it added.
Primarily, the auditor's observations pertain to two issues: Under-utilisation of the facilities built for 80 million units of gas per day, and procedures followed on expenditure-accounting that has a bearing on the gas to be shared with the government.
Reliance Industries, for the record, could not match the production targets.
On both counts, the company refuted the charges. In the response to the auditor, it said it had taken all steps for timely and cost-efficient deliveries. To the watchdog, it also said the matter was sub-judice and under arbitration. Hence comment was improper.
Reliance said it had also challenged the government's move to link the so-called lower gas output due to under-utilisation of facilities that resulted in a lower share of the exchequer. An audit comment on this, therefore, was inappropriate, Reliance said.
It said it was concerned over comments that intend to show conclusiveness on the legal interpretation of the contract provisions that are in arbitration.
"We believe comments on matters that are sub judice are inappropriate and prejudicial," the company said.
It had told the audit agency that the Krishna-Godavari basin was among the most complex ones in the world and that members of its team would have had better perspective on the issues, had they physically visit these facilities.
Reliance said despite assurances that it was not a performance audit, retrospection seemed to have been the basis of not only doubting the efficiency, effectiveness and the economic viability of the contracts but also the operational decisions taken eight years ago.
"We submit this could easily be perceived as a performance audit which obviously was not the stated intent of audit," said Reliance, adding such comments needlessly prejudice an arbitration and may be misused by vested interests.
"Issues which are either under arbitration, or are the consequence of differences in the interpretation of PSC provisions should not be commented upon in an Audit of accounts," the company said.

Google launches Android One phones in India  Rs6399 onwardsSep 15, 2014, 03.14 PM IST  | Source: IBNLive.com
Google launches Android One phones in India, Rs6399 onwards
With the Android One launch in India Google is attempting to capture the low-cost segment of the world's fastest growing smartphone market.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Google launches Android One phones in India, Rs6399 onwards
With the Android One launch in India Google is attempting to capture the low-cost segment of the world's fastest growing smartphone market.
Post your opinion here
 
Google has launched the first smartphones under its Android One project in India, pricing them at around Rs 6,399 to capture the low-cost segment of the world's fastest growing smartphone market.
The Mountain View-Based company tied up with Indian mobile players Micromax, Karbonn and Spice Mobiles to launch the affordable phones, which are powered by its operating system and aimed at emerging markets.
After launching in India, Google said it plans to expand Android One to Indonesia, Philippines and other South Asian countries by the end of 2014 and in more countries in 2015.
The Karbonn Sparkle V Red is listed on online shopping site Snapdeal priced at Rs 6,399 and the Spice Android One Dream UNO Mi-498 was also reportedly listed briefly on Flipkart at Rs 6,999. The Micromax Canvas A1 will go on sale via Amazon India.
India is seen as a lucrative market for low-cost smartphones because many people are buying the devices for the first time. Just 10 percent of the India's population currently owns a smartphone, brokerage Nomura said in a recent research note, and that figure is likely to double over the next four years.
Google, however, is not the only company jostling for a share of the Indian market.
There are at least 80 smartphone brands in India and analysts say the Android One phones must offer customers more than just affordability if it wants to compete with similarly priced devices made by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, Motorola and China's Xiaomi.
"The initial pricing never sticks but it'll be tough for them to compete if they don't come down further," said Neil Shah, research director for devices and ecosystems at Hong Kong-based technology research agency Counterpoint Research.
In June, Google had announced the launch of the Android One project, which aims to boost demand for low-end Android smartphones by vastly improving their quality.
Currently, many cheap emerging market smartphones run different and somewhat customised versions of the Android operating system, which along with the many variations in hardware make apps on those phones prone to glitches.
RELATED NEWS

Cognizant to acquire US-based Trizetto for about $2.7 bnCognizant
("With more than $3 bn in combined…)
BANGALORE: Cognizant Technology Solutions, the cheetah-turned-hare of India's software services pack, will buy US-based healthcare software specialist TriZetto for $2.7 billion (around Rs 16,400 crore) in cash, marking the biggest acquisition to date for the Indian IT sector and once again showcasing the chutzpah the company has come to be known for.
Nasdaq-listed Cognizant, which is headquartered in the US but has most of its workforce in India, said on Monday it was buying Colorado-based and privately held TriZetto from private equity firm Apax Partners, and that the deal would boost its profits and revenues.
This buyout will help it take the pole position among all Indian IT outsourcers in the healthcare software space, where the US market alone is believed to offer a $2.7-trillion business opportunity.
"We are very excited with this acquisition," said Cognizant's CEO Francisco D'Souza, adding that the buyout offered the company "significant and complementary new market opportunities, expertise and intellectual property" including some $1.5 billion of potential revenue synergies over the next five years.
"Healthcare is undergoing structural shifts due to reform, cost pressure and shifting responsibilities between payers and providers. This creates a significant growth opportunity, which TriZetto will help us capture," he said. While analysts cheered the deal (Jefferies analyst Jason Kupferberg said TriZetto will "significantly enhance" Cognizant's competitive position in the healthcare vertical), investor reaction was more tepid, with shares in the firm marginally down at around $44.6 in early US trading.
But more importantly, the deal marks a rare display of ambition from the highly conservative Indian IT sector, which has shied away from bigbang acquisitions, preferring to use its cash hoard to buy small firms or buy operations of clients to bolster revenues.
For many industry watchers, the deal was vintage Cognizant, a company that has over the past five years disrupted the pecking order in Indian IT by outgrowing and overtaking bigger rivals Infosys and Wipro. They said it was a demonstration that the company, which began life as a subsidiary of IMS Health in the late 1990s, was not shy of making bold bets to ensure it maintains the gap with its pedigreed Bangalore-based rivals and aspires to take aim at market leader Tata Consultancy Services.
"This is a good buyout. It will probably put TCS under pressure now," said industry veteran and former Infosys' chief financial officer V Balakrishnan. "The industry is becoming mature and acquisitions are the only way you can grow," he said, adding that the Indian IT sector's traditional preference for deals with ticket sizes of $100-200 million opportunities would not be of much help as they "will not shift the needle much".
  Harish HV, partner at consulting firm Grant Thornton said Cognizant's aggression would prod its rivals to do an encore. "We would expect some of the other IT majors to react to this deal by doing some themselves," he said. With the latest acquisition, Cognizant appears to have made a bold gambit, something its rivals Infosys and Wipro would consider a risky bet. "This is not the time for us to pursue big adventures," an executive at one of the top three Indian IT firms had said last month when asked whether his firm was interested in acquiring TriZetto, which had been put up for sale by Apax that had mandated JP Morgan to find a buyer.
London-based Apax bought TriZetto in 2008 for $1.4 billion. The company, which provides solutions such as care management and the administration of benefits to the US healthcare industry, posted revenues of $710 million for the year to March 2014 and, according to a Reuters report last month, had 12-month earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation of more than $190 million as of June 30. It has some 3,700 employees compared with around 187,000 for Cognizant, whose revenues are in excess of $10 billion. Cognizant trumped bids from other large IT companies and private equity players, and its CFO Karen McLoughlin said the company had carried out an "exhaustive" due diligence process working through the summer, underlining that its offer was not a reckless one. McLoughlin said Cognizant would let TriZetto continue as a standalone entity even though its revenues will be accounted for as part of her firm's healthcare vertical. Cognizant intends to finance the deal, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2014, through a mix of cash on hand and debt and has secured $1 billion of committed financing.
Other Cognizant officials said the two companies often worked together. "Cognizant and TriZetto have had a longterm relationship, having jointly served a number of healthcare clients to date," Cognizant President Gordon Coburn said in a news release. "This acquisition is a natural fit for us."

Former CAG Vinod Rai refutes rumours of joining politics  says it s not his cup of teaSep 15, 2014 at  10:24pm IST
Former CAG Vinod Rai refutes rumours of joining politics, says it's not his cup of tea
25
0
New Delhi: Former comptroller and auditor general Vinod Rai on Monday refuted all rumours of his political ambitions. The remarks came after Rai's upcoming book 'Not Just An Accountant' accused former prime minister Manmohan Singh of not taking stand against corruption.
He said, "I sincerly believe politics is a good profession and that good people need to go into politics also, but it is not my cup of tea."
Rai, who was the CAG during the UPA rule came out with a stinging criticism of Singh saying integrity was not just financial but intellectual and professional too and claimed that Congress leaders had sought to apply pressure on him to keen the PM's name out of audit reports.
#india #vinod rai #manmohan singh #congress
Rai, whose loss estimates in 2G spectrum and coal block allocations pushed the then UPA government into a corner, was also critical of the coalition politics under Singh and alleged suggested that he was more interested in remaining in power.
Rai, who is writing a book on his days as head of the CAG, said his phone was tapped by the then UPA government and he felt Singh was part of the decisions to allocate 2G telecom spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
6

Cognizant Buying TriZetto for $2.7 BillionPeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

5 points on Indian economy: Lackluster growth  sticky inflation  moreE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Our monsoon almost 40 million years oldOur monsoon almost 40 million years old
PTI  Washington, September 15, 2014
First Published: 15:59 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 16:07 IST(15/9/2014)
Comments
Asian monsoon, one of the largest and crucial climate system in the world, existed 40 million years ago - much earlier than previous estimates, according to a new study.
Scientists believed the climate pattern known as the Asian monsoon began 22-25 million years ago as a result of the uplift of the Tibetan Plateau and the Himalaya Mountains.
An international research team has now found that the Asian monsoon already existed 40 million years ago during a period of high atmospheric carbon dioxide and warmer temperatures.
"It is surprising. People thought the monsoon started much later," said lead author Alexis Licht, a research associate in the University of Arizona geoscientist department of geosciences.
The monsoon, the largest climate system in the world, governs the climate in much of mainland Asia, bringing torrential summer rains and dry winters.
"This research compellingly shows that a strong Asian monsoon system was in place at least by 35-40 million years ago," co-author Jay Quade, a UA professor of geosciences, said.
The research by Licht and his colleagues shows the earlier start of the monsoon occurred at a time when atmospheric CO2 was three to four times greater than it is now.
The monsoon then weakened 34 million years ago when atmospheric CO2 decreased by 50% and an ice age occurred.
Licht said the study is the first to show the rise of the monsoon is as much a result of global climate as it is a result of topography.
"This finding has major consequences for the ongoing global warming. It suggests increasing the atmospheric CO2 will increase the monsoonal precipitation significantly," he said.
Unravelling the monsoon's origins required contributions from three different teams of scientists that were independently studying the environment of 40 million years ago.
All three investigations showed the monsoon climate pattern occurred 15 million years earlier than previously thought.
Due to its effect on agriculture, flora and fauna and the general weather of India, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, among other economic, social and environmental effects, monsoon is one of the most anticipated, followed and studied weather phenomena of the Indian subcontinent.
The study was published in the journal Nature.

Um  heres an  uh  map that shows where Americans use um vs. uhSeptember 15, 2014
This piece has been corrected.
Every language has filler words that speakers use in nervous moments or to buy time while thinking. Two of the most common of these in English are “uh” and “um.” They might seem interchangeable, but data show that their usage break down across surprising geographic lines. Hmm.
The map above shows a preliminary attempt to use the tremendous amount of linguistic data being produced on the web to understand how language works. Jack Grieve, a forensic linguist at Aston University in the UK, has been looking through 6 billion words collected from Twitter. Following a discussion with fellow linguist Mark Liberman—a prolific blogger who has long been interested in the “um”/”uh” divide —Grieve decided to look through his corpus of tweets to see how the two words compared. They started their exploration with data from America.
If a county on the map is bright blue or bright pink, its tweets show a clear tendency toward “uh” or “um,” respectively. The purplish colors in between mean that a county’s results leaned one way, but weren’t clear representations of a regional trend.
To uncover the geography of filler words, Grieve ran through the Twitter corpus to find how often a given American county uses “um” over “uh” and vice versa. After that, he used an algorithm known as “hot-spot testing” to smooth out the results and make them more meaningful.
The smoothed-out version has a lot to say. The regional breakdown is clear, and it doesn’t look much like other maps that try to show where some phenomenon or another is happening in the United States. Grieve said the use of “uh” looks to follow the elusive “Midland dialect,” which linguists have suspected follows the Ohio River southwest from central Pennsylvania. That accounts for most of the blue that sweeps from West Virginia all the way to Arizona. Grieve said the “uh” and “um” analysis is the first time his research has shown clear evidence of the Midland dialect.
The map also shows that usage on the west coast is harder to pin down. The purplish color leans toward “uh” in most of California, aside from the Bay Area, but there is no clear winner west of Arizona.
Hot-spot testing explained
Hot-spot testing has a variety of applications in statistics, but the goal is to put individual data points in geographical context to uncover broader tendencies. A retailer might be interested, for example, in knowing whether a new product is selling better in certain parts of the country. Let’s say it’s selling reasonably well at a location surrounded by dozens of stores where almost nobody is buying it. By comparing this store to its neighbors, a hot-spot test can identify this broader region as one where the retailer’s strategy is not working.
The same technique is used to reveal the regional scope of spoken dialects: Grieve compared each county’s “um”/”uh” split to those of several nearby geographical areas. “We do this because dialect data is generally very messy, so this is a way of extracting the underlying regional signal,” Grieve said in an email to Quartz. To test the algorithm’s validity, he tried hot-spot testing on sets of random data. These tests revealed no trends whatsoever, he said.
This is what the data look like before hot-spot testing, with a percentage of “uh” versus “um” for each county:
Tap image to zoom
More, uh, possibilities
Geography is not the only possible answer to the “um” versus “uh” mystery. Earlier research by Liberman suggests that women use “um” more often than men. Also, using these in writing is much different than using them in, uh, person. People on Twitter, for example, often use it to express awkwardness or condescension.
Here’s an “um” that pokes fun at Apple executives, for example:
Apple Event 2014: "Um so like.. it's a watch.. so you can.. put it on your wrist" *puts on wrist* "Now you know the time" *standing ovation*
— durrmasse (@durrmasse) September 11, 2014
And an “uh” that does the same for the Obama administration’s view on its authorization to use military force against terrorists:
In May, Pentagon's top lawyer said Obama wanted to repeal AUMF just, uh, not yet http://t.co/pQUDtnhtoB #StAugustine pic.twitter.com/LmdWpeNM4o
— Spencer Ackerman (@attackerman) September 11, 2014
Nevertheless, the tone of Twitter prose is informal, meaning colloquialism and linguistic quirks come through. And even if people use “um” and “uh” for snark, they still have to choose one over the other. Grieve is looking to mine the Twitterverse for ever more linguistic insights. We’ll, erm, keep you updated as new data come out.
Correction: Uhhhh, the original version of this piece transposed “um” and “uh.” The maps and some text have been corrected to fix the error, which was brought to our attention by the researchers on Sept. 17.
Share this:

Inflation dip encouraging  but caution recommended: Debopam ChaudhuriE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

No question of demolishing Ram Sethu: Gadkarinational politics
India’s waterways could contribute at least two per cent to the country’s GDP, Union Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari said here on Monday.
In an interaction with journalists, Mr. Gadkari outlined an ambitious agenda for the development of India’s underutilised waterways.
“We give subsidy to the polluting roadways and impose surcharges on the non-polluting water transport…developing the waterways is our top priority…it will revolutionise [transport],” he said.
Waterways were cheaper than rail and road, less polluting and resulted in fewer accidents, Mr. Gadkari said, adding they would throw open a whole new world of opportunities in the tourism sector.
He said the government was planning to introduce sea-planes, water buses, hovercrafts and floating hotels and restaurants to connect coastal towns like Cochin and the Andamans.
“We will turn all water bodies… dams, lakes etc. to water ports [like airports],” he said.
Announcing plans to connect the Haldia port to the North-Eastern States through the Brahmaputra river, Mr. Gadkari said the shipping industry was his highest priority.
He said the loss-making Shipping Corporation of India had turned a profit of Rs.50 crore during the first 100 days of the Narendra Modi government. “You will see a revolutionary change in water transport and shipping in the coming two years,” he said.
Mr. Gadkari also spelled out plans to develop a thriving ship-breaking industry in India.
'No question of breaking Ram Setu'
While he avoided any questions related to the poll-bound Haryana and Maharashtra, the Minister said the government would soon clarify its position on the Ram Sethu (Adam’s Bridge) issue.
“There’s no question of breaking it… we will go to the Cabinet… within one month. We will make our position clear on Ram Sethu,” he said.
Besides speaking to journalists present at the National Media Centre here, Mr. Gadkari also fielded questions from journalists across the country via video conferencing.
When, after Guwahati, Ranchi and Patna, it was Ahmedabad’s turn to pose a question, the journalists present there said “yahan se koi sawal nahi hain [there are no questions from here]”, raising a laugh at the press conference.

Rupee Ends at 61.13  Sees Biggest One-Day Fall in 1-1/2 MonthsYes Bank Gains Over 3%, RBI Removes Curbs on FII Share Purchase
The rupee hit a one-month low and saw its biggest single-day decline in nearly one-and-a-half months on Monday, tracking weakness in other Asian currencies, while dollar demand from custodian banks due to the fall in the share market also hurt.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 61.13/14 per dollar, after hitting 61.18, a level last seen on Aug. 13. It had closed at 60.65/66 on Friday.
The wholesale price inflation eased to its lowest level in nearly five years in August, but the central bank is likely to keep interest rates on hold later this month to prevent a revival in price pressures once the economy gains momentum.
Asian currencies took a hammering on Monday and the dollar further strengthened after data out on Saturday showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, and growth in other key sectors also cooled.
Caution on emerging market currencies is expected to continue as the US Federal Reserve is set to hold its policy meeting amidst concerns that it may raise interest rates earlier than previously anticipated, while Scotland is also due to hold its independence vote.
"We are seeing some kind of convergence between the rupee and other falling Asian currencies considering that the rupee has been an outlier in this space so far," said Anindya Banerjee, a currency analyst at Kotak Securities, a brokerage in Mumbai.
"The rupee still has a lot of catching up to do here, which means that it would continue to remain under pressure until the Fed meeting provides some clarity."
Analysts were disappointed after data last week showed that India's industrial output growth hit a four-month low in July while inflation remained high.
The sharp fall in the core retail inflation print however was a relief for markets.
The local currency recovered some of the losses after RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said India's macroeconomic indicators are improving and inflation has been coming down in line with central bank's estimates.
However, most traders expect the local unit to continue to struggle against the dollar, with some pointing out that the rupee may slide to 61.70-62.00 levels if the key 61.35 level is breached.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.51 while the three-month contract was at 62.12.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

TAG Heuer ropes in Ranbir Kapoor as brand ambassadorHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
TAG Heuer ropes in Ranbir Kapoor as brand ambassador
Our Bureau
Tweet
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
Luxury watch brand TAG Heuer has signed up Bollywood actor Ranbir Kapoor for a long-term partnership as its brand ambassador.
In a statement, TAG Heuer CEO Stephane Linder said, “The campaign captures the mental strength of our Dream Team, athletes and partners, who reflect the values of the TAG Heuer shield. Be it Cristiano Ronaldo the perfectionist, Maria Sharapova the irresistible, Shah Rukh Khan the King of Bollywood or our latest ambassador Ranbir Kapoor the Bollywood heartthrob & youth icon of today.
“In India, we are proud to have two of the best names in Bollywood sporting TAG Heuer and we see a great future with them in the coming years.”
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Court asks Satyam case accused to appear before it next monthCourt asks Satyam case accused to appear before it next month
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 15, 2014 08:42 PM IST
A special court, set up exclusively to deal with the erstwhile Satyam Computer Services accounting fraud case, on Monday directed all the 10 accused, including company's founder B Ramalinga Raju, to appear before it on October 27.
The trial in the case, touted to be the biggest corporate fraud in the country, completed in June this year and judgement is awaited.
During the trial, the court examined 216 witnesses and 3,038 documents produced by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), which alleged that the scam had resulted in a loss of Rs 14,000 crore to Satyam shareholders. The scandal came to light on January 7, 2009, when Ramalinga Raju confessed to a massive accounting fraud in a letter addressed to the company’s board members. Satyam was subsequently taken over by Tech Mahindra.
Meanwhile, the CBI probed the case and filed three charge sheets.
The charges ranged from criminal conspiracy to breach of trust, forgery and cheating and the punishment could be up to 10 years imprisonment and fine.

500 migrants feared dead in Mediterranean shipwreck500 migrants feared dead in Malta shipwreck
Reuters
print
More than 700 people fleeing Africa and the West Asia may have drowned in the latest shipwrecks in the Mediterranean, bringing the death toll this year to almost 3,000, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said on Monday.
In the worst incident, as many as 500 migrants are believed to have died after traffickers rammed their ship off Malta's coast last week, an event that only came to light this weekend in testimony from two of the nine survivors.
The survivors said the traffickers ordered the migrants to change vessels in the middle of the Mediterranean. The migrants refused, leading to a confrontation that ended when traffickers rammed the ship carrying the migrants, IOM spokesperson Christiane Berthiaume told Reuters in Geneva.
"Some 500 people were on board - Syrians, Palestinians, Egyptians and Sudanese. They were trying to reach Europe," Berthiaume said.
"That means that 700 people perished at sea these last days in the Mediterranean, the deadliest incidents in the space of a few days," she said.
In this handout picture released by the Italian Navy migrants sit in a boat during a rescue operation off the coast of Sicily. (AFP photo/Marina Militare)
The vessel had set off on Saturday, September 6 from Damiette, Egypt, and sank off Malta's coast on September 10, she said. The UN refugee agency also learned of the shipwreck, but said its information was the wreck occurred on Friday.
"In all, nine people survived and were picked up boats," Berthiaume said. IOM officials interviewed two Palestinian survivors who were taken to Sicily, Italy, while other survivors were taken to Malta and to Crete, Greece, Berthiaume said.
Four days later, another ship packed with up to 250 African emigrants sank off the Libyan coast, and most of them are feared dead, a spokesperson for the Libyan navy said late on Sunday. Some 26 people survived.
The UN refugee agency UNHCR said the situation in the Mediterranean was unclear and it was trying to get confirmation of five shipwrecks in all. "At least 500 people have died or are missing in the last three days", UNHCR spokesperson Francis Markus said in an email.
In this handout picture released by the Italian Navy migrants sit in a boat during a rescue operation off the coast of Sicily. (AFP photo/Marina Militare)
"It was without any doubt the deadliest weekend ever in the Mediterranean," Carlotta Sami of the UNHCR said.
Some 130,000 people have arrived in Europe by sea so far this year, compared with 60,000 last year, according to the UNHCR. Italy has received more than 118,000, most of them rescued at sea under its naval operation Mare Nostrum.
UN high commissioner for refugees Antonio Guterres and UNHCR special envoy Angelina Jolie visited the naval rescue headquarters in Malta on Sunday, meeting survivors, the agency said in a statement issued on Monday.
"Amidst concerns about the sustainability of the Italian Mare Nostrum operation, they also called for increased efforts by European nations to contribute to rescue efforts and reduce deaths at sea," the UNHCR said.
Half of those arriving in Europe by boat are refugees from Syria and Eritrea, according to the agency.
Angelina Jolie, centre, who serves as Special Envoy for the United Nations High Commission for Refugees, listens to officers in the Maltese military discuss rescue at sea operations for refugees at a military base in Valetta, Malta. (AP Photo) 
"We all need to wake up to the scale of this crisis. There is a direct link between the conflicts in Syria and elsewhere and the rise in deaths at sea in the Mediterranean. We have to understand what drives people to take the fearful step of risking their children's lives on crowded, unsafe vessels; it is the overwhelming desire to find refuge," Jolie said.
"It is also part of a bigger problem - the soaring numbers of people displaced by conflicts around the world today, which now stands at over 51 million. Unless we address the root causes of these conflicts, the numbers of refugees dying or unable to find protection will continue to rise," she said.

Centre seeks consensus for changes in Land Acquisition ActSep 15, 2014 at 05:52pm IST
Centre seeks consensus for changes in Land Acquisition Act
7
0
New Delhi: The central government on Monday sought "consensus" to bring changes in the Land Acquisition Act to make it more investor-friendly but said it was not happening due to the "contradictory views" within political parties which are wanting changes in the legislation.
Rural Development Minister Nitin Gadkari also hit out at the "microscopic minority" of Opposition leaders for stalling the government's efforts to build consensus on bringing changes in the key farmer-friendly Act passed during the UPA's period.
The minister said he was "confused". "The issue is the microscopic minority leaders sitting in Delhi. Their practical chief ministers are saying something. They are giving in writing (the need for bringing changes in the Act). These people (microscopic minority leaders) are saying something else. I am confused," Gadkari said reacting to questions on the status of the government's efforts to bring changes in the Land Acquisition Act.
"Leaders of the parties which have presence in Parliament are saying that you do something to bring changes in Land Acquisition Act," Gadkari said.
Replying to the Opposition's allegations that the government was bringing changes in the Act to please the industry, he also made it clear that the priority of the NDA was welfare of poor and there was "no question of reducing
compensation package for farmers whose land is acquired for projects".
"Leaders from every political party were telling me in writing to bring changes in the Act... I wish to make it clear that whenever there will be a consensus on the matter, then the government will take a decision. There is no general consensus on the issue right now," the minister said at a press conference convened to highlight the achievements of his ministries during the first 100 days of the new government.
"Leaders of the parties which have presence in Parliament are saying that you do something to bring changes in Land Acquisition Act. These are people from the CPI (M), Congress, NCP and BJP...," Gadkari said.
Gadkari rejected allegations that the government was trying to make the farmer-friendly Act more industry-friendly. "This is not an issue that favours industry or contractor," he said, adding that the development initiative of the NDA government was to address unemployment and poverty in the backward areas of the country.
"There is no question of doing any injustice to poor. Our government is committed to work for poor people," he said. He said that there is also no question of reducing the compensation package for farmers whose land is acquired for projects.
"We are trying to increase it. There is no compromise on the issue of rehabilitation of poor affected by the projects. We will try to strengthen it," Gadkari said. He, however, did not specify about the provisions the government intends to change. In a note sent to the PMO recently, the Rural Development Ministry, which held a meeting of the state Revenue Ministers, has suggested a number of amendments to the Act that seeks to dilute pro-farmer provisions like mandatory consent of at least 70 per cent locals for acquiring land for PPP projects and 80 per cent for acquiring land for private projects.
The ministry's proposals also include dilution of a key clause of Social Impact Assessment study criticised by states as time consuming for industrialisation process.
"The Consent Clause (Section 2(2)) should be re-examined as ownership of land vests with the government in PPP projects. The consent clause should be removed from PPP projects. Alternatively, consent requirement may be brought down to 50 per cent," the ministry has said in its note.
It has said that "mandatory Social Impact Assessment study should be done away with". SIA should be confined to large projects/PPP projects as it may delay acquisition process.
6

Congress files legal suit against ex-CAG Vinod Rai32
0
New Delhi: Congress has sent legal notice to ex Comptroller & Auditor General Vinod Rai after he targeted former Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh and questioned his integrity as the head of the Union Cabinet when major scams like 2G spectrum scam and Coalgate took place under his nose.
Congress's Sanjay Nirupam has filed the legal suite against Rai.
Rai, who is writing a book on his days as head of CAG suggested that Singh was more interested in remaining in power. Being extremely critical of the UPA government, he said his phone was tapped by the Centre and he felt Singh was part of the decisions to allocate 2G telecom spectrum on first-cum-first serve basis and coal blocks without auction.
Rai, who is writing a book on his days as head of CAG suggested that Singh was more interested in remaining in power.
#vinod rai #congress #cag #manmohan singh
"...in 2G and coal there is no way he (Singh) can shirk responsibility. In 2G all the letters written by (then telecom Minister) A Raja were to him and he was replying to those letters. I got no reply to any letter I wrote to him.
25

J&K floods: Ludhiana s hosiery industry fears heavy losses3
0
Chandigarh: Ludhiana's famous hosiery industry fears heavy financial losses because of floods in Kashmir as it is not hopeful of receiving payments for the supply of woollen items to the flood-ravaged valley, now seeking support from the Centre to bail it out.
"Ludhiana's hosiery industry is not hopeful of getting back its payments from buyers in Kashmir for the supply of woollen items as floods have caused unimaginable destruction in Kashmir," Knitwear  Club, Chairman, Vinod Thapar said on Monday.
Describing massive destruction in Kashmir as "biggest setback" to one of the oldest hosiery clusters, Thapar said that majority of industrial units engaged in supply of woollen items to Kashmir, were fearing heavy losses on account of payments getting stuck.
Knitwear Club is an association of about 700 hosiery and readymade garment makers in Ludhiana.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #ludhiana #knitwear club
Knitwear Club is an association of about 700 hosiery and readymade garment makers in Ludhiana. "There has been no contact with the buyers in Kashmir because of paralysed telecom network, caused by floods" said Thapar while sharing the pain and grief of the victims of flood-affected Kashmir.
As per industry analysts, the payments in the range of Rs 50 to Rs 100 crore are likely to get stuck. Ludhiana's hosiery industry supplies range of sweaters, pullovers, jackets, shawls and blankets to Kashmir as the valley is a potential market for woollen items.
"As against other markets in the country, Kashmir has demand for hosiery items for most number of months which is 10 months in a year," said Thapar. Some of the hosiery units owners are also unaware of the status of consignments supplied before the devastation took place in the valley.
"We supplied truck load of woollen items worth Rs 30 lakh on September 2 to one of our buyers in Kashmir. But so far we have not been to know whether the consignment reached its destination, triggering worries about hosiery goods," Ludhiana-based Companion Hosiery, Director, Suraj Gupta. Gupta, whose factory has been supplying hosiery items to Kashmir since 1962, said, "we have not been able to establish contact with our buyers in Kashmir because of floods.
"In a way, we are also one of the sufferers of floods in Kashmir as payments are going to get stuck," he said. Industry demanded from the Centre to come forward and bail it out.
"The government should take notice of possible financial loss to the industry and announce some compensation for the same," said Gupta. Meanwhile, Jalandhar's sports industry is also fearing unavailability of Kashmir willow wood because of floods causing massive damage in the valley.
"There is going to be a shortage of wood coming from Kashmir which is used in making cricket bats because of floods in the valley," said Jalandhar-based Ranson Sports managing partner Raghunath Rana. He said that as per rough estimates, about 4-5 lakh cricket bats are manufactured from Kashmir willow annually in Jalandhar.
2

Coming soon: Smartphone batteries with superfast charging4
0
New York: At a time when scientists the world over are looking for ways to extend smartphone battery life, a new study suggests that rapid charging and draining does not damage lithium ion electrodes as much as earlier thought.
The results challenge the prevailing view that "supercharging" batteries is always harder on battery electrodes than charging at slower rates.
"The scientists may be able to modify electrodes or change the way batteries are charged to promote more uniform charging and discharging and extend battery life," suggest researchers from the Stanford University and the Stanford Institute for Materials & Energy Sciences (SIMES) at the Department of Energy's SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory in the US.
A new study suggests that rapid charging and draining does not damage lithium ion electrodes as much as earlier thought. ( Phone battery , via Shutterstock)
#supercharging #smartphones #smartphone batteries
"The fine detail of what happens in an electrode during charging and discharging is just one of many factors that determine battery life but it is one that, until this study, was not adequately understood," said William Chueh, an assistant professor at SIMES.
For the study, scientists looked at a positive electrode made of billions of nano-particles of lithium iron phosphate.
They made small coin cell batteries, charged them with different levels of current for various periods of time, quickly took them apart and rinsed the components to stop the charge/discharge process.
Then they cut the electrode into extremely thin slices and took them to Berkeley Lab for examination with intense X-rays.
"We were able to look at thousands of electrode nano-particles at a time and get snapshots of them at different stages during charging and discharging," said Stanford graduate student Yiyang Li.
This suggests that scientists may be able to tweak the electrode material or the process to get faster rates of charging and discharging while maintaining long battery life.
"The results can be directly applied to many oxide and graphite electrodes used in today's commercial lithium ion batteries and in about half of those under development," Chueh noted.
The paper appeared in the journal Natural Materials.
0

Happyness app tracks what makes you truly happySep 15, 2014 at 05:53pm IST
Happyness app tracks what makes you truly happy
3
0
Washington: Do you think the smartphone is a source of undue stress? Try this app created by three students at the University of California-Berkeley that claims to make them a source of goodness.
The Happyness app is marketed as a tool to help you focus on what truly matters in life.
By tracking your moods throughout the day, the app - available now for iOS devices - can help you extract the best parts of your day, month and life.
The Happyness app is marketed as a tool to help you focus on what truly matters in life.
"The app lets you rate your current level of happiness and add a journal entry to keep track of when and where you felt the best," claims the developer on their website.
After collecting the data, the app will create visualisations of your happiness ratings over time.
This cheerful piece of technology follows in the footsteps of another popular app - Happify.
Unlike Happyness (which costs just $0.99), Happify offers goals and concrete ideas to improve your mood.
Happify comes with a price tag of $69.99 for a year's subscription.
0

1% of group s profit will go to education initiatives: Mahindra1% of group's profit will go to education work: Mahindra
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 16, 2014 12:19 AM IST
The Mahindra Group, plans to invest at least one percent of the group's net profit in educational initiatives as part of the group's corporate social responsibility initiatives.  
Ananda Mahindra, Chairman and Managing Director of Mahindra Group today said with companies required to spend two per cent of their net profit on corporate social responsibility (CSR) initiatives, the amount the group invests in education activities will go up substantially.
“The amount we invest in education would go up substantially as the law requires us to set aside two per cent for CSR activities and this is the first year in which we are now deciding how to allocate these funds,” Mahindra said, adding that the group's CSR council has decided that 50 per cent of the two  per cent will be given by the companies (with in the group) to their particular causes and other 50 per cent will be decided by the group.
"So around one per cent would be decided by the group's CSR council. By and large we have focussed and allocated a lion's share to education," Mahindra added.
Considering one per cent of the group's profit, spend on education initiatives from the group would amount to around 47 crore a year. The group's consolidated profit after tax (after deducting minority interests) for 2013-14 is Rs 4667 crore as compared to Rs 4099.2 crore in the previous year– a growth of 13.8 per cent.
Anand Mahindra, Governor of UWC Mahindra College and Shelby M.C. Davis, UWC International Patron, today announced commitment of a total of $12.5 million scholarship funding over the next five years.
Shelby Davis will contribute $7.5 million, $1.5 million a year for the next five years. Of this total, $5 million will provide additional funding for the Davis Scholarships, which already support more than 100 Americans to attend UWC-USA in New Mexico and the 13 other UWC schools and colleges.
The remaining $2.5 million will continue Davis’ support for the Davis International Scholarships, established a decade ago and operating in every UWC college.
The Mahindra Group will contribute approximately $5 million, for five years, in support of need-based scholarships for students at UWC Mahindra College.
These funds are expected to support 50 new scholarships each year, 25 for Indian students and another 25 for students selected by UWC national committees in other countries.

Coal scam: CBI to file revised charge sheet on September30CBI had earlier filed charge sheet against Navbharat Power Pvt Ltd (NPPL), its Managing Director and Vice-Chairman Harish Chandra Prasad and its Chairman P Trivikrama Prasad in the case.
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 6:24 pm
CBI on Monday told a special court that it would file a revised charge sheet on September 30 in a coal blocks allocation scam case allegedly involving Navbharat Power Pvt Ltd and others. Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar was informed by special public prosecutor R S Cheema that the agency would file the revised final report in the case which would be comprehensive and would address the lacunae pointed by the court earlier.
The court noted, in its order, that Cheema has informed the CBI Director that investigating officers (IO) should include in the final reports the reasons for arriving at a conclusion for filing a charge sheet or closure report in a particular case.
The court fixed the matter for further proceedings on September 30.
CBI had earlier filed charge sheet against Navbharat Power Pvt Ltd (NPPL), its Managing Director and Vice-Chairman Harish Chandra Prasad and its Chairman P Trivikrama Prasad in the case.
The charge sheet was filed against NPPL and its officials for offences under sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy) read with 420 (cheating) of IPC for allegedly misrepresenting facts, including inflated net worth, to acquire coal blocks.
CBI had also alleged that net worth of the firm applying for coal blocks was an important factor to determine its financial strength and NPPL had fraudulently claimed in its application form that it was supported by Globeleq Singapore Pvt Ltd, Navbharat Ventures Ltd and Mahalaxmi Group Ltd.
NPPL and its officials were named as accused by the agency for allegedly conspiring and cheating by misrepresenting facts to “embellish” its applications to get allotments between 2006 and 2009.
The FIR in the case was lodged after a preliminary enquiry was initiated by CBI on a reference by CVC.
The court had earlier asked the IOs in the coal scam cases to go through the August 25 judgement of the Supreme Court in which all coal blocks allocated during 1993 to 2010 were held as illegal.
The apex court, on August 25, has held that all coal block allocations made since 1993 till 2010 before pre-auction era during the previous NDA and UPA regimes were done in illegal manner by an “ad-hoc and casual” approach “without application of mind”.
Earlier, the special public prosecutor had told the court that he had informed the CBI authorities to prepare a comprehensive report giving all the details related to the case.
He had also said that he had informed CBI to examine and analyse the alleged role of private parties and public servants in the case in an objective and prudent manner.

Global carriers announce massive discounts i...Global carriers announce massive discounts in India; Tigerair offers Rs 10 base fare to Singapore
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 06.25PM IST
Tags:
Chennai
(Tigerair announced a…)
NEW DELHI: Initiating a fare war on global routes, Qatar Airways and Singaporean budget carrier Tigerair today announced massive limited-period discounts hoping to corner a chunk of the Indian travel market share.
While Tigerair announced a special one-way base fare of Rs 10 only to Singapore for Indian passengers to commemorate completion of decade-long operations, Qatar Airways launched a global promotional offer of up to 25 per cent savings on its tickets to over 140 destinations across the world.
Tigerair's Rs 10 one-way fare offer to Singapore would be applicable only on round trip tickets from India, under which the fare could be as low as Rs 7,499 including taxes, the airline said in a statement here.
The Qatar Airways' promotional fare tickets under its three-day 'The World is Yours' global sale would have to be bought between today and Wednesday for travel from September 25 till June 15 next year", the airline said in a statement.
The discount of up to 25 per cent is being offered for return travel in all classes for travel from India via its Doha hub, a Qatar Airways statement said, adding that there were limited seats on offer subject to availability.
The airline connects 12 cities in India via Doha to an array of destinations like Barcelona, Dallas, London, Miami, New York, Paris, Rome and several others.
In the statement, its Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker said, "Qatar Airways' global sale is eagerly awaited by our passengers and with up to 25 percent discount on return fares, there will never be a better time for our customers to plan leisure or business trips."
Tigerair's tickets which can be booked till September 21 would be valid for travel commencing January 12 to March 31, 2015, and July 21 to September 22, it said.
The airline was also offering special all-in return fares starting Rs 11,999 to destinations like, Bali, Jakarta, Perth, Manila, Hong Kong, Sydney, Gold coast via Singapore. Flights to Sydney and Gold Coast would be operated in collaboration with Scoot, another Singapore-based low-cost long-haul airline, the statement said.
The offers can be availed of on Tigerair's official website from any of the five cities of Bangalore, Chennai , Hyderabad, Kochi and Tiruchirappalli. Tigerair operates total 37 weekly flights to Singapore from six Indian destinations.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India slams Pak for giving clean chit to Haf...You are here: Home > Collections > Pakistan
India slams Pakistan for giving clean chit to Hafiz Saeed, demands his arrest
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 06.40PM IST
Tags:
Hafiz Saeed
(166 people were killed in…)
NEW DELHI: India today hit out at Pakistan for its remarks that Hafiz Saeed had no case against him and he was free to roam, saying the designated terrorist was the "evil" mastermind behind the Mumbai attacks and it devolves on Pakistan to bring the chief of terror outfit JuD to book and deliver justice.
"Our views on Hafiz Saeed are very clear. To us, he is the evil mastermind of the attacks on Mumbai and one of the accused in an Indian court for killings on streets of Mumbai. We have repeatedly asked Pakistan that he should be apprehended and taken through normal judicial process.
"Alas! He has never been arrested on account of 26/11. Therefore.... he is only free because he is a Pakistani citizen," External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said here.
The sharp reaction by India came within hours of Pakistan High Commission Abdul Basit's remarks that "Hafiz Saeed is a Pakistani national so he is free to roam around. So what is the problem...he is a free citizen so there is no issue as far as Pakistan is concerned. Courts have already exonerated him. There is no case pending against him."
Asked about Pakistan's stand that there was not enough evidence to prove his involvement, the MEA Spokesperson said, "99 per cent evidence in this case is in Pakistan. That is because the entire conspiracy was hatched in Pakistan. The planning for this dastardly act was done in Pakistan.
The financing for this act was undertaken in Pakistan and people involved who were involved in this were from Pakistan. Therefore, it has always been our view that it devolves on Pakistan that it ensures that criminals like Hafiz Saeed were brought to book and justice was delivered in the instance of crime in Mumbai."
166 people were killed in the terror strike in Mumbai in 2008. New Delhi has also protested the delay in the on-going trial of the case in Pakistan.
Recently, Saeed, known for his anti-India tirade and designated as a terrorist by the US, has also accused India of indulging in "water-terrorism".
FEATURED ARTICLES

Coal scam: CBI to file revised chargesheet o...CBI
(CBI had earlier filed charge…)
NEW DELHI: CBI today told a special court that it would file a revised charge sheet on September 30 in a coal blocks allocation scam case allegedly involving Navbharat Power Pvt Ltd and others.
Special CBI Judge Bharat Parashar was informed by special public prosecutor R S Cheema that the agency would file the revised final report in the case which would be comprehensive and would address the lacunae pointed by the court earlier.
The court noted, in its order, that Cheema has informed the CBI Director that investigating officers (IO) should include in the final reports the reasons for arriving at a conclusion for filing a charge sheet or closure report in a particular case.
The court fixed the matter for further proceedings on September 30.
CBI had earlier filed charge sheet against Navbharat Power Pvt Ltd (NPPL), its Managing Director and Vice-Chairman Harish Chandra Prasad and its Chairman P Trivikrama Prasad in the case.
The charge sheet was filed against NPPL and its officials for offences under sections 120-B (criminal conspiracy) read with 420 (cheating) of IPC for allegedly misrepresenting facts, including inflated net worth, to acquire coal blocks.
CBI had also alleged that net worth of the firm applying for coal blocks was an important factor to determine its financial strength and NPPL had fraudulently claimed in its application form that it was supported by Globeleq Singapore Pvt Ltd, Navbharat Ventures Ltd and Mahalaxmi Group Ltd .
FEATURED ARTICLES

4 generations on  Heineken family won t loos...Four generations on, Heineken family won't loosen grip
By Reuters | 15 Sep, 2014, 06.35PM IST
Begun in 1864 by Gerard Adriaan Heineken with the purchase of a brewery in Amsterdam, the company now has more than 165 plants .
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
BRUSSELS: Four generations and 150 years on from the founding father of Heineken, the Dutch brewing family shows no signs of wanting to relinquish control.
Begun in 1864 by Gerard Adriaan Heineken with the purchase of a brewery in Amsterdam, the company now has more than 165 plants in over 70 countries and is the world's third-largest beer maker - yet his great-granddaughter Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken is still wedded to the firm.
The 60-year-old, the family's leading figure, firmly rebuffed the advance of Heineken's larger rival SABMiller
last Friday about a possible takeover.
A statement said her family intended to preserve the heritage and identity of Heineken as an independent brewer and expressed confidence that the company would continue to deliver growth and shareholder value.
The Heineken family retains a controlling interest in the brewer, Heineken N.V., via a tiered holding structure.
The family owns 88.67 percent of investment vehicle L'Arche Green , which in turn has 51.709 per cent of listed Heineken Holding. That has a 50.005 per cent stake in the brewer.
The family therefore controls the group while holding an economic interest of only about 23 per cent, itself enough for a 118 million euro (152.4 million) payout in dividends last year.
Comfortable with their ample wealth, their priority is retaining control of the brewer and there is little obvious reason for them to accept a takeover offer from a rival, regardless of price.
SABMiller may have been willing to welcome the Heinekens/Carvalhos as shareholders in a larger SAB/Heineken combination.
However Trevor Stirling, beverage analyst at Bernstein Research in London, estimates that the family would have ended up with about 14 percent of the combined company, leaving them with a lower stake than tobacco group Altria and the loss of effective control of the business.
KIDNAPPED
Charlene de Carvalho-Heineken, whose principal residence is London, does not seek the limelight, rarely talking about her company or her family's wealth. Her own net worth is estimated at $12.2 billion, putting her 99th in the Forbes list of the world's richest people.
She is the daughter of Freddy Heineken, who set up Heineken Holding in 1952 and made Heineken a brand recognised around the world.
He also made headlines around the world when he was kidnapped with his driver and held captive for three weeks in 1983 before he was freed after the payment of a ransom - an ordeal which spawned a 2011 film starring Rutger Hauer: "The Heineken Kidnapping".
The family remains embedded in the company. De Carvalho-Heineken's 29-year-old son Alexander joined the board of Heineken Holding in 2013.
Her British husband, Michel de Carvalho, a banker at Citi, has been on the brewer's supervisory board for the past 18 years.
Michel, 70, is more obviously outgoing than his wife, more readily responding to questions at the opening of Holland Heineken House, a meeting place for Dutch athletes at the 2012 London Olympics, after she had confessed an interest in horse riding.
Michel appeared in three Winter Olympics as a British alpine skier and luger and was once a child actor, playing Farraj in Lawrence of Arabia, an orphan servant shot by Lawrence to save him from being taken by the Turks.
In the 12 years since Freddy Heineken died and his daughter took charge, Heineken has transformed itself into a truly global business, making almost 20 billion litres of beer per year.
With steady expansion in Africa, including Nigeria where it is the leading brewer, a 2010 purchase of the beer business of Mexico's FEMSA and its acquisition of the whole of Asia Pacific Breweries in 2012, it has expanded well beyond its European base, while still being the continent's biggest beer supplier.
The company says it sells two-thirds of its volumes to faster-growing emerging markets, with brands such as Sol and Tiger. Heineken lager is the top-selling international beer brand, the company's cider business is growing and more recent innovations include Desperados, a tequila-flavoured beer.

MNREGA may be restricted to tribal  backward...MNREGA may be restricted only to tribal, backward districts
Sep 16, 2014, 02.27AM IST
Tags:
MNREGA
(Gadkari said that the MNREGA guaranteeing…)
NEW DELHI: Rural development minister Nitin Gadkari has indicated that the new government may restrict the rural employment guarantee scheme, the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act, only to tribal and backward districts of the country.
"MNREGA is not required in areas where per capita income is high, higher growth rate and higher agricultural growth rate... it is required only in tribal sector and (areas of) poor," Gadkari said.
However, this may not be anytime soon because the idea to restrict the scope of MGNREGA will have to be vetted by all stakeholders after which the government will have to amend the Act.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Reveal name of whistleblower in CBI chief case: SCComments
The Supreme Court Monday directed lawyer-activist Prashant Bhushan to disclose the identity of the ‘whistle-blower’ who gave him a copy of the guest register of CBI director Ranjit Sinha’s residence.
A bench headed by Justice HL Dattu asked Bhushan to submit the name — in a sealed envelope — directly before the court takes any decision on the application moved by the Centre for Public Interest and Litigation (CPIL), which has charged Sinha with compromising investigations in the case as he met senior executives of an accused company at his 2, Janpath residence here.
“We want to know how authentic the gentleman is as this (application) has a serious consequences on the proceedings,” the bench said, fixing September 22 for further hearing.
Video: SC asks Bhushan to reveal name of whistleblower in CBI chief case
Sinha’s counsel, senior advocate Vikas Singh, deprecated Bhushan for filing an application, containing “frivolous” and “baseless,” allegations in contravention to the SC rules and pointed fingers at a business house for the alleged leaks. He challenged the claim that Sinha had given an opinion to protect former Union Minister Dayanidhi Maran in the Aircel-Maxis deal.
“He says it’s a water-tight case. From where does he get it? There is nothing of this nature,” Singh said, accusing Bhushan of undermining the CBI director’s reputation.
CBI counsel senior advocate KK Venugopal wanted the court to direct Bhushan to name the person giving him information about the secret file notings, a request declined by the court.
Bhushan urged the court not to pass the direction seeking the whistle-blower’s name as it would expose him to harassment by his seniors. “I am willing to stake my life for the authenticity of the register. The entries are made in different hand-writings... There are not only names, but also car numbers and the entry and exit time. To ascertain whether my allegations against the director accusing him of interfering with the trial are correct, the same can be checked from the records,” Bhushan said.

11 high-growth companies getting slammedProfits soar yet stocks fall at 11 companies
By: Matt Krantz September 15, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Photo: USA TODAY
Investors have no trouble understanding when stocks get slammed if they don’t deliver earnings growth. But what about stocks that get hammered even when the companies are putting up better-than-average profit growth and are expected to be profit machines?
It’s not common, but it’s happening. There are 11 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including Cabot Oil (COG) , GameStop (GME) and Fossil Group (FOSL) that are down 10% or more this year despite the companies expected to post 10% or stronger adjusted earnings growth this calendar year, according to a USA TODAY review of stocks from S&P Capital IQ.
These stocks are fighting an uphill battle with investor perception as they’re expected to deliver profit growth, but not getting any credit for it. It’s a harsh reality are today’s markets where company’s fundamentals may meet or even beat those of the broad market, but sometimes the stock doesn’t keep up because investors fear some external shock.
The 10% or better earnings growth expected from these companies this year well outstrips the 7.9% earnings growth expected for the S&P 500 as a whole this year, says S&P Capital IQ. And yet, the S&P 500 is up more than 8% this year, while these stocks are down more than 10%.
Many of these stocks that are down despite expected higher earnings expectations are getting hit by the perception there could be trouble ahead. Perhaps the best example is Fossil, which makes accessories including watches. Shares of the stock are underpressure, falling more than 14%, even though analysts see earnings growing 10% this year. Among the risk factors: The fear that smartwatches might eat into Fossil’s once-lucrative watch franchise. The company has yet to make any motions to partner with a technology company to offer a smartwatch of its own. It’s hard to say if the fear is real — but investors often trade on perception, not immediate facts.
Chart source: MSN Money
Similarly, shares of GameStop have fallen 11.5% this year, despite analysts predicting nearly 23% earnings growth in calendar 214. Again, investors have been bearish on the stock on the idea that low-cost smartphone games would eat into GameStop’s business. And the rise of downloadable games, too, is a long term risk. But the company appears to be finding ways to keep earnings growing.
Chart source: MSN Money
Clearly, the analysts are perhaps being overly optimistic. All but one of the stocks, Transocean (RIG) are rated “outperform” or “buy.” And if analysts are being too postiive, maybe investors are wise to severely discount these stocks as they’re doing. But then again, maybe investors should be less worried about what could happen, and focus on what’s likely to happen.
Below are the 11 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 with stocks down 10% or more than year despite being expected to post 10% or greater adjusted earnings growth this year:
Company

India Forex Advisors` outlook on global marketLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
India Forex Advisors` outlook on global market
The Indian rupee was seen weakening to 61.17 levels after exhibiting a gap-up opening today in light of Friday’s weak industrial data, high import dollar demand and a negative slant in the equity markets, says India Forex Advisors.
Post your opinion here
 
India Forex Advisors' report on global market
The Indian rupee opened on a weaker note at 60.92 against the previous close of 60.65 against US dollar on the back of weak IIP data from India. The rupee touched one month low levels over the concerns of tight monetary policy by the US Fed. Overall USDINR made a low of 60.93 and a high of 60.17 before closing the session at 60.13 levels.
Indian stock markets opened on a negative note after the weak industrial production data from Indian and Chinese economy. India’s July IIP grew by 0.5% against 3.5% of the previous month. The benchmark index continued to fall despite the better WPI inflation numbers. India’s WPI hits 5 year low at 3.74% in August.
Globally, the Australian dollar fell to 9000 levels following weak industrial data on the Chinese front. Expectations of an unambiguous stance from the Fed remain high, in the absence of which we might see a huge dollar sell-off giving thrust to the EUR/USD and USD/JPY currency pairs.
OUTLOOK
The Indian rupee was seen weakening to 61.17 levels after exhibiting a gap-up opening today in light of Friday’s weak industrial data, high import dollar demand and a negative slant in the equity markets. On the domestic front, the Wholesale Price Index (WPI) eased to 3.74% for August; however, the effect on the currency was insignificant. Also, exports in August grew at 2.4% against imports at 2.1% - causing the trade deficit to narrow to $10.84 billion – the impact of which can be seen in the markets opening tomorrow. On the global front, we have the FOMC Monetary Policy by Janet Yellen providing cues to the expected hawkishness on the interest rate hike.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

CARE expects repo rate to be status-quo at 8%Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CARE expects repo rate to be status-quo at 8%
CARE Ratings do not expect any change in RBI’s policy stance later this month and thereby expect the repo rate to be status-quo at 8%.
Post your opinion here
 
Analysis of WPI inflation for August by CARE Ratings
Wholesale inflation decelerated for the third consecutive month this fiscal as it came in at 3.74% in August ’14 (y-o-y) as against a rate of 6.99% during the corresponding period of the previous fiscal year. While this slowdown in price rise is a positive sign with a marked decline across the broad heads of the WPI, it must be noted that the fall in inflation can also be attributed to the relatively higher base index in August ’13.
Build up inflation rate in the financial year so far (April –August’14) stood at 3% as against 5.2% in the corresponding period last year. This increase in build-up inflation has been contributed by primary articles (9.3%) particularly food articles (13.1%).Build up inflation for fuel & power declined to -0.1% as against 6.8% last year while manufacturing remained largely unchanged with a build-up inflation of 1%.
The lowering of inflation for the third consecutive month is indeed a positive sign for the economy, albeit with some statistical factors also at play. Going ahead, oil prices are likely to remain subdued owing to the low demand- excess supplies fundamental prevailing overseas. However, it remains to be seen how agricultural produce prices move from here on and particularly in the October – November ’14 period given the monsoon this year has been delayed and largely subdued.
We do not expect any change in RBI’s policy stance later this month and thereby expect the repo rate to be status-quo at 8%.
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

MCX Zinc may fall further by Rs 3-4: SharekhanLike this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
MCX Zinc may fall further by Rs 3-4: Sharekhan
According to Sharekhan, one can expect a further fall of Rs 3 to Rs 4 in MCX Zinc prices.
Post your opinion here
 
Zinc is at a key level: Sharekhan
As one can see from the adjacent chart, MCX zinc is trading near its crucial support level of Rs 138. On a decisive break-down of the said level one can expect a further fall of Rs 3 to Rs 4. If it takes support at the said level, on the upside one can expect a 50% retrenchment (from a high of Rs 145 to Rs 138), which comes to Rs 141.50 levels. The other technical observations are: the Relative Strength Index is valued at 33, the Momentum is valued at (1.1) and the Moving Average Convergence Divergence is valued at (1.24).
For all commodities report, click here
Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts/broking houses/rating agencies on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions.
To read the full report click here
RELATED NEWS

Wall St. to open flat with eyes on energy pricesDow, S&P 500 end at records after U.S. data, Intel outlook
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Tech shares gave the market its biggest lift, along with energy. Boosting all three major indexes, Intel shares jumped 4.7 percent to $35.95, hitting their highest level since January 2002, after its 2015 revenue outlook was above Wall Street's expectations and the company raised its dividend.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
The S&P technology index rose 0.6 percent, while the energy index gained 1.1 percent.
Further supporting stocks, data showed factory activity in the U.S. mid-Atlantic region grew at its fastest pace in two decades, U.S. home resales jumped to their highest in more than a year in October, and a gauge of future U.S. economic activity gained.
Growth in the economy and earnings should bode well for stocks heading into next year, said Margaret Patel, senior portfolio manager at Wells Capital Management.
"Next year will be a reasonable to maybe a surprisingly good year," she said. "(There is) no reason in the world why we can't see P/Es expand." Patel said stocks could rise by a mid single-digit to high-teens percentage next year.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 33.27 points, or 0.19 percent, to 17,719, a record close. The S&P 500 gained 4.03 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,052.75, its 44th record high this year.
The Nasdaq Composite added 26.16 points, or 0.56 percent, to 4,701.87.
The Philadelphia Fed area "isn't a hub of industrial activity anymore but it's still important and it's strong," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group.
The upbeat U.S. data offset weakness overseas, including euro zone business growth that was slower than expected this month.
Best Buy added 7 percent to $38.02, among the S&P's largest percentage gainers, after better-than-expected profit.
Among the top Nasdaq decliners was Keurig Green Mountain, down 7.4 percent at $142.50, a day after it forecast fiscal first-quarter profit below analysts' estimates.
After the bell, Gap shares fell 4.9 percent to $38.19 following its results. Gap shares ended the regular session up 1.5 percent.
About 5.7 billion shares traded on U.S. exchanges, compared below 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 2,013 to 1,025, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,824 issues rose and 893 fell for a 2.04-to-1 ratio.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)

Modi govt s efforts led to decline in inflation: BJPHi Guest
Modi govt's efforts led to decline in inflation: BJP
Bharatiya Janata Party on Monday credited the initiatives taken by Narendra Modi government for the decline in inflation and said it was committed to bring down prices and help improve the country's economy to make the life of the common man easy. The party said its government has taken a number of initiatives since its formation including tough action against hoarders and limiting  export prices of essential commodities like onion, rice and wheat. "Because of the continuous efforts taken ...

Indian worker caught for illegal stay in BritainIndian worker caught for illegal stay in Britain
All substantive issues on table during Xi visit: MEAAll substantive issues on table during Xi visit: MEA
Saradha scam: SFIO says all 14 group companies will be prosecutedSaradha scam: SFIO says all 14 group companies will be prosecuted
LIC investment in equity mkt to cross Rs 55 000 crLIC investment in equity mkt to cross Rs 55 000 cr
Meghraj Jain of BJP elected to Rajya Sabha from Madhya PradeshMeghraj Jain of BJP elected to Rajya Sabha from Madhya Pradesh
Indian economy poised to grow 5.7 per cent this year  says OECDIndian economy poised to grow 5.7 per cent this year  says OECD
Snowman Logistics a Long-Term Play  Valuation Fair: CEOYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Snowman Logistics a Long-Term Play, Valuation Fair: CEO
Published On:                  September 12, 2014                 | Duration: 5 min, 19 sec
Tweet
Ravi Kannan, CEO & director, Snowman Logistics says investors should not rush to sell their shares after the company's blockbuster market debut, which saw its shares gain 70 per cent. Snowman's valuations at over 50 times its earnings per share are fair, he added.

Prefer PNB Among Public Sector Banks: Ashish ChaturmohtaYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Prefer PNB Among Public Sector Banks: Ashish Chaturmohta
Published On:                  September 12, 2014                 | Duration: 8 min, 52 sec
Tweet
Ashish Chaturmohta, head of the technical and derivatives desk at Fortune Equity Broking, says PSU banks are seen supporting the momentum in the Bank Nifty and that he has a target of 16,700 for the index. He also says Bank of Baroda and PNB are expected to see an upside of up to 5 per cent in the near term.

Ashok Leyland Sees Pick-Up in Trucks Business by End-OctoberYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Ashok Leyland Sees Pick-Up in Trucks Business by End-October
Published On:                  September 12, 2014                 | Duration: 8 min, 52 sec
Tweet
Vinod Dasari, managing director of Ashok Leyland, tells NDTV that there could be Rs 1000-1500 crore worth of bus orders coming in. While the bus business will keep the commercial vehicle maker busy for the next 3-4 months, the trucks segment could see a strong pick-up by end-October.

Tata Chemicals to Focus on Non-Subsidised FertilisersYou are here: Home » Video »
Video
Tata Chemicals to Focus on Non-Subsidised, Deregulated Fertilisers
Published On:                  September 12, 2014                 | Duration: 9 min, 09 sec
Tweet
Tata Chemicals managing director R Mukundan tells NDTV that the company will focus on consumer products as well as non-subsidised and deregulated fertiliser products as the government still owes it Rs 1,700 crore in subsidy dues. It also expects to main its margin profile as the raw material pricing scenario is benign and pricing power is back.

Asking the Right Questions on Citizens Unitedreddit
This week Senate Republicans blocked consideration of a constitutional amendment that would have overturned the Supreme Court's disastrous Citizens United decision and allowed us to crack down on the flood of corporate money in politics. Every single Republican senator voted against it.
Let's look at what they voted to uphold.  Citizens United is a disgrace of a decision, holding that corporate money is corporate speech, and entitled to the same First Amendment protection as human speech.  As a result, corporations now can spend unlimited amounts of money to influence our elections -- often in secret, without any public disclosure.
Simply put, the decision was factually erroneous and legally misguided.  We need to get rid of it, and the public strongly agrees.  One poll released earlier this year showed that 80 percent of Americans opposed the Citizens United decision.  So how did Republicans justify their defense of this historically bad decision which the public overwhelmingly dislikes?  By pretending that the debate was actually about something else, and by cloaking themselves in the rhetorical protection of the Constitution.
Senator Ted Cruz summed up the Republican strategy when he took to the Senate floor to accuse supporters of the proposal of attempting to "repeal the free speech provisions of the First Amendment."  Conservative columnist George Will echoed the same argument, writing that supporters had "tried to radically shrink First Amendment protection of political speech."
Now, that argument may make for a good sound bite, but it is completely wrong.  The question is whether the First Amendment protects unlimited corporate spending on elections.  It never did, until Citizens United.  To suggest, when we are debating whether the First Amendment properly applies to corporate influence in politics, that the proposal's supporters are repealing or shrinking the First Amendment, is to presume the merits of one's own case, not to address the argument.
Senate Democrats and the vast majority of the American public believe that freedom of speech protections were never intended to allow unlimited corporate spending on elections.  Under a proper reading of the Constitution, they still don't.  As Justice Stevens wrote in dissent, the Citizens United decision represented "a rejection of the common sense of the American people, who have recognized a need to prevent corporations from undermining self-government since the founding, and who have fought against the distinctive corrupting potential of corporate electioneering since the days of Theodore Roosevelt."
If Republicans want to defend the rights of corporations and billionaires to spend unlimited, secret money in campaigns, then they should say so.  But they do not get a free pass to defend unlimited, secret political spending by sidestepping the question and pretending that Democrats are attacking our nation's First Amendment.  The American public won't be fooled so easily.
Follow Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse on Twitter: www.twitter.com/SenWhitehouse
More:

Sen. Sheldon WhitehouseAsking the Right Questions on Citizens United
(38) Comments | Posted September 12, 2014 | 5:29 PM
This week Senate Republicans blocked consideration of a constitutional amendment that would have overturned the Supreme Court's disastrous Citizens United decision and allowed us to crack down on the flood of corporate money in politics. Every single Republican senator voted against it.
Let's look at what they voted to uphold....
Don't Forget the Other IRS Scandal
(51) Comments | Posted April 19, 2014 | 2:59 PM
Washington, DC and the right wing outrage machine are all abuzz that the IRS allegedly targeted groups based on their presumed political affiliation. Obviously, that was wrong to do, but let's not forget that there are two IRS scandals. The other is allowing big shadowy forces to meddle in elections...
Let's Have the President's Back on Climate Change
(69) Comments | Posted July  2, 2013 | 2:08 PM
Every week that the Senate is in session -- 37 times and counting -- I speak out about the need for Congress to wake up and address climate change. I urge my colleagues to take action to protect our planet and future generations, and I try to show the abundant...
The Revenue Discussion Is Not Over
(74) Comments | Posted February  8, 2013 | 10:50 AM
Every family in America knows that our country has been through hard times in recent years. Now, finally, there's light at the end of the tunnel: our economy has added private sector jobs for 35 consecutive months; the national unemployment rate is down to 7.9 percent; the stock market is...
Good News in the Fight Against Bad Air
(5) Comments | Posted December 13, 2012 | 11:41 AM
"Today is a bad air day." You may have heard this warning on drive-time radio, especially on muggy summer days. On "orange" days, the air is too thick with pollution for infants, seniors and people with breathing difficulties, who are warned they should stay indoors. Those people may miss work,...
Health Information Technology: Paving the Way to Improved Patient Care
(36) Comments | Posted September 11, 2012 | 12:53 PM
In the 1950s, President Eisenhower started an interstate highway system to link our country, from Rhode Island to California. To this day, the interstate system remains the heart of our country's road infrastructure, supporting travel, commerce and transportation. This public investment paid off in long-term social and economic benefits for...
The Buffett Rule: Your Straight Deal on Taxes
(265) Comments | Posted April 10, 2012 | 11:53 AM
Back in 1985, President Ronald Reagan said: "We're going to close the unproductive tax loopholes that have allowed some of the truly wealthy to avoid paying their fair share."
Almost three decades later, we're still hearing about ultra-high income earners like Warren Buffett paying a lower tax rate than his...
America Must Not Back Down on Sustainable Energy
(442) Comments | Posted December 16, 2011 | 12:06 PM
If you read just the headlines these days, you might think renewable energy in America is going the way of Solyndra. Don't take our word for it: a recent headline from Fox News declared "ENTIRE Solar Industry on Brink of Collapse."
We cannot allow long-time opponents of...
Fighting for Pell Grants
(34) Comments | Posted September 28, 2011 | 2:44 PM
I've met students across Rhode Island who rely on Pell Grants. They work hard, play by rules, and are doing everything they can to get the education they need for the jobs of tomorrow. Yet during the debt ceiling negotiations, House Republicans made it all too clear that this vital...

O Reilly Auto Parts to pay $35 000 to male employee groped by his female manager8
The EEOC had filed the lawsuit in a U.S. District Court in the Northern District of Illinois on Aug. 28. The federal agency had noted that, starting in 2012 and continuing through June, it had sought to get the retailer to take steps to stop such behavior. The EEOC said it determined that it was unable to come to a voluntary settlement without filing the lawsuit.
The agreement between O’Reilly Auto Parts and the EEOC was signed days later, on Sept. 3, according to court documents.
“Early resolution of employment discrimination litigation virtually always makes sense — for the employer, for the employee, for the EEOC, and, importantly, for the public interest,” John Hendrickson, the EEOC’s regional lawyer in Chicago, said in a statement.
“We don’t condone any of those things,” said a man who fielded a phone call at the store Friday afternoon. He said the female manager no longer works at the store. An O'Reilly spokesman said the company is "aware of the underlying case" but could not comment further. 
The agreement also requires O’Reilly Auto to hire an outside lawyer or consultant to train workers in the district on how to prevent harassment and discrimination.

Standing Strong for Free Speech: A Response to Geoffrey Stonereddit
In a recent post , Geoffrey Stone, a law professor from Chicago, claims that there is a rift between the current ACLU and the ACLU of several decades ago over whether campaign finance restrictions abridge free speech. He says there is such a rift.
There is no question that campaign finance restrictions have been used from the very beginning to restrict free speech. In the very first case, back in 1971, three elderly leftist peace activists were prosecuted under the then-new campaign finance law for publishing an ad condemning the Nixon Administration's bombing of Cambodia and praising those members of Congress who opposed the bombing. A classic example of free speech being restricted by the government it was criticizing? You bet. The government argued that the ad might affect the upcoming elections, and so must be restrained. The New York branch of the ACLU, which I directed at the time, represented the three activists, and got the restriction reversed.
The next year, the ACLU itself tried to run an ad in The New York Times, in an open letter to President Nixon, criticizing his stand on racial integration. Once again, campaign finance laws got in the way, and we needed to go into court and sue to vindicate our free speech rights.
Neither case in fact had anything to do with electoral campaigning, and the ACLU, by it's own policy, had never in its entire existence supported or opposed a candidate for elective office. But we did regularly criticize public officials, and would-be public officials, for views that we felt threatened civil liberties; indeed, that was the ACLU's purpose since it was founded in 1920, and remains so today, nearly 100 years later. But campaign finance zealots thought that such criticisms in an election year should be restricted, and the laws they succeeded in passing were used to do so.  Fortunately, the ACLU invoked the First Amendment, and prevailed.
But it didn't end with those two cases. New versions of campaign finance laws kept being passed, and kept being used to restrict speech. They didn't make elections more fair, but they did restrict speech critical of elected officials. They restricted speech of tax protesters, abortion rights activists and many others. The ACLU represented many people and organizations in resisting these incursions on their free speech rights. Then in 1984, a presidential election year, the ACLU itself was cited by the Federal Election Commission and threatened with fines and other sanctions because we had criticized President Reagan for what we believed was his many violations of civil liberties. That was our job, of course, our organizational purpose, regardless of who was president and regardless of which political party was in office. And we did nothing in 1984 different in this respect than we had done in 1983 or any other prior year. But, said the campaign finance zealots, in an election year, such criticisms might affect the election, and thus had to be restricted by campaign finance laws, even though the ACLU had never in it's entire history supported or opposed a candidate for elective office. We backed the FEC down, but others were not so fortunate.
This sort of thing went on for many more years until the McCain-Feingold Act was passed, outlawing all such speech adjacent to elections by corporations and labor unions on radio or television. Of course, the ACLU was, and had long been, and still is, a corporation, and so it was effectively censored by this law -- as was Planned Parenthood and many other groups, right and left, like the National Rifle Association. And like Citizens United, a nonprofit cause organization, which like most organizations happened to be incorporated. If the ACLU, incorporated, had a First Amendment right to criticize Nixon and Reagan, why didn't Citizens United, incorporated, have the same First Amendment right to criticize Hillary Clinton? In the Citizens United case, the U.S. Supreme Court said it did, thereby protecting the ACLU and Planned Parenthood as well. Free speech restrictions are like poison gas: seems like a good idea when you have your hated targets in sight, but the wind has a way of shifting, and inevitably the restrictions intended for your enemies are blown back upon you. That is why, despite what most liberals have been led to believe, Citizens United was a great case for freedom of speech and the First Amendment right to criticize public officials.
But the Citizens United case enraged most liberals, who when they viewed the law's free speech restrictions, only saw the speech of their enemies, and imagined themselves as being able to select who would be targeted and who would not, when in fact liberals would be the last ones likely to be in a position to choose the targets of restrictions on free speech once such restrictions became permissible. To the contrary, once the power to restrict speech becomes permissible, we should all imagine how our worst enemies would choose to use such restrictions. For liberals, that means imagining the poison gas of free speech restrictions in the hands of people like Joe McCarthy, Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, Dick Cheney and, on a local level, Rudy Giuliani. You would have to be crazy to permit such restrictions by weakening the First Amendment, yet that is precisely what those who have proposed to reverse Citizens United by amending the Constitution have done.
Now comes Prof. Stone, a longtime civil libertarian and First Amendment advocate, to announce that he has changed his position, and now believes that the kinds of restrictions struck down in Citizens United should be restored and do not threaten free speech. He is badly mistaken.
If Citizens United were reversed, and the restrictions of McCain-Feingold restored, Fox News (a corporation exempt from the restrictions in the law), could without limit praise and support an anti-birth control candidate like Rick Perry, but Planned Parenthood couldn't buy time to respond.
And if the proposed Constitutional amendment to reverse Citizens United that just failed had passed, here are only a few of the acts of censorship that could have then occurred, because the First Amendment had been weakened, as listed by Laura Murphy, the current and longtime head of the ACLU's Washington Office:
1.   Congress would be allowed to restrict the publication of Secretary Hillary Clinton's memoir Hard Choices were she to run for office;
2.   Congress could criminalize a blog post on the Huffington Post by Gene Karpinski, president of the League of Conservation Voters, that accuses Senator Marco Rubio (R-FL) of being a "climate change denier";
3.   Congress could regulate Public Citizen's website , which urges voters to contact their members of Congress in support of a constitutional amendment addressing Citizens United and the recent McCutcheon case, under the theory that it is, in effect, a sham issue communication in favor of the Democratic Party;
4.   A state election agency, run by a corrupt patronage appointee, could use state law to limit speech by anti-corruption groups supporting reform;
5.   A local sheriff running for reelection and facing vociferous public criticism for draconian immigration policies and prisoner abuse could use state campaign finance laws to harass and prosecute his own detractors;
6.   A district attorney running for reelection could selectively prosecute political opponents using state campaign finance restrictions; and
7.   Congress could pass a law regulating the ACLU's letter for noting that all 41 sponsors of this amendment, which the ACLU opposes, are Democrats (or independents who caucus with Democrats).
Now the good Prof. Stone is free to change his position and to support such results, or laws that make such results likely. And of course he is free to disagree with the ACLU. But what he ought not to do is mislead his readers by clearly implying, as his post does (even though as a longtime ACLU member, he knows it isn't true), that the new leadership has broken with the longstanding policy of the ACLU on this subject, as reflected by six of its former leaders. The implication is untrue, and, because he must know better, intellectually sloppy or dishonest. Here is what he says:
1.  Referring to "the longstanding principles of the ACLU," Stone charges the ACLU's "current leadership" with having "lost sight of those principles."
2.  "The current leadership [of the ACLU] is simply wrong," Stone says, while "the former leaders of the ACLU have it right."
3.  "The current leadership of the ACLU takes a strong free speech position," Stone writes, while "the six individuals who led the ACLU from 1962 to 1993 endorse a rather different view."
4.  And finally, Stone says, a "rift has developed between different generations of the ACLU's leadership over the ACLU's understanding of the First Amendment..." and "the ACLU's position on the constitutionality of campaign finance reform today."
Any reader unfamiliar with the ACLU's history and its leadership would be led by these assertions by Prof. Stone to believe that the new leadership of the ACLU has come in and turned the ACLU's policy on this subject upside down. In fact, nothing could be further from the truth, and Stone has cherry-picked facts and misrepresented history.
First of all, the two highest and longest tenured ACLU leaders from the previous generation are never mentioned by Stone. Both support current ACLU policy on this subject, and oppose the six former ACLU officials who "endorse a rather different view." One of them is me. I was the Executive Director of the New York  Civil Liberties Union from 1970-78, and National ACLU Executive Director from 1978-2001, when I retired. My tenure leading the ACLU, and representing the Board's policies, embraced the entire period about which Stone opines. All of the six old-timers Stone mentions were my colleagues, and I hired and supervised a number of them.
The other high former official unmentioned by Stone is Nadine Strossen, who chaired the ACLU National Board of Directors from 1991 until she retired a few years ago, and was ACLU General Counsel and a member of the national Board for several years before that. She, like I, has for decades supported the ACLU's First Amendment-based opposition to the censorship provoked and enabled by campaign finance laws. This opposition is not an invention of current ACLU leadership, but rather a legacy of the prior generation of leadership, which the current leaders have largely continued, as Laura Murphy's strong response to Stone makes clear.
In contrast, most of the six former officials Stone approvingly cites who now disagree with the ACLU's policy on the First Amendment and campaign finance restrictions did not do so while they were ACLU officials, and one of them actually constructed the policy back in the early 70s, which now, many decades later, he has decided to oppose. And the most recent of the six former officials last worked for the ACLU more than 20 years ago, with three of the six having last been associated with the ACLU no more recently than 30 or more years ago.
Finally, contrary to what Prof. Stone implies, it is not the current leadership of the ACLU that has changed, but rather these six long ago officials, who now apparently march to different drummers. That is their right, of course, but to suggest, as Prof. Stone does, that this handful of long-ago leaders somehow represent the traditional ACLU policy on campaign finance driven restrictions on free speech, and that the current leadership is somehow an outlier on this issue, is a profound distortion of history and truth, and a disservice to the readers of The Huffington Post.
More:

Tropical Storm Odiletropical storm odile
Chemistry Lessons for LeadersGain conversational intelligence
By Judith E. Glaser
We are all familiar with the "chemistry" factor in relationships and the chemical attraction metaphor; now we are learning that such insights are more than metaphor--they are reality!
I've long been intrigued by the chemical impacts--both positive and negative--of conversations.  I married a biochemist and for decades we've shared conversations about our work. When we first wrote about the "chemistry of conversations" for Harvard Business Review and Psychology Today, we received enthusiastic reader confirmation of its importance.
Positive comments and conversations provide a temporary chemical "high," while negative ones languish longer. A critique from a boss, a disagreement with a colleague, or a fight with a friend can make you forget praise.  If you are called lazy, careless or unprofessional, you are likely to remember it and internalize it, easily forgetting all the past compliments.
Chemistry plays a big role in this reaction. When we face criticism, rejection or fear, when we feel marginalized or minimized, our bodies produce higher cortisol, a hormone that shuts down the thinking center of our brains and activates conflict aversion and protection behaviors. We become more reactive and sensitive, perceiving greater negativity than exists. These effects can last for days, imprinting the interaction on our memories and influencing our future behavior. Cortisol functions like a sustained release tablet--the more we ruminate about fear, the longer the impact.
Positive comments and conversations also produce a chemical reaction. They spur the production of oxytocin--a feel-good hormone that elevates our ability to collaborate, communicate, and trust others by activating networks in our prefrontal cortex. But, since oxytocin metabolizes faster than cortisol, its effects are less dramatic and sustainable.
Chemistry of Conversations
This "chemistry of conversations" necessitates being more mindful of our interactions. Behaviors that increase cortisol levels reduce your conversational intelligence or C-IQ--your ability to connect and think innovatively, empathetically, creatively and strategically with others. Remember: behaviors that spark oxytocin boost C-IQ.
When we partnered with Qualtrics , the online survey software company, to analyze the frequency of negative (cortisol-producing) versus positive (oxytocin-producing) interactions, we found that managers use positive, oxytocin and C-IQ elevating behaviors more often than negative ones. Survey respondents acknowledged all five positive behaviors, such as "showing concern for others" more frequently than all five negative ones, such as "pretending to be listening." However, about 85 percent of respondents also admitted to "sometimes" acting in ways that could derail not only specific interactions but also future relationships. When leaders exhibit both behaviors, they create dissonance or uncertainty in followers' brains, spurring cortisol production and reducing CI-Q.
If you tend to tell and sell your ideas and challenge people to produce results, your negative (cortisol-producing) could easily outweigh positive (oxytocin-producing) reactions. Instead of asking questions to stimulate discussion, showing concern for others and painting a compelling picture of shared success, you enter discussions with a fixed opinion, determined to convince others you are right. You are not open to others' influence--and you fail to listen to connect.
Three Chemistry Lessons
When managers and leaders understand the chemical impacts of their behavior, they tend to make changes--for example, they learn to deliver difficult feedback inclusively and supportively, thereby limiting cortisol production and stimulating oxytocin instead.
Awareness of the behaviors that open us up and those that close us down, and their influence in our relationships, allows us to better harness the chemistry of conversations. Conversations are the source of energy that transcends doldrums, the power that launches transformational products, and the golden threads that create trust. Conversations are the way we connect, engage, navigate, and transform the world with others.
The quality of our culture depends on the quality of our relationships, which depends on the quality of our conversations. The most powerful "leadershift" anyone can make is to realize that each person has the power to "create the conversational space that creates deeper understanding and engagement rather than fear and avoidance."
Remember these three chemistry lessons:
1. Be mindful of your conversations and the emotional content you bring--pain, which closes the brain, or pleasure which opens it. Are you sending friend or foe messages? Are you sending the message "You can trust me to have your best interest at heart" or "I want to persuade you to think about things my way?" When you're aware of these meta-messages, you can create a safe culture that allows everyone to interact collaboratively, sharing perspectives, feelings, and aspirations and elevating insights and wisdom.
2. Conversations trigger emotional reactions. Conversations carry meaning--and meaning is embedded in the listener even more than in the speaker. Words cause us either to bond and trust more fully, thinking of others as friends and colleagues, or to break rapport and see others as enemies. Your mind will open as you see the connection between language and health, and you'll learn how to create healthy organizations through your conversational rituals.
3. Note that the words we use in our conversations are rarely neutral. Words have histories informed by years of use. Each time a new experience overlays another meaning on a word, the information collects in our brains to be activated during conversations. Knowing how you project meaning into your conversations will enable you to connect with others and, in so doing, let go of much of the self-talk that diverts from effective co-working.
--
Judith E. Glaser is CEO of Benchmark Communications, Inc., Chairman of The Creating WE Institute, an Organizational Anthropologist, consultant to Fortune 500 Companies, and author of four best selling business books, including Conversational Intelligence: How Great Leaders Build Trust and Get Extraordinary Results (Bibliomotion).  Call 212-307-4386, visit www.conversationalingelligence.com ; www.creatingwe.com ; jeglaser@creatingwe.com.
Follow Judith E. Glaser on Twitter: www.twitter.com/CreatingWE
More:

8 Entrepreneurship Lessons From a Venture Capitalistreddit
As a venture capitalist with DFJ , lecturer at Stanford and self-proclaimed long time recovering entrepreneur, Heidi Roizen , who was born and raised in Silicon Valley, could teach us a thing or two about what it takes to be a successful entrepreneur.  She hit the ground running with her first business right out of Stanford business school, sold it after 14 years, worked at Apple, and then transitioned to the world of venture capital, where she has been ever since.
Heidi Roizen - (Twitter: @HeidiRoizen )
In her role as operating partner, Roizen is on the backlines of the deals where she manages the younger deal team, evaluates entrepreneurs and gives advice. Her experience of having played both the part of entrepreneur and venture capitalist has given her tremendous insight into what makes for a successful relationship - which is what it's all about. Roizen's wisdom is priceless for entrepreneur's today and the businesses that want to invest in them.
8 Lessons for Entrepreneurial Success
1. Be passionate about what you are doing - Roizen thinks that the core of being an entrepreneur is to be excited and passionate about what you're doing. Far from the glamorous life, Roizen says that entrepreneurship is really hard - for most people it takes a long time and you don't exactly have a balanced lifestyle while you're doing it. So, before you through caution to the wind and go for it, heed Roizen's advice: "This is an extreme sport and if you are going to do it you better love what you are doing, you better love the people you're working with and you had better understand that there is a high chance that you're going to fail."
Millions of people have listened to Steve Jobs' 2005 commencement speech at Stanford , and for good reason. He nailed the passion issue: "You've got to find what you love... Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle."
2. Be at peace with failure - It sounds contradictory, because you have to do everything you can to try not to fail, but if you do fail (and it's highly likely you will) you need to learn from what you did, pick up the pieces and move on. "You can't let a failure keep you down, because if you stay down after you fail, you are going to stay down for good," warns Roizen.  Most successful entrepreneurs that Roizen knows have had failures: "I don't know any successful entrepreneur that doesn't have at least a handful of stories about the things they did that went horribly wrong," says Roizen. What sets the successful entrepreneurs apart is what they did with their failures.
3. Create relationships with venture capitalists - Anyone who reads Roizen's blog know she is all about relationships . To her, the venture capitalist/entrepreneur is a relationship, not a transaction. She says that a common mistake that entrepreneurs make is thinking that the VC is like a bank; someone who will give them their money and then go away and leave them alone. Of course, like banks, VC's do give money to entrepreneurs, but Roizen notes they have a limited amount of capital to invest across a set number of companies that fit into their criteria for stage, sector and timing. However, unlike a bank, the VC is interested in coming in and adding value and ultimately helping the company grow.
If you consider that each venture capitalist is going to meet with a couple hundred of entrepreneurs each year and only select one or two people to tie themselves to for the next several years, or however long it takes to get liquidity in a normal market, that is a very different thing from going to a bank and applying for a loan. She tells entrepreneurs:  "99% of the time you meet with a venture capitalist will result in money coming to you.  This would seem like a waste of time for an entrepreneur, unless what you are really there to do is build a relationship."  So why is there a need for entrepreneurs to have VCs in their life? According to Roizen, if you are raising money, you are going to raise money lots of times and VCs are going to continue to invest money and if they don't give it to you this time, they might give it to you next time. If at first you don't succeed...
4. Get feedback from VCs - If the fact that 9 times out of 10 you are going to get turned down by a VC has got you feeling discouraged, look at the bright side - they take a lot of meetings and hear pitches all day and are oftentimes willing to hear your pitch just for the sake of giving you feedback even though the timing of the deal many not be right. "I might meet an entrepreneur where it is way too early for DFJ to invest, but I want to see if they follow through with the things we discussed in our meeting.  If they say they are going to do something in the next 30 days, do they do it? If they say this is the metric theory that they are aiming for, do they hit that metric? If I offered to make an introduction and they get excited about it, do they follow through?" says Roizen. These are the things she is looking to learn and will use to help inform her of whether this is a person she believes is going to get over the finish line and whether she wants to see them again or not.
5. Be a quality person - Roizen would much rather have an A person with a B+ idea, than a B person with an A idea.  She is looking for a dynamic person with integrity who is smart and aggressive, a good leader and passionate, able to get people to come along with them, decisive and able to change with the direction of the market.  With any great idea the scary reality is that probably another hundred people have that same great idea, so while many people think that the idea is the thing worth protecting, Roizen often thinks it's the team and the execution that will determine who is going to win and who will not.
"If you were a fly on the wall in our partner meetings, the discussion of the person is longer than the discussion of the space and more often than not the decision falls on the ultimate determination of the person and not so much about space," shares Roizen.  Naturally, her company loves investing with people they have had success with in the past, but when it comes to investing in people they don't know, they use their network to figure out what they can learn about them.
6. Learn how the venture capitalist business works - Roizen says that every entrepreneur that is going to raise money should read, Venture Deals: Be Smarter Than Your Lawyer and Venture Capitalist, a fantastic book by Brad Feld and Jason Mendelson. Her first pointer to entrepreneurs is to understand the business and the person they are doing business with. The more you closely align the investor and the entrepreneur to want the same outcomes, the less you are going to have the problem of ending up in situations where you don't want the same outcome. Her second pointer is to realize that terms are really important. The worst thing an entrepreneur can do is to layer on preferences.  To avoid this, Roizen encourages entrepreneurs to use a reputable attorney, like Fenwick, Wilson, Cooley and Jurvetson, to negotiate their term sheet.
7. Be optimistic but realistic - Roizen tells entrepreneurs that VCs actually don't care what happens in the first year: "We care about helping you make it to year five and we care about surviving to the exit and the size of the exit, so don't over-promise in your early months, because the reality is that usually not everything falls in your direction, and I would much rather have someone come in and say we're not sure we can make revenue for the first six months. We are going to try, but let's not count on that because we may learn something along the way that allows us to create a better product, but it means that we are not going to make that revenue in the beginning." It's a fine line of being optimistic and able to paint a bright future, while being pragmatic and realistic about what's really going to happen.
8. Know what elements drive your business model - There are certain elements that you can get by with just having half or double and the business will still work, while there are other elements that if you get it wrong at all, your business won't work.  You need to be an entrepreneur who understands the connection from a business perspective on all of those elements even if you don't know the answer. "If you don't know the answer, but you know the assumption and the effect the assumptions have, then as you actually start playing the game we can assess the data that is coming in and figure out where to turn the dials," says Roizen.
You can watch the full interview with Heidi Roizen here . Please join me and Michael Krigsman every Friday at 3pm as we host CXOTalk - connecting with thought leaders and innovative executives who are pushing the boundaries within their companies and their fields.
Follow Vala Afshar on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ValaAfshar
More:
What Is Working: Small Businesses
FOLLOW HUFFPOST

Why The Gender Gap Will Eventually Closewhy the gender gap will eventually close
Next on Armys agenda  its own relief and rescueA girl sitting at a relief camp in Srinagar. (Source: IE photo by Tashi Tobgyal)
Written by Pranav Kulkarni | Srinagar | Posted: September 15, 2014 2:30 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 5:03 pm
Besides the local population, the Army too has been hit by the floods in Jammu and Kashmir. With the Badami Bagh Cantonment, the headquarters of Srinagar-based 15 Corps, submerged, the ordnance depots, family quarters, vehicles and offices have been damaged. Moreover, landslides on the Jammu-Srinagar-Leh highway and other arterial roads have affected the Army’s crucial winter stocking exercise at the forward posts.
“The stocking exercise involves gathering stocks for three-six months as the forward posts get cut off during the winter months. This has been obstructed as in the first few days, before the relief material reached us, the Army distributed its own rations, even as the flow of supplies have been affected due to blockage of roads,” said an officer.
“Along Jammu-Ramsu-Benihal NH-44, there are three breaches… Work is going on at full pace… Thirty-seven trucks came across the Sinthan Pass yesterday, and 60 from Banihal side. If successful, we will have good convergence at Anantnag,” said Lt General Subrata Saha, GOC, HQ 15 Corps, Srinagar.
The opening of these roads, which has been undertaken by the Border Roads Organisation (BRO) along with the Army, is likely to restore flow of vehicular traffic in the next 48 hours.
The floods have affected the connectivity between Srinagar and Anantnag, along the Jammu-Srinagar NH-44 and the Jammu-Sinthan-Srinagar highway NH 244. Efforts are on to restore the connectivity between Srinagar and Ganderbal, which further ensures a link to Kargil and Leh.
The Jammu-Srinagar-Leh road is strategically important as it the Army’s major formations under its Udhampur-based Northern Command headquarters, which collectively ensure defences along the Line of Control and Line of Actual Control. It is crucial for ensuring flow of rations, fuel and military supplies to these major formations and units/ sub units under them along the LoC in Uri, Machchal, Gurez, Tangdhar sectors.
“The Jammu-Srinagar highway is clogged at Pampore and Sempura and it will open in a few days. We have to now make up for the supplies that we have lost,” said Colonel Brijesh Pandey, Colonel GS (IW), HQ, 15 Corps.
While the Army has not had a chance to assess its lossess yet, over 100 of its heavy vehicles were submerged under water for almost five days. It also lost over 300 livestock at its military farm.

Investors to Fed: don t fumble ratesInvestors tell Fed: don't fumble interest rates
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN September 14, 2014: 9:14 AM ET
Janet Yellen gives a post-policy meeting presser Wednesday.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Forget Football; the most watched event this week for the markets concerns the Federal Reserve.
America's central bank wraps up its two day meeting on Wednesday and will subsequently outline its latest monetary policy.
Investors' key focus: interest rates, interest rates, interest rates.
The Fed has been holding down the federal funds rate near zero since the financial crisis, but a strengthening economy has lead to speculation that it will raise rates sooner than later. Most analysts predict the first rate hike will occur next summer.
In a worst case scenario, the Fed would raise rates too quickly, and the move would derail the stock market rally and the U.S. economy.
Related: 2008: Worse than the Great Depression?
Keep an eye on the Fed's policy statement Wednesday. The precise wording matters. In previous statements, the Fed has said it intends to keep rates low for a "considerable time" until the job market improves and as long as inflation remains in check. If the Fed removes those two words, analysts say the markets could sell off as investors brace for a jump in rates.
"Dropping 'considerable time' would be a major hawkish step," wrote Citigroup ( C ) strategist Steven Englander, in a research note Friday.
Fed chief Janet Yellen will hold a press conference Wednesday after the Fed releases its statement, and most economists believe she will do her best to reassure investors that the Fed plans to keep supporting the economy as long as necessary.
Yet Jeff Weniger of BMO Asset Management thinks that even if the Fed hints at an early rate hike, the market reaction would be minimal since it would mean the Fed thinks the economy is healthy enough to stand on its own.
Related: America has 4.7 million job openings
But regardless of what happens with interest rates, the Fed is expected to end its historic stimulus program.
It's widely predicted that the Fed will announce plans to stop buying bonds and mortgage-backed securities after next month. That program, known as quantitative easing, is largely credited with driving the bull market of the last five years.
Related: Most loved and hated stocks right now
The Fed has been winding down the program in monthly increments of $10 billion since the end of last year, when it was purchasing $85 billion in bonds per month. At its June meeting, the Fed indicated that if the economic recovery continues as it expects, the plan is to have one final $15 billion purchase in October and then none in November.
But the anticipated conclusion of the Fed's asset purchases comes as the European Central Bank is kicking off its own version of stimulus in an effort to juice a stagnating Eurozone economy. The ECB, lead by President Mario Draghi, is especially concerned that falling prices and the prospect of deflation could tip the continent back into a recession.
 
ECB takes leaf out of Fed playbook
Weniger believes the ECB's attempts to prop up the European economy will also aid the U.S. stock market.
"It's like you know your girlfriend is going to dump you in October, but you know there's going to be another girlfriend coming along in November, and her name is Mario Draghi," he quipped.
First Published: September 14, 2014: 9:14 AM ET
Most Popular

Imran Khan booked for forcing police to release his party workersPress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 15, 2014 12:46 pm
Opposition leader and Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaaf chief Imran Khan has been booked for forcing police to release his party workers arrested in violation of Section 144 here, officials said on Monday.
“We have registered a case against him in Bani Gala police station for interfering in police work and forcibly releasing the prisoners,” police spokesman Naeem Ahmed said.
The former cricketing star was coming out of his house on Sunday when se saw about 15 of his supporters were being shifted to a nearby police station.
On seeing Khan, the workers cried for help. Khan then stopped police vehicles and forced them to release his supporters.
The spokesman said that Khan’s supporters were arrested for violating section 144 which was imposed in the capital.
Already several criminal cases have been registered against Khan since his arrival here with thousands of his party workers to force Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to quit.
Khan has not been arrested in any case so far but police plan to move against him once the protests are over.
Khan wants Sharif’s ouster over alleged rigging in last year’s poll which his party lost. He is agitating since August 14. At least three people have been killed and over 550 injured during the protests.

Raj Thackeray spurns alliances  to contest elections soloE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

SABMiller tops FTSE on takeover talkSABMiller tops FTSE on takeover talk
By Neil Dennis
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/184ad0cc-3cb0-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

France  Iraq urge quick action against Islamic State at Paris conferencePrint
Iraq President Fouad Massoum, right, followed by Iraq Foreign Minister Ibrahim Al-Jaafari, left, arrive with Iraqi officials at Orly airport south of Paris, France, Sunday, Sept. 14, 2014 ahead of a conference with U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, French President Francois Hollande and diplomats from around the world. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Paris | Posted: September 15, 2014 9:31 am | Updated: September 15, 2014 4:22 pm
The leaders of France and Iraq Monday urged swift action against Islamic State militants, with President Francois Hollande warning there was “no time to lose” as he opened an international conference to shore up an anti-jihadist coalition.
“The fight of the Iraqis against terrorism is our fight as well,” Hollande told representatives from around 30 countries and organisations, urging “clear, loyal and strong” global support for Iraq.
Iraqi President Fuad Masum also stressed the urgency of firm action, as the beheading of a third Western hostage in the run-up to the conference stepped up the pressure on the international community to destroy the Islamic State (IS) extremist group.
“They need to act quickly because if there is a delay, if this campaign and this support for Iraq is delayed, maybe Daesh will occupy other territories and their threat will be even bigger,” said Masum, using an alternative name for IS.
“We are still asking for regular aerial operations against terrorist sites. We have to pursue them wherever they are. We need to dry up their sources of finance,” added the Iraqi leader.
As if to underscore the urgency of the campaign, France announced just hours ahead of the conference that it was joining Britain in carrying out reconnaissance flights in support of the US air campaign against the jihadists.
“This very morning, the first reconnaissance flights will be carried out in agreement with the Iraqi and Emiratiauthorities,” Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian told French troops, including pilots, at the Al-Dhafra base in the United Arab Emirates.
Shortly afterwards, two French Rafale fighter jets took off from the base, an AFP correspondent reported.
During the conference, US Secretary of State John Kerry will seek to fine-tune the strategy of the US-led coalition against IS, following a marathon tour through the Middle East to drum up support.
He told CBS’s Face the Nation that “all bases were covered” in the coalition with some allies offering air strikes and others boots on the ground.
He stressed however that “we are not looking for that at this moment anyway.”
“Every single aspect of the president’s strategy, and what is needed to be done in order to accomplish our goal, has been offered by one country or multiple countries, and all bases are covered,” Kerry said.

Cobra Beer s journey to London restaurants  pubsSep 15, 2014, 04.01 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Cobra Beer's journey to London restaurants, pubs
Cobra Beer's sales are on the rise in Indian restaurants and also its standalone sales are picking up in super markets and at pubs at London. This year Cobra's sales around the world are set to top Rs 1,000 crore.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Cobra Beer's journey to London restaurants, pubs
Cobra Beer's sales are on the rise in Indian restaurants and also its standalone sales are picking up in super markets and at pubs at London. This year Cobra's sales around the world are set to top Rs 1,000 crore.
Post your opinion here
We have come a long way since we started importing beer from Bangalore into the UK and selling it from the back of our battered car.
Karan Bilimoria
Founder & Chairman
Cobra Beer
The idea was as outrageous as it was unexpected. Outrageous because here was an entrepreneur out to create yet another new beer and to do this in India and sell it in Britain at a time when UB’s Kingfisher was an established accompaniment to the Indian meal in British curry type restaurants.
The idea was unexpected because Karan Bilimoria, son of General Bilimoria - hero of 1971 war -- had just graduated in law from Cambridge University and nobody expected him to plunge from Cambridge into beer. But he took the plunge, and came out a winner.
From his early beginnings in 1989, he has carried his Cobra Beer successfully, while passing some difficult humps. It is now an accompaniment to the Indian meal and more. Its sales are on the rise in the Indian restaurant and also it standalone sales are picking up in super markets and at pubs such as this close to the legal heart of London. This year Cobra sales around the world are set to top Rs 1,000 crore.
In an interview to CNBC-TV18, Karan Bilimoria talks about the journey so far and his future plans.
Below is the transcript of Karan Bilimoria’s interview with Sanjay Suri on CNBC-TV18.
Q: So the sparkle is back and business is flowing smoothly as Cobra should, where do we go from here?
A: It has been a lovely long journey. Short in the terms for beer brand because Cobra Beer is about to celebrate its 25th anniversary next year and we have come a long way since we have started importing the beer from Bangalore into the UK and selling it from the back of our battered car door-to-door to the Indian restaurants and the grocery shops and here we are, 24 years later in 98.6 percent of all the licensed Indian restaurants in the UK and in almost all the big super markets and now making an entry into the pubs and the bars throughout the UK.
Q: The pubs is where it all happens and you are now selling in pubs and in mainstream restaurants in super markets, how big is this market?
A: Our foundation has always been the Indian restaurants, the curry restaurants and I will always be grateful to the restaurateurs for their support without which we wouldn’t be where we are today. The beauty about Cobra is when I created it as a brand, it was to be a beer that sits in between a lager and an ale, the refreshment of a lager and the smoothness of an ale combined. So we have a widely appealing taste to men and women, to people anywhere in the world and also to accompany food, especially Indian food and curry but also on its own. In that sense Cobra works beautifully in a pub and a bar and of course in the UK, we have this wonderful culture where pubs are part of the community and for Cobra’s growth potential in the future, our expansion to pubs is crucial and we are making wonderful already.
Q: It has been your dream of course that Cobra is a very natural and lovely accompaniment to a curry as it is still called. But that the beer should standalone without having to lean on anything for support, are you nearing that dream?
A: I have always believed that Cobra would be a journey and the journey would start in Indian restaurants and would always stay as a foundation in restaurants but if it will also expand in the super markets and the pubs and the bars and also exported around the world and Cobra has now been exported to 40 countries around the world. Also now produced in India for the Indian market, which we are very proud of and it is growing rapidly there. So yes, Cobra is now -- also what has been proven time and again since 2001 when we first entered the Monde Selection World Quality Awards, we entered one Cobra and got one gold medal and that was so exciting. Fast forward from 2001 to now and I am proud to say -- we won 78 gold medals in the Monde Selection World Quality Awards. So one of the two most awarded beers in the world in the Monde Selection and people now recognise Cobra as a great beer, it is one of the best beers in the world.
Q: 100 million pounds worth of sales in Britain and in India this year, any plans for significant new placement of capital for further expansion?
A: We have a joint venture with Molson Coors, one of the largest brewers in the world who have giant breweries Molson Coors in the United States of America (USA), in Denver, have the biggest brewery in the world. That one brewery can produce more beer than the whole of India’s beer production of all the breweries in India put together. The brewery in the UK, where we brew global beer, is the largest brewery in Britain. That one brewery has a capacity to brew well over half of all the beer produced throughout India. So they are giant brewers and we have enormous capabilities to expand. In India we have a brewery in Bihar, we have contract brewery in other states in India and are available in about six states throughout India at the moment.
RELATED NEWS

Why university will never be a meritocracyDonations build a lot more more than merit.
SHARE
Fabio Rojas
September 15, 2014
Recently,  Steven Pinker wrote a response  to William Deresiewicz’  recent article and book , which claims that the Ivy League is a horrible soulless place. Overall, I concur with Pinker’s retort. Deresiewicz doesn’t offer evidence to show that careerism has gotten any worse, he makes a broad over generalization about non-elite college students, and he overstates the cases that non-elite colleges are under appreciated refuges of learning (although a few are). The bottom line for Pinker is that the Ivy League is where talented kids should go and we should spend our efforts making it more academic by emphasizing standardized tests in admissions and de-emphasizing things likes sports and music.
I could quibble here and there, but instead, I’d like to focus on what I think is a profound problem with Pinker’s retort. I share Pinker’s desire to create a more academic environment in higher education, but nowhere in the essay does Pinker come to grips with why the system of elite college admissions is the way it is. Why, exactly, does Harvard, and most other competitive schools, use a mix of academics, extra-curriculars, race, legacy, and geography? Here’s the simple answer:
Race. And money. But really, race.
Here’s a more subtle answer:
College admissions policies are the result of multiple political and financial pressures. Management scholars call it “resource dependence.” Your organization must be set up in a way to keep the resources flowing. Elite colleges need political legitimacy, scientific & scholarly legitimacy, prestige, a positive self-image, and loads of cash. A purely academic admission policy does not accomplish this complex goal. The current admission policy does.
Now, let’s get down to the nitty-gritty. Jerome Karabel’s  The Chosen  is the most comprehensive study ever conducted on elite college admissions and it explains in detail why the admissions system at Harvard looks the way it does. He focused on Harvard, Yale, and Princeton, but versions of the policies are now standard at other leading research universities.
Roughly, it goes something like this.
First, the “docket system” (sorting people into geographical regions) was intended to limit Jews from the Northeast, mainly from New York and New Jersey, and favor specific private schools.
Second, the emphasis on being “well-rounded” was designed to limit Asians who had trouble with English and didn’t do “artsy” things.
Third, affirmative action was introduced to bolster African American and Latino enrollments in the post-Civil Right era.
Fourth, legacy is simply a fancy word for “pay to play.”
Fifth, the types of people who give the most back in donations are not the artists or painters that Pinker rightfully praises. They are those who do “Wall Street,” and related careers like “Big Law,” and they can be identified by extra-curricular activities in high school.
College admission has evolved beyond these basic policies but the overall structure remains. Academic performance is one very important factor, but there are others.
If Pinker were to have his way and shift to a strictly academic admissions system, the following would happen:
A huge increase in Asian enrollments;
a modest decrease in white enrollments, but with strong Jewish  enrollments;
a substantial reduction of African American and Latino enrollments;
an increase in people who don’t give back;
a very angry group of industry leaders, senators, governors, and other powerful people who are  really angry that their kid didn’t get in .
Harvard as we see it today would cease to exist. You’d instead see it turned into something like  Berkeley  or  Cal Tech , which are white minority institutions. How would he deal with the inevitable blow back?
I applaud Steven Pinker for decrying the dilution of academic culture. I’ve spent my entire career in places like Berkeley, Chicago, Ann Arbor, and Bloomington and I don’t regret it. But still, unless he can explain how he’ll solve this complex political problem that admissions policies are designed to solve, his preening is more of a show and not serious attempt at academic reform.
This post originally appeared at orgtheory.net . We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com .
Share this:

Brand USA Eyes Over 1 Mn Indian Visitors To U.S. In 2015Brand USA Eyes Over 1 Mn Indian Visitors To U.S. In 2015
JSW bids below $100 mn for LucchiniHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
JSW bids below $100 mn for Lucchini 
Our Bureau
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
JSW Steel has priced its bid below $100 million (about Rs 600 crore) to acquire the troubled steel company Lucchini SpA in Italy.
The heavily-indebted Lucchini went bust in 2012 as steel prices fell sharply amid economic recession. The company was declared insolvent in 2012 and placed under special administration in 2008.
“We have placed our binding bid to acquire Lucchini to the Italian government. The cost of acquisition would be below $100 million. If successful, we hope to restart by this year end,” said Sajjan Jindal, Chairman, JSW Steel.
Confident of winning the biding process, he said JSW would takeover only the asset. Speaking on the sideline of the M Visvesvaraya Lecture Series on Monday he said the deal, if won, would involve any fund raising.
Lucchini, which is Italy’s second largest steel company by capacity, was engaged in producing speciality long products for European railways, bars for specialised auto industry and wire rod mills. JSW plans to produce steel through more environment friendly technology.
“We are conducting due diligence to acquire Ilva. It needs huge investment as it has lot of liabilities,” said Jindal.
Forecasting a consolidation in the power sector, he said there would be a big change in the way power plants operate as Supreme Court is examining ways to set right the system in coal mining sector.
“The Supreme Court decision is expected by this month end. The government is also going to come out with a policy post-Supreme Court verdict. We cannot afford to lose over Rs 3,000 crore investments made in power sector,” he said.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related
JSW Steel, Cevital submit final bids for assets of Italy's Lucchini
TOPICS

Inflation dips to 5-year low of 3.7 pct  but RBI rules out interest rate cutInflation dips to 5-yr low of 3.7 pct, but RBI rules out rate cut
PTI | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 15 2014, 19:03  IST
Sep 15 2014, 19:03  IST
 

Centre seeks consensus on amending Land Acquisition ActNew Delhi, September 15, 2014
Updated: September 15, 2014 17:49 IST
Centre seeks consensus on amending Land Acquisition Act
PTI
The HIndu Minister for Road Transport and Highways, Shipping, Rural Development and Drinking water and Sanitation, Nitin Gadkari, addressing a press conference in New Delhi on Monday. Photo: R.V. Moorthy
TOPICS
interior policy
'The changes in the Land Acquisition Act is done to make it more investor-friendly'
The Government on Monday sought “consensus” to bring changes in the Land Acquisition Act to make it more investor-friendly but said it was not happening due to the “contradictory views” within political parties which are wanting changes in the legislation.
Rural Development Minister Nitin Gadkari also hit out at the “microscopic minority” of Opposition leaders for stalling the government’s efforts to build consensus on bringing changes in the key farmer-friendly Act passed during the United Progressive Alliance regime.
The Minister said he was “confused”.
“The issue is the microscopic minority leaders sitting in Delhi. Their practical chief ministers are saying something.
They are giving in writing (the need for bringing changes in the Act). These people (microscopic minority leaders) are saying something else. I am confused,” Mr. Gadkari said reacting to questions on the status of the government’s efforts to bring changes in the Land Acquisition Act.
Replying to the Opposition’s allegations that the government was bringing changes in the Act to please the industry, he also made it clear that the priority of the NDA was welfare of poor and there was “no question of reducing compensation package for farmers whose land is acquired for projects“.
“Leaders from every political party were telling me in writing to bring changes in the Act... I wish to make it clear that whenever there will be a consensus on the matter, then the government will take a decision. There is no general consensus on the issue right now,” the minister said at a press conference convened to highlight the achievements of his ministries during the first 100 days of the new government.
“Leaders of the parties which have presence in Parliament are saying that you do something to bring changes in Land Acquisition Act. These are people from the CPI (M), Congress, NCP and BJP..,” Mr. Gadkari said.

Cognizant to buy Trizetto Corp for $2.7 billionCognizant to buy Trizetto Corp for $2.7 billion
Mastek shares zoom over 16% on demerger planMastek shares zoom over 16% on demerger plan
PTI
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
Shares of IT firm Mastek soared over 16 per cent on Monday as the board of directors of the company approved demerger of insurance products and services business into a separate listed company.
Mastek’s stock ended 16.10 per cent higher at Rs 272.25 on the BSE. During the day, it climbed 19.27 per cent to Rs 279.70 — its 52-week high.
At the NSE, the company’s stock settled with a sharp gain of 15.79 per cent at Rs 271.70.
Following the rally in the stock, the company’s market value rose by Rs 86 crore to Rs 607 crore.
“The Board has approved demerger of insurance products and services business into Minefields Computers Private Limited, to be renamed as Majesco followed by transfer of the offshore insurance operations by Majesco to Majesco Software and Solutions India, a wholly-owned subsidiary of MajescoMastek Insurance Software and Solutions,” Mastek said in a filing to the BSE.
Mastek shareholders will get one equity share of Majesco for every equity share they hold in Mastek. Majesco is proposed to be listed on BSE and the National Stock Exchange, the exchanges where Mastek is currently listed.
The scheme of arrangement will be subject to various statutory approvals, including those from shareholders and lenders/creditors of Mastek Limited.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Narendra Modis website aligns Gujarats Buddhist history withChinaPrint
Written by Avinash Nair | Ahmedabad | Posted: September 15, 2014 6:33 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 1:11 am
Well known Chinese traveller Xuanzang(Hiuen Tsang) noted the presence of Buddhist monasteries, monks in parts of Guj pic.twitter.com/EohQiwH1ts
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 15, 2014
Ahead of Chinese president Xi Jinping’s visit to Gujarat, an article was posted on Prime Minister Narendra Modi website in English and Mandarin Monday, talking at length about the ‘Buddhist heritage in Gujarat’. The piece, posted on http://www.narendramodi.in , appears on a red backdrop — the colour typically identified with Communist China.
The feature talks about the connections Gujarat — especially Modi’s hometown Vadnagar — has with famous Chinese explorer and Buddhist priest Hiuen Tsang, who is believed to have visited Gujarat in 641 AD. It also has snippets about other Buddhist heritage sites in Gujarat such as Junagadh, Kutch and Bharuch.
 
The place where I was born, Vadnagar too has a rich Buddhist influence including a Monastery. pic.twitter.com/WBzaX8Taam
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 15, 2014
On Monday, Modi posted a series of tweets with related pictures on “Buddhist influences” in Gujarat. “Buddhism is a very strong bond between China & India. Infact, Gujarat too has a very rich Buddhist heritage,” he tweeted.
Modi added that he was looking forward to welcoming Xi in Ahmedabad. “I am sure his visit will strengthen India-China ties,” he said.
In 2011, when Modi, the then CM of Gujarat, went to China with a delegation, the videos and presentations made by the Indian side were in Mandarin, a post in the website archives says.
“Even the business cards handed out by the government team (including Mr Narendra Modi) were in red, and in Mandarin,” it adds.
The photo-heavy feature starts with a mention of the Vadnagar excavation site in Mehsana district — the site from where more than 7,000 pieces of archaeological importance have been found. “Vadnagar is one of the most ancient towns of Gujarat known as Anandapura during Hiuen Tsang’s visit in the mid-seventh century AD,” reads the article, which also carries pictures and descriptions of the ancient Buddhist Monastery, Bodhisattva idol as well as Buddhist objects and pendants discovered in Vadnagar.
It carries a picture of Hiuen Tsang and a map of the route he took in 641 AD while travelling to Gujarat from Ujjain in Madhya Pradesh. “On his visit to Gujarat, Tsang noted the presence of 200 monasteries housing 10,000 monks, located at Bharukaccha, Atali, Kheta, Valabhi, Anandapura and Saurashtra,” it adds.
The feature also carries a map of Gujarat listing the various Buddhist sites in the state, including Siyot, Vadnagar, Taranga Hill, Bharuch, Khambhalida, Junagadh, Sana and Talaja.
There is also a mention of Dev Ni Mori in northeast Gujarat which, according to the piece, “has yielded the sacred relics of Buddha”.
The rock-cut caves of Khambhalida in Saurashtra and the caves of Siyot in Kutch also find a mention in the article. “It must have been one of the 80 monastic sites that the 7th century Chinese travellers reported at the mouth of Indus River,” says the piece, which ends with the mention of the Ashokan edict in Junagadh.

Googles Android One play is not just aboutpricePrint
Sundar Pichai sees a big opportunity for Android One phones in India. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)
Written by Nandagopal Rajan | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 6:33 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 1:32 pm
The Android ecosystem might already be a billion devices large, but Google wants to expand it more and at a faster pace. This is where its new programme, Android One, fits in. No, it is not a new operating system, but an effort to bring the best hardware-software combo possible to the magical $100 price point. So the first set of Android One smartphones, launched in India and carrying Indian brands on the rear, will all be priced at Rs 6,399, aiming to woo the first-time smartphone buyers.
Sundar Pichai, Google senior vice president for Android, Chrome and Apps, said the price point and the entire value proposition is good enough to get new customers on board. “This gives us an opportunity to expand the market significantly… we see a lot of opportunity going ahead,” said Pichai, who is originally from Chennai.
Pichai said Android One tries to solve the problems people face with hardware, software and connectivity while buying affordable smartphones. It will also solve the obstacle of language by including Google Translate with a Hindi-English-Hindi package. There will also be Google Now with a focus on cricket and even train reservations and going ahead free access to YouTube.
Along with the 50 per cent less data usage and free data packages offered by service providers likes Airtel, Google hopes these phones will be able to differentiate itself from the scores of Android phones available at similar price points. Anand Chandrasekaran, Chief Product Officer, Bharti Airtel said customers would be able to enjoy 100 MB of data per month for six months for software updates and 200 MB per month for a similar period for app downloads and updates on the “first prepaid active Airtel SIM inserted in the Android One device”. Plus, this will offer a pure Android experience like Google’s costlier Nexus devices and will be among the first to get the new Android L update when it is released for consumers.
Micromax Canvas A1
The three phones launched today from Micromax, Karbonn and Spice all have the same specifications though they sport slightly different designs. One common factor in the new devices is the MediaTek processor. Mohit Bhushan, VP and GM at MediaTek, said the affordable smartphones so far were devoid of a full mobile experience and that is where Android One stands out. “This will trigger more aggressive growth in the smartphone segment. This is just the start of a journey, you will see more devices in the new future with different display sizes and connectivity options under the Android One umbrella,” he added.
The phones will sell only online initially with each manufacturer deciding to pick an etailer from among Flipkart, Amazon and SnapDeal. Later, the continued…
This gives us an opportunity to expand the market significantly… we see a lot of opportunity going ahead

Google launches Android One devices at 6 399Google launched their much-awaited sub-$100 Android One smartphones on Monday, and in India would be available through domestic cellphone makers Micromax, Karbonn and Spice. Prices for the Android One would start from Rs. 6,399.
Karbonn Sparkle V (Photo: Snapdeal)
Looking to penetrate further into the mobile market in developing nations, the Google plans to roll out the Android One in Pakistan, Bangladesh, Indonesia, Philippines, and Sri Lanka in the coming months. The Android One would also be available on other platforms, including Acer, Xolo, HTC and Lenovo.
The Android One dual-sim smartphone would sport a 1.3 GHz quad-core MediaTek processor, 1 GB RAM, 4.5-inch screen, and a 5 MP rear camera. Though the internal storage is just 4 GB, it can be expanded up to 32 GB.  It would be available for purchase on major online shopping portals, and can be bought in retails stores from early October.
Spice Dream UNO (Photo: Flipkart)
Micromax will sell its Android One powered Canvas A1 on Amazon, Spice would sell Dream UNO on Flipkart and the Karbon Sparkle V would be available on Snapdeal. The Android One will face fierce competition in the under-Rs.10,000 smartphone market in India.
Online shopping portals are going all out to lure customers to buy the Android One. A host of gift vouchers aside, Snapdeal, Amazon and Flipkart are also throwing in an 8 GB memory card. Meanwhile, Airtel has partnered with Google to provide 100 MB/200 MB of data per month for 6 months for software updates and app downloads so users can stay updated with the latest version of Android.
Micromax Canvas A1 (Photo: Amazon)

KFC-Owner Yum Brands Tries Saigon Street FoodMorning Money Memo:
Is America ready for Saigon street food? Yum Brands – the owners of Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and KFC – is betting that many people will like the taste of banh mi sandwiches, Asian salads and wok-fried food. Yum opened its first “fast casual” Banh Shop in Dallas. “With Southeast Asian cuisine growing in popularity in the U.S., we saw an opportunity to design a unique fast-casual concept that emulates delicious Saigon street food, with a focus on the Vietnamese banh mi sandwich,” Yum Brands executive Christophe Poirier told Nation’s Restaurant News. Vietnam is famous for its Chinese and French-influenced cuisine, and for years many business travelers and tourists have been raving about the quality of its fresh and spicy street food.
E-cigarettes are coming to the movies. For nearly two decades, product placement has been off limits to tobacco companies. But that doesn’t apply to e-cigs. “I don’t see a problem with glamorizing something that saves lives,” SmokeStik’s CEO Bill Marangos tells The Wall Street Journal. His company paid for product placement in a new film adaptation of Shakespeare’s Cymbeline. Actress Milla Jovovich puffs at a SmokeStik and in one scene signs for the brand hang in a convenience store.
Income equality is squeezing state budgets. The widening gap between the wealthiest Americans and everyone else has been matched by a slowdown in state tax revenue, according to a report today by Standard & Poor’s. Even as income for the affluent has accelerated, wage increases have barely kept pace with inflation for most other people. That trend can mean a double-whammy for states: The wealthy often manage to shield much of their income from taxes. And they tend to spend less of it than others do, thereby limiting sales tax revenue. As the growth of tax revenue has slowed, states have faced tensions over whether to raise taxes or cut spending to balance their budgets as required by law. Credit analyst Gabriel Petek says rising income inequality is more than a social issue because it “presents a very significant set of challenges for the policymakers.”
Vermont’s largest city has a new success to add to its list of socially conscious achievements: 100% of its electricity comes from renewable sources. With little fanfare, the Burlington Electric Department crossed the threshold this month with the purchase of a nearby hydroelectric project. The Washington Electric Cooperative, which serves parts of northern and central Vermont, reached the goal earlier this year. Some question the accounting methods used to make the claim because the utilities sell the rights to the renewable energy to other utilities. But the utilities then buy less expensive credits to offset the sale.
A lot is riding on the Fed this week. Policymakers at the Federal Reserve are to meet Tuesday and Wednesday. Markets will be watching for any change in guidance about the future direction for U.S. interest rates. A strengthening U.S. economy could lead to a rate hike sooner than was expected. Bond prices have been falling in recent days, as yields rise. Stock averages fell last week for the first week in six. There are also growing concerns about some large economies overseas. China’s factory output in August rose nearly 7 percent. But that’s a slower rate of growth than normal, and there has been a slump in China’s real estate development. Today, European finance ministers are talking about proposals to boost private investments as a way of improving the economy.
Richard Davies Business Correspondent ABC News Radio abcnews.com Twitter: daviesnow

Alicia Keys on pregnancy:  I m feeling really strongalicia keys on pregnancy:  i m feeling really strong
Flotsam  jetsam  and ___By Eugene Volokh September 15 Follow @volokhc
Blackstone tells us that “Jetsam is where goods are cast into the sea, and there sink and remain under water,” and “flotsam is where they continue swimming on the surface of the waves.” But there is a third category that the law recognizes, though one that (in my experience) hasn’t made its way into the vernacular the way that flotsam and jetsam have. What’s that category? No fair peeking.
I should note that all three terms are described by Blackstone as “barbarous and uncouth,” for whatever that’s worth.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Atheism has finally found its spiritual leaderYou can stay atheist, but be spiritual.(Reuters/Edgard Garrido)
SHARE
Tom Roston
September 15, 2014
The Godless have had a real PR problem for centuries. Up to this point in human history, atheism has lacked the wide, warm and consoling embrace that mystics, sages and religious leaders have been able to provide.
Not that not believing in God has gone without its high-profile proponents. Whether it was Karl Marx, Bertrand Russell, Sartre or Einstein, there have been plenty of role models. But it’s been a quiet tutelage, done so mostly in private, on the written page or at smoky back tables.
The only openly popular form of atheistic engagement comes at us like a freight train—strident, forceful and earth scorching. The widest acceptance of non-belief occurred under communism, in Stalinist Russia and Mao’s China. (We use the word “acceptance” very loosely here.)
More recently, there’s been the militant atheism espoused by the likes of writer-raconteur Christopher Hitchens, who died in 2011, and evolutionary biologist Richard Dawkins, who once told a crowd to “ridicule” and “mock” people of faith. Mere believers are low-hanging fruit for Dawkins. He also regularly takes swipes at survivors (be it of child abuse or sexual assault), people with Down syndrome, you name it.
But there may be a parting of the waters. Last week author and neuroscientist Sam Harris’s Waking Up: A Guide to Spirituality without Religion was published. Harris is one of the so-called four horsemen of new atheism, along with Hitchens, Dawkins, and philosopher Daniel Dennett. Though Harris doesn’t believe in a supreme power, he is advocating for spirituality, “boundless love” and a belief that “there is more to understanding the human condition than science and secular culture generally admit.”
Waking Up could be called a self-help book for atheists. Not that Harris would want us to do that; he doesn’t run with the touchy-feely crowd. Nevertheless, he’s writing for an audience (myself included) that needs some gentle guidance. We’re talking about a group of people who are primarily skeptics, fiercely individualistic, and mostly non-joiners—those who identify themselves by what they don’t believe in. This is not a crowd that easily rallies around any person or precept. About 10 years ago, an attempt was made amongst some atheists to embrace the label “The Brights,” but it didn’t have legs.
According to a 2012 report by Pew Research Center, between the 1970s and the early 1990s, the number of Americans with no ties to religion remained under 10%. But in the 1990s, that number began to rise, until 2012, when it had more than doubled, to 20%. These people claim no religious affiliation and have been categorized as “nones.” Included in this figure are 2.4% of Americans who call themselves atheists.
Harris speaks to all “nones” when he goes where few atheists have dared to tread, taking a path more commonly walked by the likes of shamans and New Age gurus: he is telling us to meditate, stop being judgmental, and even take mind-altering drugs (within reason). He references Rumi, the 13th century Sufi mystic:
 One day, you will find yourself outside this world which is like a mother’s womb. You will leave this earth to enter, while you are yet in the body, a vast expanse, and know that the words, “God’s earth is vast,” name this region from which the saints have come.
Would Harris consider joining Deepak Chopra for a follow-up to his 1998 CD, “A Gift of Love,” in which the latter recited Rumi poems with celebrity friends including Madonna and Demi Moore over tranquil music? I jest, but Harris is drinking from the same well.
I spent a year writing The Quantum Prophets: Richard Dawkins, Deepak Chopra and the Spooky Truth about their Battle over God , trying to trace the nature of the debate between these two sides. Chopra’s primary focus has been to narrow the gap between science and spiritualism for quite some time now, at the disgust of Dawkins and other materialists. But Harris may have successfully bridged the divide. Not totally. But he’s brought them closer. And that must make his fellow atheists very nervous.
Harris writes: “Many of my fellow atheists consider all talk of spirituality to be a sign of mental illness, conscious imposture, or self-deception. This is a problem, because millions of people have had experiences for which spiritual and mystical seem the only terms available.”
He wants us to meditate in order to attain a rational form of spirituality. When he talks of spirituality, he is attempting to give form to the concept of “cutting through the illusion of the self.” The inner “I” that we think is so special, he asserts, is a chimera.
According to materialists, our consciousness may actually be an emergent byproduct of the complex firings of a hundred billion neural networks. Thoughts are like weather patterns or salt; combine sodium and chloride and, bingo, you’ve got something salty. In a similar way, new thoughts arise. Still, how our consciousness actually arises remains hazy to science and materialists, such as Harris. It is therefore known as the “hard problem.”
Where Harris is pushing his materialist peers is out of the scientific lab where, he says, techniques like neural imaging will fail to find the internal eye of our minds. He asserts that disciplined, meditative introspection is a key tool to unpacking the originator of our thoughts, which is not to say that Harris believes the “I” is somehow connected to a soul or Chopra’s eternal stream of consciousness. He does not believe that any remaining questions about consciousness extend to the reality around us.
Whereas Chopra says that the brain, and all matter, is not fundamental but just an extension of a transcendent consciousness that permeates everything. Harris says that’s poppycock—the mind is a product of the brain.
The two took their dispute to Twitter recently:
@DeepakChopra If the ego is an illusion, it doesn't (really) arise. And if it's an illusion produced by the brain, the brain isn't one.
— Sam Harris (@SamHarrisOrg) August 31, 2014
But even though they disagree on the basics, they are trucking in similar references, recommendations, and language. And that could turn off many hard-core atheists.
Harris was in New York City last week promoting his book and he had an event at the Rubin Museum, which is dedicated to the art of the Himalayas, and is a meeting spot for advocates and devotees of Tibetan Buddhism. I was able to ask Harris, before he received a ceremonial khata scarf, if he was consciously trying to redirect the atheist movement.
“This has been coming for some time,” he told me, referring to his own line of reasoning, first sketched out in the 2004 book, End of Faith. “I am just trying to redirect our global conversation. I am not trying to change atheism.”
He appears to be wary of hoisting up a flag so that other atheists can follow him. Not that it would be in their nature to.
Harris reminded me that he was “in good company” because other materialists, such as Carl Sagan and Christopher Hitchens, had also appropriated similarly “powerful words,” such as spirituality.
He also suggested that our inability to reasonably discuss spiritual experience leads to worrisome conditions, such as the rise of a “religious crackpot.”
Over the past year, working on my book, I’ve witnessed the sort of bullheadeness he referred to. [Because I accepted a grant from the Chopra Foundation, Dawkins wouldn’t talk with me, although many of his allies did.]
In my interview with Daniel Dennett, I asked him, among other things, if there was any room to embrace the limitations of human knowledge and, in the same way that I can be moved by music, find transcendence in contemplating the unknown universe.
“The fact that Deepak Chopra seems to be a path worth exploring for you,” Dennett said to me. “I am not sure I am interested in what your mind has to offer.”
And Chopra is similarly intransigent.
“With Dawkins, I am just pissed off,” Chopra told me. “I am pissed off by his arrogance and his pretense of being a really good scientist,” Chopra said. “He is using his scientific credentials to literally go on a rampage.”
I suggested that it had to be more than that.
“I totally agree. It’s my last challenge,” he said. “It may be a very strange psychological issue.”
Or not so strange.
When he was six years old, living in India, his father went to Britain to pursue higher studies in medicine.
“My mother said that the first thing you need to do when get there is to get a white British guy to polish your shoes,” Chopra recalled. “My parents, they grew up under English colonialism. Two hundred years of enslavement, and he went to Southampton and made sure it was a white guy that had his shoes shined.”
His father sent them a letter, and Chopra recalls his mother reading it to them, and saying, “See, after 200 years, your father got his shoes shined.”
Now, Chopra can’t stand “these Oxford and Cambridge pseudo intellectuals,” he said. “India has a habit of aping them. There are more fans of Dawkins in India than anywhere else. It’s the post-colonial hangover.”
“I have to let it go,” he said to me, and he promised to do so many times to me. But he hasn’t.
If Chopra, the one who regularly espouses the law of detachment (one of his “seven spiritual laws of success”), can’t rise above the ill will, then what hope is there for the atheists?
And here’s where Harris steps in. Not that he’s the first atheist to be level headed about these things. Author Alain de Botton has been pushing for an “atheism 2.0” which borrows from the insights and tactics of religion.
“Dawkins is utterly consistent in rooting out intellectual error and utterly blind to the emotional dimensions of religiosity,” he told me. “I would desperately like him to reform his ideas.”
And Harris’s book comes after the publication this year of Living with a Wild God, tough-as-nails atheist Barbara Ehrenreich’s memoir in which she wrestles with a childhood mystical experience that transcends rational explanation. By the end, Ehrenreich embraces the fact that “experience—empirical experience—requires me to keep an open mind,” and a wonder at the emergent qualities in nature that suggest we don’t have a clue of what really governs our universe.
This is sounding like atheism may have turned a corner.
The title of Harris’s book, Waking Up, is a well-considered one. Waking from a dream is a powerful notion, very often used by mystics. Budhi actually means “to wake up.”
Lord knows pushing meditation and using the word “spirit” in a title could sell lots of books, but I do not think that this can be reduced to opportunism. Harris may be the first person to effectively talk the talk of the spiritualists and remain an authentic atheist.
What do atheists think? For one, evolutionary biologist Jerry Coyne, a professor at the University of Chicago and a fierce attack dog against creationists, gave Waking Up a positive blurb and wrote on his website, “The book will surely anger or confuse those people who think Sam has gone soft on religion, but take my word for it, there’s not an iota of sympathy for the divine.”
Harris told me that he didn’t know if Dawkins had read his book yet. But I couldn’t help notice that Dawkins gave Harris’s 2004 bestseller, The End of Faith, a thumbs up: “Read Sam Harris and wake up,” he wrote.
In just the title, Harris has declawed Dawkins’s benediction, originally expressed in typically scolding terms, and turned it into an inspirational calling for all of us.
We welcome your comments at ideas@qz.com . 
Share this:

Zydus granted license to produce generic hepatitis C drugZydus Cadila bags license for hepatitis C drug
BS Reporter | Ahmedabad Sep 15, 2014 08:56 PM IST
Ahmedabad-based pharma major Cadila Healthcare (Zydus Cadila) today announced that it has signed a non-exclusive licensing agreement with Gilead Sciences Inc, which will allow the generic manufacture of sofosbuvir and ledipasvir (used for treatment of chronic Hepatitis C) for distribution in 90 developing countries, including India.
The company said here in a statement that the agreement would allow Zydus to manufacture the generic versions of sofosbuvir and the investigational single tablet regimen of ledipasvir / sofosbuvir. "There are nearly 10 million patients suffering from hepatitis C in India. The problem is further compounded by the fact that patients remain undiagnosed till the late stage and can ill afford the treatment," the statement said.
Pankaj R Patel, chairman and managing director of the Zydus Group said, "By joining hands and providing access to affordable therapy, we are taking a far reaching step towards fighting the scourge of hepatitis C. It is through such joint initiatives and combined efforts that we serve the cause of healthcare."
Zydus Heptiza, the specialty division of the Zydus group will be marketing the therapy. "Over the last four years since launch, Heptiza is the only division present with an entire range of antivirals approved for hepatitis B & C management in India. It has been reaching out to high risk population with free screening for hepatitis B & C patients and has made available hepatitis B vaccination to patients, free of cost," the statement said.
Under the licensing agreement, Zydus will receive a complete technology transfer of the Gilead manufacturing process to enabling production to be scaled up as quickly as possible. Zydus will set its own prices for the generic product, paying a royalty on sales to Gilead. The licenses also permit the manufacture of sofosbuvir or ledipasvir in combination with other chronic hepatitis C medicines.
Sofosbuvir was approved under the trade name Sovaldi by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in December 2013 and by the European Commission in January 2014. The FDA and the European Medicines Agency are currently reviewing the company's applications for a single tablet regimen of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir; it is an investigational agent and its safety and efficacy have not been established.

Wipro bags deal from Saudi Electricity CompanyWipro bags deal from Saudi Electricity Company
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 15, 2014 05:46 PM IST
Wipro Arabia, a subsidiary of India's third largest IT firm Wipro, has bagged a contract from Saudi-based Saudi Electricity Company (SEC) for implementing and rolling out plant maintenance and project system functionality of SAP ERP application.
No financial details were disclosed.
SEC is the largest power utility company in the Middle East serving approximately five million customers in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA).
"As part of this engagement, Wipro will implement and rollout the plant maintenance and project system functionality of the SAP ERP application for SEC's distribution business line across KSA," it said in a statement.
The SAP ERP-based system is expected to go live in the next 10 months.
Once implemented, it is expected to enable the power utility company to have an integrated system that offers centralised and standardised processes across its plants, it added.
This will help ensure uptime of distribution networks, expense controls and effective utilisation of assets.
"We have traditionally had a strong position in the utilities space in the global market, and this will allow us to further strengthen our leadership in this space in KSA," Wipro Arabia General Manager and Head Thomas George said.
The deployment will help SEC to methodically migrate existing data from current digitised and manually maintained systems to SAP Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) solution.
In addition, the solution will help SEC to streamline day-to-day operations and increase operational and financial efficiencies.
"With this program, we will be able to scale up our operations in a significant way and seamlessly manage our distribution networks. Wipro's deep domain capability and technology-leadership will help us deliver cost-effective services and serve our large customer base in an efficient manner," Eng Mohammad A Al-Nahari, NEBRAS Program Executive Director, Saudi Electricity Company said.

Microsoft to acquire Minecraft maker Mojang for $2.5 billionMicrosoft to acquire Minecraft maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
By Reuters | 15 Sep, 2014, 07.07PM IST
Microsoft to acquire Minecraft maker Mojang
Microsoft to acquire Minecraft maker Mojang
Microsoft said it expects the acquisition to be break-even in fiscal year 2015 on a GAAP basis. The deal is expected to close in late 2014.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
STOCKHOLM/SEATTLE: Microsoft Corp has agreed to acquire the Stockholm-based developer of the wildly popular Minecraft video game for $2.5 billion, as it tries to lure a new and mostly young audience into its mobile world.
Minecraft - a construction game in which players can build nearly anything imaginable, block by block, in a digital, Lego-like world - has spread like wildfire since its full release by developer Mojang in 2011.
Minecraft is the top paid-for app both on Apple Inc's iOS and Google Inc's Android systems and helped Mojang, which employs just 40 people, bring in 2.05 billion crowns ($287 million) in revenue in 2013, giving it an 896 million crown ($126 million) operating profit for the year.
Director of website Gamesbrief Nicholas Lovell described Minecraft as a hugely successful product which has "captured the imagination of pretty much everybody under the age of 15", saying the game could help Microsoft broaden its appeal.
While the Mojang team will join Microsoft studios behind global franchises such as "Halo" and "Fable", its three co-founders, who have been chased by the likes of Napster co-founder and early Facebook Inc investor Sean Parker, will be leaving to start new projects.
As if to erase any doubts about the importance of gaming, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said it was a "top activity" spanning devices from PCs and consoles to tablets and mobiles, with billions of hours devoted to it each year.
"Minecraft is more than a great game franchise - it is an open world platform, driven by a vibrant community we care deeply about, and rich with new opportunities for that community and for Microsoft," Nadella said on Monday.
Microsoft has spent lavishly in the Nordic region in recent years, buying the handset business of Nokia for $7.2 billion in a deal which closed this year. In 2011, it spent $8.5 billion on Skype, which has its roots in Scandinavia and the Baltics.
Some analysts were positive about the acquisition.
"The news robustly dismisses the idea that games are no longer at the core of Microsoft's strategic direction and also underlines the growing importance of independent titles alongside big-budget games," Piers Harding-Rolls, head of games at IHS Technology, wrote in a note.
FBR Capital Markets said the deal gave Nadella "the right product at the right time," as Microsoft invests in its Xbox strategy and moves into the intensely competitive mobile phone sector with Nokia under its hood.
Just five years old, Mojang was co-founded by Markus Persson, who developed the hit Minecraft game after previously working at Sweden's King Digital Entertainment Plc, maker of the Candy Crush Saga game.
NOT ABOUT THE MONEY
News of the Microsoft deal surprised some Minecraft players who know Persson, or "Notch" as he is commonly known, more for his anti-big business stance. But he explained the reasons behind the deal in a blog shortly after the deal was announced.
"As soon as this deal is finalized, I will leave Mojang and go back to doing Ludum Dares and small web experiments. If I ever accidentally make something that seems to gain traction, I'll probably abandon it immediately," Persson said in the blog posted on his Twitter feed.
"I love you. All of you. Thank you for turning Minecraft into what it has become, but there are too many of you, and I can't be responsible for something this big," he said. "It's not about the money. It's about my sanity."
Notch, 35, owns 71 percent of Mojang through his company Notch Development AB and stands to become a billionaire if the deal goes through. JP Morgan was the sole advisor to Mojang on the sale.
Analysts have said Microsoft's purchase of Mojang is more aimed at pulling users onto its obscure mobile platform than its better known PC system or Xbox game console.
Minecraft was launched as a PC game, but about 40 percent of copies are downloaded onto phones and tablets.
In accounting terms, Microsoft expects the acquisition, which should close late in 2014, will break even in its current 2015 fiscal year.
A $2.5 billion deal for Mojang, or about 8 times sales last year, is small change for Microsoft, which has $86 billion in cash and short-term investments. But it is relatively large and expensive for game company acquisitions.
Japan's SoftBank Corp paid $1.53 billion for a 50 percent stake in Finland's Supercell last year at about 3.5 times projected annual sales. Electronic Arts Inc's (EA) $750 million acquisition of PopCap in 2011 was valued at around 10 to 11 times sales.
The Nordic region, also home to Angry Birds maker Rovio, has emerged as an important player in the gaming world, thanks to its long, dark winters and highly connected societies.
EA snapped up Swedish video game maker DICE, best known for the Battlefield franchise, in 2006, and the sale of Mojang comes hard on the heels of King's listing on the New York Stock Exchange earlier this year.
"It's another acknowledgement of the Swedish games industry and the technology that we produce, that a company like Microsoft wants to invest enormous amounts here," said Per Stromback, spokesman for the Swedish Games Industry.

Sena will have to yield to BJP: Pawaralliances and coalition
Congress-NCP seat-sharing impasse will end in few days, he says
The Shiv Sena will have to give in to the Bharatiya Janata Party’s demands over seat-sharing in the ‘Mahayuti’ alliance, Nationalist Congress Party chief Sharad Pawar said on Monday.
Addressing a press conference in Kolhapur district, Mr. Pawar said the Sena “was probably not aware” that it had piggybacked on the Modi wave while bagging 18 seats in Maharashtra.
“There is no question of the BJP’s pre-eminence in its alliance with the Sena,” Mr. Pawar said.
The BJP-Sena ‘Mahayuti’ alliance won 42 of the 48 Lok Sabha seats, with the BJP securing 23 seats.
Acknowledging the poor showing of the NCP and the Congress in the Lok Sabha polls, Mr. Pawar said the national results would not necessarily determine the outcome in the coming Maharashtra Assembly elections.
“While it is true that the Congress-NCP coalition has fared badly in the parliamentary polls, it does not mean that the verdict would be repeated in the Assembly elections as well,” he said, expressing the hope that the people of the State would return the ruling Democratic Front alliance to power.
He said the contentious seat-sharing impasse between the Congress and the NCP would be resolved in a few days. The NCP, which contested in 114 seats in 2009, has been demanding more seats on the grounds of its ‘better’ performance in the Lok Sabha polls, in which it secured four seats while the Congress managed only two in the State.
“We will announce our list of candidates soon after discussions,” he said.
Playing down the recent spate of defections from his party, the NCP supremo asserted that the movement of a few leaders had in no way dented the prestige of the party.
“There is no exodus from the NCP … it is only a question of four-five leaders who have not appreciated our advice to firm up their efforts in regional constituencies,” Mr. Pawar said.
The NCP will kick-start its election campaign from Kolhapur on Tuesday.

Apple posts record iPhone 6 sales in first dayApple sold 4 million iPhone 6 and 6 Plus in first day
By David Goldman   @DavidGoldmanCNN September 15, 2014: 10:03 AM ET
 
iPhone 6 or 6 Plus: Which should you buy?
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
Apparently, a lot of people want the iPhone 6.
Apple sold a record 4 million iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones on Friday, the first day that the new iGadgets were available for pre-order, the company said Monday.
Demand for the new iPhones was so high that the iPhone 6 Plus sold out within hours. While many people who pre-ordered the iPhone 6 will get them this Friday, many others won't get their iPhones delivered until next month.
"Demand for the new iPhones exceeds the initial pre-order supply," Apple said in a statement. The company noted that an additional supply of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus smartphones will be made available to walk-in customers on Friday Sept. 19, beginning at 8:00 a.m. local time at Apple stores. People have already begun camping outside Apple Stores around the world to be among the first to get their hands on one of the new iPhones.
Related: Apple's Tim Cook on TV, Steve Jobs and the iPhone 6
This is the first year that Apple announced how many iPhones it sold in the first day -- rather than in the first weekend. A year ago, Apple said it sold 9 million iPhone 5S and 5C smartphones in the first weekend .
 
iPhone 6 or 6 Plus: Which should you buy?
But the numbers aren't exactly "apples to apples," pardon the pun. The iPhone 5S was not available for pre-order. Also, the iPhone 5S went on sale in China at the same time as as it hit store shelves in the United States.
This year, the iPhone 6 will not be available in China until at earliest October. China was not listed among the 30 countries that will get the iPhone this month.
First Published: September 15, 2014: 9:13 AM ET
Most Popular

Fare war now on global routesSep 15, 2014, 07.05 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Fare war now on global routes
Tigerair's Rs 10 one-way fare offer to Singapore would be applicable only on round trip tickets from India, under which the fare could be as low as Rs 7,499 including taxes, the airline said in a statement.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Fare war now on global routes
Tigerair's Rs 10 one-way fare offer to Singapore would be applicable only on round trip tickets from India, under which the fare could be as low as Rs 7,499 including taxes, the airline said in a statement.
Post your opinion here
 
Initiating a fare war on global routes, Qatar Airways and Singaporean budget carrier Tigerair today announced massive limited-period discounts hoping to corner a chunk of the Indian travel market share.
While Tigerair announced a special one-way base fare of Rs 10 only to Singapore for Indian passengers to commemorate completion of decade-long operations, Qatar Airways launched a global promotional offer of up to 25 percent savings on its tickets to over 140 destinations across the world.
Tigerair's Rs 10 one-way fare offer to Singapore would be applicable only on round trip tickets from India, under which the fare could be as low as Rs 7,499 including taxes, the airline said in a statement.
The Qatar Airways' promotional fare tickets under its three-day 'The World is Yours' global sale would have to be bought between today and Wednesday for travel from September 25 till June 15 next year, the airline said in a statement.
The discount of up to 25 percent is being offered for return travel in all classes for travel from India via its Doha hub, a Qatar Airways statement said, adding that there were limited seats on offer subject to availability.
The airline connects 12 cities in India via Doha to an array of destinations like Barcelona, Dallas, London, Miami, New York, Paris, Rome and several others.
In the statement, its Chief Executive Akbar Al Baker said, "Qatar Airways' global sale is eagerly awaited by our passengers and with up to 25 percent discount on return fares, there will never be a better time for our customers to plan leisure or business trips."
Tigerair's tickets which can be booked till September 21 would be valid for travel commencing January 12 to March 31, 2015, and July 21 to September 22, it said.
The airline was also offering special all-in return fares starting Rs 11,999 to destinations like, Bali, Jakarta, Perth, Manila, Hong Kong, Sydney, Gold coast via Singapore. Flights to Sydney and Gold Coast would be operated in collaboration with Scoot, another Singapore-based low-cost long-haul airline, the statement said.
The offers can be availed of on Tigerair's official website from any of the five cities of Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad, Kochi and Tiruchirappalli. Tigerair operates total 37 weekly flights to Singapore from six Indian destinations.
RELATED NEWS

Wall St. flat  but energy shares lowerDow, S&P 500 end at records after U.S. data, Intel outlook
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Tech shares gave the market its biggest lift, along with energy. Boosting all three major indexes, Intel shares jumped 4.7 percent to $35.95, hitting their highest level since January 2002, after its 2015 revenue outlook was above Wall Street's expectations and the company raised its dividend.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
The S&P technology index rose 0.6 percent, while the energy index gained 1.1 percent.
Further supporting stocks, data showed factory activity in the U.S. mid-Atlantic region grew at its fastest pace in two decades, U.S. home resales jumped to their highest in more than a year in October, and a gauge of future U.S. economic activity gained.
Growth in the economy and earnings should bode well for stocks heading into next year, said Margaret Patel, senior portfolio manager at Wells Capital Management.
"Next year will be a reasonable to maybe a surprisingly good year," she said. "(There is) no reason in the world why we can't see P/Es expand." Patel said stocks could rise by a mid single-digit to high-teens percentage next year.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 33.27 points, or 0.19 percent, to 17,719, a record close. The S&P 500 gained 4.03 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,052.75, its 44th record high this year.
The Nasdaq Composite added 26.16 points, or 0.56 percent, to 4,701.87.
The Philadelphia Fed area "isn't a hub of industrial activity anymore but it's still important and it's strong," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group.
The upbeat U.S. data offset weakness overseas, including euro zone business growth that was slower than expected this month.
Best Buy added 7 percent to $38.02, among the S&P's largest percentage gainers, after better-than-expected profit.
Among the top Nasdaq decliners was Keurig Green Mountain, down 7.4 percent at $142.50, a day after it forecast fiscal first-quarter profit below analysts' estimates.
After the bell, Gap shares fell 4.9 percent to $38.19 following its results. Gap shares ended the regular session up 1.5 percent.
About 5.7 billion shares traded on U.S. exchanges, compared below 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 2,013 to 1,025, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,824 issues rose and 893 fell for a 2.04-to-1 ratio.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)

Road projects in Madhya Pradesh to roll out in 4 months: Nitin GadkariRoad projects in Madhya Pradesh to roll out in 4 months: Nitin Gadkari
L&T Construction wins Orders worth Rs2050 CrsL&T Construction wins Orders worth Rs2050 Crs
Russia warns of excluding Ukraine from CIS free trade zoneRussia warns of excluding Ukraine from CIS free trade zone
Shemaroo IPO: Big strengths  some risksBig strengths, some risks for Shemaroo
Sheetal Agarwal | Mumbai Sep 15, 2014 10:46 PM IST
Incorporated in 1962, Shemaroo Entertainment is into acquisition, value addition to content and the content distribution business. Bollywood (and some regional) movies and music, along with small presence in devotional music, is the key content it distributes.
It has a little more than 2,900 titles — Bhaag Milkha Bhaag, Queen, Dedh Ishqiya, Black and Zanjeer, amongst others. It distributes this content via four main categories, namely, television (satellite, terrestrial/Doordarshan, cable TV), new media (mobile, internet, direct-to-home, Youtube), home entertainment (Blu Ray, VCDs, DVDs) and other media (in-flight, overseas).
Shemaroo has perpetual rights on 759 titles and limited ownership (three to five years) on the remaining 2,159. It can distribute titles with perpetual rights worldwide and across all mediums. These can be restricted by any one or a combination of either distribution platforms, period of use or geography, among others. TV channels form a little over 50 per cent of revenue and the company provides content to them on a license basis. Shemaroo is the official channel partner for Youtube and operates 32 channels for the latter. It gets a pie of the advertising revenues for its channels/content on Youtube.
Shemaroo is coming out with an Initial Public Offer, to raise up to Rs 120 crore at a price band of Rs 155-170 a share. The proceeds will be used to mostly source content.
A strong brand name, experienced management and vast content library are some of the key strengths. It has presence in all mediums/platforms of consuming the content, making it less vulnerable to technology changes. And, enjoys a strong, long-standing relationship with content producers such as RK Films and Mukta Arts, among many others.
An intensifying competitive scenario remains a key risk. While there are already large production houses such as Yash Raj Films, UTV, Eros and Reliance (ADAG) among those that are Shemaroo's peers in the movie distribution category, these are largely focused on the theatrical distribution (new movies) segment, where Shemaroo does not operate. Their presence in content distribution is negligible, currently.
Though the company says they offer value-additive services such as customised movie bouquets and technology-related improvement to content, the key risk for Shemaroo is that production houses can directly deal with TV channels and other distribution media platforms. T-Series, Moser Baer, Hungama Digital and the like are key peers. “Threats from piracy and other online content distributors such as Netflix, which could potentially open up business in India, taking away market share which Shemaroo so heavily relies upon, are key risks,” says Akshay Dalmia, analyst at IIFL.
The company management, though, is undeterred by Netflix's potential India entry, with the latter being one of its key clients. On the financial side, revenue growth has been healthy but margins have been under pressure in the past two years, leading to lower profit growth.
Shemaroo's growth strategy is to continuously keep strengthening its content library and increase monetisation of content across all platforms. While it does not plan to enter any new business segments in the foreseeable future, the key to success is its ability to scale up the high-potential new media platform.
After considering the 10 per cent discount for retail investors, the price band is Rs 139.5-153 a share. At this band and assuming 20 per cent growth rate in profit, the offer is priced at 16.5-17.7 times the FY15 estimated earnings, based on fully-diluted equity. This is higher than its listed peer, Eros International, which trades at 9.4 times the FY15 price to earnings ratio, and is much bigger and higher up the value chain than Shemaroo.

More drawings from The Washington Posts artist in AfghanistanBy Dan Lamothe September 12 Follow @danlamothe
Washington Post artist Richard Johnson’s reporting trip to Afghanistan continues to progress. As he writes today , he’s watching the U.S. Army’s Forward Operating Base Lightning in Paktia province slowly shrink, with relative comforts like Internet service disappearing as the United States prepares to turn the base over to the Afghan military.
From his post today:
How does a FOB wither? It starts with the luxuries.
The contracted caterers left a week ago, so the Army has gone back to feeding itself. (Thursday night is Meals Ready to Eat night). The Post Exchange (PX) where soldiers could shop for non-essential items like candy and deodorant closed up the week before that. The garbage guys are no longer picking up. By the end of this week, Sniper Hill, the Afghanistan-wide FOB internet service provider, will remove its routers, equipment and personnel. Across the base, soldiers can be seen dumping those luxuries that they won’t be carrying home. Everything from rugs to lamps is piling up around the dumpsters. Everything that exits the base goes by helicopter, or by road, and everything that leaves needs to be provided protection.
Early one morning last week I took a ride along with the Quick Reaction Force on hand for convoy support. The QRF group of armored vehicles filled with Third Cavalry infantry leapfrogged ahead of the draw-down convoy at various points to be ready to assist in case the convoy came under attack.
Like all things ‘Army,’ the QRF team liked to get a jump-start on the day, so we set off into the pitch dark at around 2 a.m. in advance of the convoy. Inside the armored vehicles all white lights are off. Conditions are cramped. Every spare space is filled with ammunition, and what remains is stuffed with soldiers. Drawing in the pitch black is not an easy thing for obvious reasons, but I managed these thanks to my red headlight. Sometime in the middle of the night we heard over the radio that five rockets had been fired at the FOB we had just left.
There are numerous other drawings up on Drawing the World Together , Johnson’s blog.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Scientists Capture The Sound Of A Single Atomreddit
What does an atom sound like? Apparently it's a "D-note."
That's according to scientists at Chalmers University of Technology in Göteborg, Sweden, who have revealed in a new study that they've captured the sound of a single atom .
"We have opened a new door into the quantum world by talking and listening to atoms ," study co-author Per Delsing, a physics professor at the university , said in a written statement. "Our long term goal is to harness quantum physics so that we can benefit from its laws, for example in extremely fast computers."
For their study, Delsing and his colleagues constructed an artificial atom 0.01 millimeters long and placed it on the end of a superconducting material. Then they guided sound waves along the surface of the material, bounced sound off of the atom, and recorded what came back using a tiny microphone located on the other end of the material.
(Story continues below)
On the right, an artificial atom generates sound waves consisting of ripples on the surface of a solid material. The sound, known as a surface acoustic wave is picked up on the left by a "microphone" composed of interlaced metal fingers.
"According to the theory, the sound from the atom is divided into quantum particles," study co-author Martin Gustafsson, a post-doctoral researcher at Columbia University, said in the statement. "Such a particle is the weakest sound that can be detected."
That sound was a "D-note" about 20 octaves above the highest note on the piano, which is a pitch much higher than the human ear can detect.
The researchers said that manipulating sound on the quantum level may lead to new developments in quantum computing. Sound has a short wavelength and travels 100,000 times slower than light, which means it's much easier to control.
“Whether it has implications for quantum computing may be too early to tell, but it expands the toolbox for technologies to work with,” Steve Rolston, co-director of the University of Maryland’s Joint Quantum Institute, who was not involved in the study, told Discovery News.
The study was published online in the journal Science on September 11, 2014.
Also on HuffPost:

Life Insurance Advisor: Out of the ClosetI'm a life insurance agent.
It's taken me 33 years and 12 days to admit that.
Ironically, there has never been a time in those 33 years and 12 days where I did not make a living selling life insurance products.
I've called myself other titles, masking that my income comes from the life insurance industry. It's been far cooler to list my other occupations such as syndicated columnist or best-selling author. Telling people about what to do when you win the lottery is a great conservation starter  and has brought me international recognition, but the occasional lottery winner that makes their way to me is not a primary occupation. I have 12 different occupations ,  but I started in the life insurance business 33 years ago and never left.
I've just never wanted to admit it.
There are multiple reasons why my lifetime occupation became a semi-hidden secret. The industry itself went through the same kind of identity crisis. I started with Mutual of New York, the oldest mutual insurance company in the United States. The MONY name was widely recognized (but often confused with New York Life) and even had its own pop single as Tommy James (of Tommy James and The Shondells) wrote the song "Mony, Mony" (later a hit for Billy Idol) after seeing the  MONY building in New York.
During the 17 years I was with Mutual of New York, they called themselves MONY, MONY Financial Services, and wound up as the MONY Group before they were purchased by AXA. I own several insurance policies with MONY and I still  get bills under that name, even though they come from an AXA service center. I feel like someone drinking a beer like Blatz or Schlitz where the brand is marketed by a different brewer.
I was lucky to hit the life insurance business when big companies were pushing the "career agent" concept. I went through four years of an intense training program. MONY spent thousands for me to take the classes to get three professional designations and paid for my Master's Degree in Financial Services. They sent me to training seminars all over the country and the education within our agency seemed to be non-stop. Very few companies do that now.
We would have 100 people start training at our agency and three would be around four years later.
It was like the Green Berets; those that survived the training system did incredibly well. If you drop into any major city, you will find that the most knowledgeable life insurance agents came out of that  agency system. This means they are old. I'm 55 and was at the tail end of that intensive method of training. A 2012 article in Life Insurance Selling said that the medium age for a Million Dollar Round Table member, which is the elite of the life insurance business, is 56. It also noted that the number of independent agents has been steadily declining, which is ironic as the industry is one of the few places in the financial services world that needs to be adding members..
There are reasons people shun a career in life insurance. Most companies operate on a commission only basis and people want the security of a steady paycheck.  Life Insurance seems simple on the surface, but to make it to the top level you have to study and never stop studying. I used to think it was hard to build up a client base, but not now.  There are so few people going into the life insurance business that the market is undeserved. I frequently ask my friends when the last time a life insurance agent  called on them. It never happens.
A major reason that people shun being a  life insurance is the stereotype of an agent is Ned in Bill Murray's movie Groundhog Day. Obnoxious, pushy and doing anything to get a sale. It's a lot easier to call yourself a financial planner than to be in that guy's league. I've seen  agents sell products that aren't suitable and worry more about making a commission than meeting a person's needs. You see that in every occupation, but there is not a balancing media figure in life insurance. There is no such thing as a nationally known life insurance agent and the presidents of life insurance companies are unknown too.   Thus,  Ned becomes our face to the world.
There are a lot of licensed agents because banks and companies target the middle of the economic scale, but most of those agents aren't experts. They learn how to sell a few products along with a bunch of non-related products.
Even the best don't call themselves life insurance agents.  A  normal practice is to dress themselves up in fancy titles like "wealth creation experts" or "estate planners." There was a character in the Alan Alda movie The Four Seasons who introduced himself as an insurance agent and his soon to be ex-wife said, "You're not an estate planner, you're an insurance salesman." The insurance salesman  remark was meant as a putdown. Maybe it should have taken the mojo to stand up in pride for his profession.
I came into the business before Groundhog Day, but the stereotype was firmly in place. My father was a bookie, foresaw the rise of legalized gambling and wanted me to use his contacts in Las Vegas to get into the casino business as it was ready to launch. A visionary move if I wanted to be in family business but I didn't. When I told him I was becoming a life insurance agent, he totally flipped out. He would have been happier if I had become a loan shark or a Mafia hit man. He kept hoping that I would quit, never referred any of his friends to me and didn't buy a policy until I had been in the business eight years. Three  years later, he died of prostate cancer and I delivered the death benefit to my stepmother.
I made it to the Million Dollar Round Table during my second year and had a lot of well-known and wealthy clients, who included a sitting Governor, but I never identified myself as an agent. I did financial planning and investments, but what was really successful was my career as a structured settlement consultant. Structured settlements are funded by life insurance annuities, but I was the first in Kentucky to specialize in structured settlements and we grew nationally. Ultimately, I got away from helping individuals with life insurance as I focused solely on structured settlements and annuities. Still life insurance products.
Since I sat on the advisory boards of a couple of insurance companies and made it to the Quarter Century Club with the Million Dollar Round Table, I stayed keenly in touch with what was happening with life insurance, and a lot of good things are happening. The price of insurance, especially term insurance, has gone down dramatically, and it's much easier for people with ailments to get a policy. Some people who hated cash value insurance started to like it again after their investments were hammered in 2008 and the interest rates at banks are  near zero.
I heard Ralph Nadar lecture when I was in graduate school at Vanderbilt and he wrote a book bashing the life insurance industry as it was a popular thing to do at the time.  Andrew Tobias wrote a great book on the topic. In the 1980s,  A football coach in Georgia named A.L. Williams started a company that promoted "buy term and invest the difference" like it was a religious mantra.
After three decades of working with lottery winners and injured people, and seeing 70 percent or more run through the money in five years or less, I can tell you that even if they buy the term insurance, very few are "investing the difference." As Will Rogers noted, most of them are spending money on things they don't need to impress people they don't know.
They need life insurance, but very few will have have much, or any, when they die.
Nadar saw the insurance industry from his inside-the-beltway lens. Because of its economic power, the insurance industry has big clout in Washington, but Ralph said that he thought career agency systems existed so that the big companies would have at least one agent in every Congressional District. Ralph has done a lot of  wonderful things to help consumers, but he missed on the idea of career life insurance agents. As a consumer advocate myself,  I see that we need knowledgeable people to educate people about how life insurance can help them. Washington and putting stuff out on the internet is not the answer. People need  real life advisors who know the options and how to meet needs.
One of my reasons for "coming out" is that in doing my own consumer advocacy (an unpaid but passionate hobby), I see the aging and declining pool of professional life insurance agents as a critical need.  It's been a decades before I let people know that I know the business.
One of the biggest points of contention is how life insurance advisors are compensated. Most are agents who get commissions. There are life insurance consultants who can take a fee to give advice about life insurance. There aren't many of them, but I am licensed by my home state of Kentucky as one. Some states require a separate license, some don't, and the ones that do normally allow an out of state consultant to get licensed in their state.
I'm not that hung up about the fee versus commission controversy. The battle is fought in the securities industry as well. Just because someone is paid a fee does not make them knowledgeable or honest. Just because someone accepts a commission does not mean they are a crook. I know excellent people on both sides of the argument.
The best way to determine honesty is by checking credentials and professional reputation.  Get a referral from a happy client.
I run into a lot of people who live by the "buy term and invest the difference" mantra. Some of them are investment people who will make money in fees if people buy other products. Some of them sincerely believe that all the people they meet will invest with discipline and not use the money to take a trip to Disney World. A lot of people near the financial profession really don't understand life insurance and it is easier to ignore it.  Insurance companies ought to work to make their products simpler but they seem in an arms race with other competitors to add the most bells and whistles to their policies.    Just get us something simple that will be in place when the client needs it.
I'm sure that some might think that my use of the term "coming out" is demeaning to gay people who have struggled with keeping their sexuality in the closet. One of my closest friends came out years ago, at a time when my generation and neighbors weren't accepting. Thus, I became a staunch supporter of gay rights as civil rights long  ago and know how difficult it has been for my gay friends to come out.  My father wasn't happy about me going into the life insurance business, but I wasn't barred from Thanksgiving dinner or anything like that. I've had gay friends whose families refuse to speak to them, but being who they are, and being proud of who they are, is an important part of someone's self-esteem and self-identity.
As a heterosexual grandfather, I am using the term correctly. The life insurance business is a part of who I am. I've been in it 33 years and 12 days and hope to get another 33 years and 12 days in it. I've made a difference in a lot of people's lives and I know it. On the other hand, there has always been shame in embracing the title. Some friends are stunned to find out that I really know a lot about life insurance. Even though  it has been the foundation of my life's work. I don't seem to lack in self-esteem or self-identity, but until I am 100 percent transparent about what I do, there is something lacking.
As noted, there are not many well-known life insurance and annuity advisors, anywhere in the world. I have the media platform and desire to be a role model, and maybe I can inspire others to do what I have done.
Be a well-educated  life insurance advisor. It's is a great profession.  And the world needs you.
--
Don McNay, CLU, ChFC, MSFS, CSSC is a life insurance advisor based in Lexington, Kentucky. He has Masters Degrees from Vanderbilt University and the American College. You can write to him at don@donmcnay.com or read more about him at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkMgs3lFwkQ
Follow Don McNay on Twitter: www.twitter.com/Donmcnay
More:
Fee Based Investment Advisors New York Life Life and Health Insurance Consultant Self Identity Commissioned Sales People Universal Life Insurance Coming Out Green Berets Mutual of New York Wealth Creation Chfc Immediate Annuities Groundhogs Day Insurance Andrew Tobias Lottery Guru Mdrt Lexington KY Lottery Winners Scissor Sisters Financial Security McNay Settlement Group Billy Idol Insurance Annuities Money Life Lessons From the Lottery Bill Murray Groundhog Day Don McNay Annuity Consultant Insurance Companies Insurance Advisor Insurance Consultant Clu Structured Settlements Tommy James Self Esteem Fee Based Financial Planners Coming Out of the Closet Vanderbilt University The American College Msfs Life Insurance Selling Magazine Million Dollar Round Table Eastern Kentucky University Personal Finance Don McNay and Lotteries Cssc Certified Structured Settlement Consultant Estate Planning and Wills Insurance Mony
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Kingfisher Loan Default Only a  Trickle : Former CAG Vinod RaiKotak Bank Buys ING Vysya in Record $2.4 Billion Share Deal
New Delhi: As industrialist Vijay Mallya fights his wilful defaulter tag, former Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) Vinod Rai has said Kingfisher Airlines' loan default is just a "trickle" and the overall problem of huge bad loans at public sector banks can be blamed on 'cronies' using connections to borrow money.
Mr Rai, who was the CAG during 2008-2013, has also stressed the need to understand the trend of non-performing assets (NPAs) of private sector banks being very low in comparison to that of public sector lenders.
Observing that cronies have neither the domain knowledge nor the financial strength to deliver, Mr Rai in his new book has said that they use their connections to borrow from the banking sector, especially from public sector lenders that are prone to manipulation.
"This is the underlying reason for non-performing assets (NPAs) of public sector banks going up manifold," he has written in the book titled 'The Dairy of the Nation's Conscience Keeper - Not Just An Accountant'.
"Stories of Kingfisher Airlines and Bhushan Steel are only now emerging in trickles. The amount that has gone into corporate debt restructuring is another story; it contains all the marquee names," he said.
On September 1, state-owned United Bank of India (UBI) declared Kingfisher Airlines, its promoter Vijay Mallya and three other directors as wilful defaulters. Kingfisher owes about Rs 7,000 crore to a 17-bank consortium led by State Bank of India.
Last month, a consortium of banks ordered a forensic audit into the books of account of cash-starved Bhushan Steel, which has total exposure of about Rs 40,000 crore to lenders.
The move came close on the heels of the arrest of Bhushan Steel vice chairman and managing director Neeraj Singal by the CBI in an alleged cash for loan scam involving Syndicate Bank chairman S K Jain.
According to Mr Rai, Reserve Bank of India (RBI) data showed that gross NPAs of public sector banks increasing to 3.61 per cent, which by all standards marked unprecedented high levels in 2013.
"Even if we were to accept the argument that these banks had to advance money in difficult times, why is it that the NPA of private sector bank is only half this percentage? It does not require much analysis to ascertain the reasons," he noted.
Further, the former CAG has raised concerns about the appointment process at public sector bank boards.
"Many of those who bemoan the malfeasance that has crept into appointment processes, are aware of the names of the nominee government directors on public sector bank boards, and the absence of 'fit and proper' criteria for their nomination."
"However, few take steps to correct the situation. Somewhere, someone will have to take the bull by the horns. The process cannot be delayed by even a day," Mr Rai added.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 13:29 (IST)

Vistara Fleet to be Maintained by Airbus: ReportKotak Bank Buys ING Vysya in Record $2.4 Billion Share Deal
Mumbai: Tata-Singapore Airlines venture Vistara has outsourced its engineering support services to original equipment maker Airbus and is also negotiating with homegrown AirWorks for maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) of its fleet, sources close to the development said on Sunday.
The full service carrier, which was earlier expected to take wings by the middle of next month, may now take a couple of months to launch its operations due to pending technical regulatory approvals.
"Vistara, which will have an all-Airbus fleet to begin with, has outsourced day-to-day maintenance of its fleet to the European aviation major Airbus," sources in Mumbai told PTI.
However, when contacted, both Vistara and AirWorks spokespersons declined to comment on the development. An announcement to this effect is likely to be announced soon, sources said.
Last month, Vistara chief executive Phee Teik Yeoh had said that he planned to have a fleet of five aircraft by the end of the year.
The Delhi-based airline has already decided to lease 20 Airbus A320 aircraft, including seven A320 Neo airplanes, which have the latest technology.
The airline is also in discussions with AirWorks for awarding the contract for maintenance, repair and overhaul of its aircraft.
Vistara, which is the third full service carrier in the country after national carrier Air India and Jet Airways, would operate from its base Delhi and connect Mumbai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Goa, Chandigarh, Srinagar, Jammu and Patna in the first year, as per the plan submitted to the regulator DGCA while applying for the air operator's permit in April this year.
It plans to operate 87 flights in the first year, with five leased Airbus A320s, and then scale it up to 301 flights by the fourth year.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 18:02 (IST)

Three lyricists  one family  one movieUpdated: September 14, 2014 20:58 IST
Three lyricists, one family, one movie
Srinivasa Ramanujam
Tamil cinema
We are often asked, 'Which is the best among the songs in Jeeva?' I can only say, ‘Singam onnu than irukku’ - Kabilan
Upcoming Tamil film Jeeva, which has music by composer D. Imman, will be special to the Vairamuthu family. That’s because three lyricists from the family – Vairamuthu, Madhan Karky and Kabilan – have all contributed to the same film, for the first time.
“It’s a rare event,” feels Madhan, “This is perhaps the first time in the country when three lyricists from the same family have worked on a film. It feels special.”
For Madhan, one of the most promising among the younger crop of lyricists in Tamil cinema, this album will certainly be close to the heart. “Kabilan and I have grown up watching appa write for films. And today, both of us are actually working on the same project as he is.”
Kabilan Vairamuthu, who has also written a song, says, “We are often asked a question – which is the best among the songs in Jeeva? For that, I can only say that, ‘Singam onnu than irukku.’” The sports-based film, directed by Suseenthiran, features Vishnu Vishal in the lead.

Destination in Arab SpringNew Delhi, September 14, 2014
Updated: September 14, 2014 20:25 IST
Destination in Arab Spring
Special Arrangement Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque
Special Arrangement Emirates Palace Hotel, Abu Dhabi
Special Arrangement Qasr Al Sarab Desert Resort in Abu Dhabhi
TOPICS
international holiday
Abu Dhabi is emerging as a favourite destination for Indians
The Arab spring has swept across West Asia and North Africa, leaving behind change of governments, disturbed economy and society. Mercifully some places continue to be peaceful and can still be accessed by outsiders looking for a window to the Arab world.
Abu Dhabi is one such place where tourism inflow has grown despite political unrest and security threat in the neighbouring countries. Between January-June 2014, 1,07,995 Indians visited Abu Dhabi, clocking a growth of 35 per cent over the corresponding period last year.
Now looking to capitalise on its success, Abu Dhabi is opening its doors to Indian tourists, even claiming it has Jain restaurants, facilities for easy visa, affordable hotels and shopping. To promote tourism, the Abu Dhabi Tourism and Culture Authority mounted a travel trade road show across five Indian cities— Bengaluru, Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Chennai and New Delhi. The city is claimed to be free of crime, It is also said to have great historicity.
For all tourists, there is an array of hotel options ranging from the opulent Emirates Palace Abu Dhabi, Yas Viceroy Abu Dhabi, the only hotel in the world to span an F1 race track or the five-star Hyatt Capital Gate housed in the world’s furthest leaning tower. To more modest budget options The place also has exciting resorts and hotels in the Al Gharbia Western Region, along the UAE capital’s stunning Corniche, luxurious havens on Saadiyat Island.
One of the most iconic landmarks is the Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque which was recently voted second in TripAdvisors Travellers Choice awards for outstanding landmarks. An architectural masterpiece, the mosque is built in memory of the Father of the United Arab Emirates and late UAE president Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan. One of the largest mosques in the world, it has a capacity of 40,000 worshippers and features 82 domes, 24 carat gold glided chandeliers and the world’s largest hand knotted carpet.
Another destination becoming increasingly popular with Indian travellers is the Yas Island. Here you will find the fabulous Yas Marina Circuit -the world class motor sports race track which hosts the annual Formula1, Etihad Airways Abu Dhabi Grand Prix. Other attractions on the island are the Yacht Club, Yas Links Golf Course, Ferrari World Abu Dhabi, Yas Waterworld and seven beautiful hotels.
Saadiyat Island, just seven minute drive from downtown Abu Dhabi and 50 minutes from Dubai, is a relaxed waterfront home, a cultural magnet for art lovers, a beach front destination and a focal point for sporting experiences.
Emirates Park Zoo houses animals like Ostriches, Ibex, Camels, Raccoons, Ferrets, Zebras and exotic fish and birds. The zoo lets children get up close to their favourite animals. The whole five acre park is covered by a fog system for outdoor cooling to keep the temperatures down.
For shopaholics, Abu Dhabi has a lot to offer, including big air-conditioned malls which are a welcome escape from the summer heat. Apart from the malls there are the Souks (traditional markets) which are evolving into bustling tourist attractions selling spices, perfumes, electronic goods,souvenirs, clothing and household items.
Abu Dhabi has a subtropical, arid climate. Sunny blue skies and high temperatures can be expected most of the year. The cooler months are November to April are the most pleasant time to visit.
Etihad Airways provides convenient and quick travel options across tier-1 and tier-2 cities all over India. Etihad now operates 112 flights per week from 10 Indian destinations to Abu Dhabi.

Sensex plunges 185 points in early tradeSensex, Nifty fall most in over 5 weeks on weak global cues
PTI  Mumbai, September 15, 2014
First Published: 10:12 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 19:13 IST(15/9/2014)
Comments
Logging their worst single-day dropin over five weeks, Sensex on Monday fell 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and Nifty slid 63.50 points to 8,042 on losses in bluechips tracking tepid China data and US rate hike fears, even as August domestic inflation eased to nearly 5-year low.
 
The rupee depreciated against US dollar to 61.05, further dampening market sentiments, said equity brokers.
 
Selling in metal, IT, oil and gas, capital goods, banking, consumer durables, auto, PSU and FMCG stocks, dragged the down the Sensex which dipped below the 27,000-mark. There was, however, buying in healthcare stocks such Cipla and Dr Reddy.
 
The 30-share BSE Sensex opened in negative terrain and quickly dipped below 27,000-mark reacting to Friday's data that showed IIP growth slowed to four-month low in July.
 
Around noon, data showed wholesale inflation fell sharply to 3.74% in August to a nearly five-year low. However, investors appeared to ignore the WPI inflation figures.
 
The index finally settled down by 244.48 points, or 0.90%, at 26,816.56, its weakest closing since August 28. The 244.48-point loss is Sensex's worst drop since August 8.
 
Devang Mehta, Sr. VP & Head - Equity Advisory, Anand Rathi Financial Services, said: "Markets were nervous on the back of tepid IIP data. Sensex and Nifty constituents continued to correct after a fast & furious rally. Frontline stocks are also in a pause mode in anticipation of clearer hints from the US Federal Reserve later this week."  
Overall, 25 Sensex stocks declined while five led by Cipla, Dr Reddy, HDFC Bank, Hero MotoCorp and Infosys rose.
 
The 50-issue NSE Nifty slipped below the 8,100-level by falling 63.50 points, or 0.78%, to 8,042.00. The 63.50-point fall was its sharpest daily loss since August 8.
 
Asian markets retreated Monday after data at the weekend showed Chinese industrial output expanded in August at its slowest rate since the global financial crisis.
 
Meanwhile, Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) bought shares worth a net Rs. 182.80 crore on last Friday as per the provisional data issued by stock exchanges.
 
Sectorwise, the BSE Metal index suffered the most by losing 1.69%, followed by Oil & Gas index (down 0.96%), IT index (down 0.96%), Capital Goods index (0.89%) and FMCG index (0.76%).
 

RBI Governor urges centre to de-regulate diesel prices37
0
Mumbai:Even as the government is continuing with a phased de-regulation of diesel prices, RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan has urged the Centre to completely de-regulate diesel prices. Rajan on Monday said diesel price de-regulation is especially important in the wake of rising global crude oil prices.
"De-regulation will empower state-owned oil firms to change rates in tandem with crude oil prices like in the case of petrol. In January 2013, the government started a phased de-regulation by allowing up to 50 paise a litre increase in diesel rates every month," Rajan said.
On Prime Minister Narendra Modi's newly introduced 'Jan Dhan' scheme Rajan said, "It is a good scheme, its target should be universal reach and not speed and numbers."
"Jan Dhan is a good scheme, its target should be universal reach and not speed and numbers, " Raghuram Rajan said.
#diesel #diesel price #inflation #growth
In wake of recent scandals, Rajan called for internal evaluation. "Recent scandals call for better internal evaluation of lending process; banking must become more engaged and informed, he said. "
Rajan also said that India's macroeconomic indicators are improving and inflation has been coming down consistent with the central bank's forecast, but Asia's third-largest economy needs investment growth to pick up.
Rajan, however, said Friday's industrial output and inflation data suggested that recovery was "uneven."
Output from mines, utilities and factories grew by a much slower-than-expected 0.5 per cent year-on-year, government data showed on Friday, down from June's revised 3.9 per cent rise.
Retail inflation, which the RBI tracks for setting lending rates, edged down marginally to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent a month earlier.
(With inputs from Reuters)

Growing digitisation is a warning to cash: BCGGrowing digitisation is a warning to cash: BCG
Nupur Anand | Mumbai Sep 15, 2014 12:36 PM IST
With digitisation gaining ground, it is likely that going ahead about 30-40% of cash in circulation will be replaced by digital transactions, says a report by Boston Consulting Group (BCG)
 
"Paper money, that has dominated transactions for centuries, could be on its way out. We see the warning to cash. There is a clear possibility of 30-40% substitution of cash in circulation in India with digital transactions," said the report.
 
Banks have been working at making the branches and backends more digital. Experts believe that this will not only boost productivity but proper use of technology can also be a important factor in trimming the increasing bad loans that the banking sector has been battling with. 
 
"By digitising processes end-to-end, engaging customers on digital channel for sales and transactions, and collectively working towards eradication of cash, banks can achieve up to 30% jump in sales productivity, reduce administrative staff by 10-15% and improve back office staff productivity by 20%," added the report.
 
BCG believes that banks that have a strong control over the payments system in the industry will be more successful in the process of digitisation. This is because going ahead most of the payments growth is likely to be on the digital channel such as internet, mobile, POS, ECS etc. Going ahead these channels are expected to serve specialised purposes and the global consulting firm sees it as a "tectonic paradigm shift."
 
The report points out that the competitiveness of PSBs can further decline until and unless concerns like talent constraints and overarching control in terms of decision making is addressed. In fact, BCG believes that the smaller public sector banks are at a greater risk. 
 
"The smaller public sector banks are at a particular risk of rapid decline given their poor investment in transformation. They lag significantly on virtually every dimension of digital preparedness. In our view, this should be a primary consideration in the blue print for consolidation of public sector banks in India," stated the report.

India  Vietnam ink 7 pacts; call for  freedom  of navigationPress Trust of India | Hanoi | Posted: September 15, 2014 5:31 pm
Strategically important oil and gas cooperation and extension of a USD 100 million credit by India for defence purchases are among the seven pacts inked between India and Vietnam as they called for “freedom” of navigation in the South China Sea, a remark that could irk China which has been claiming territorial sovereignty over the high seas.
The agreements were signed during the second day of the four-day state visit of President Pranab Mukherjee who held talks with his Vietnamese counterpart Truong Tan Sang here.
Both the countries decided to strengthen and deepen bilateral ties on the basis of the strategic partnership with focus on political, defence and security cooperation.
They decided to step up collaboration in the economic sector, science and technology, culture and people-to-people links.
In a subtle message to China, India and Vietnam, who established strategic ties in 2007, asserted that the freedom of navigation in the disputed waters of the resource-rich South China Sea should not be “impeded” and called all the parties “concerned” to exercise restraint in this context.
“The leaders reiterated their desire and determination to work together to maintain peace, stability, growth and prosperity in Asia. They agreed that freedom of navigation in the East Sea/South China Sea should not be impeded and called the parties concerned to exercise restraint, avoid threat or use of force and resolve disputes through peaceful means in accordance with universally recognised principles of
international law, including the UNCLOS-1982,” said a joint communique issued after the meeting.
China has been exerting its influence in these waters which is not taken well by Vietnam and other bordering countries like the Philippines. Beijing has also objected to India’s exploration projects in the Vietnamese oil blocks.
Among the seven pacts inked, a Letter of Intent (LoI) was signed between the ONGC Videsh Limited (OVL) and Vietnam Oil and Gas Group (PetroVietnam).
The LoI is aimed at further consolidating cooperation between India and Vietnam in energy sector and pave the way for future collaboration between the two countries.
The two sides urged for “collective commitment of the concerned parties to abide by and implement the 2002 Declaration on the Conduct of Parties in the South China Sea and to work towards the adoption of a Code of Conduct in the South China Sea on the basis of consensus.
“They called for cooperation in ensuring security of sea-lanes, maritime security, combating piracy and conducting search and rescue operations,” it said.
India and Vietnam also signed an MoU on extension of USD 100 million Line of Credit to Hanoi for defence procurement.

 Free Diesel Prices at the Earliest: RBI GovernorIndia to Invest $4 Billion to Tackle Power Theft
Mumbai: The government must take advantage of the lowest oil prices in a year to deregulate diesel, Reserve Bank of India Governor Raghuram Rajan said on Monday.
Brent crude, a benchmark for Asian and Indian buyers, has fallen 14 per cent since June to $96.38 per barrel. This together with monthly price increases of up to 50 paise a litre has trimmed losses on the nation's most consumed fuel to 8 paise per litre.
"Lower crude oil prices are helping consuming countries like us. Typically a lower oil price means a lower CAD (current account deficit), lower oil subsidies and lower inflation. We need to seize this moment to eliminate diesel subsidies completely. We should take this moment to eliminate diesel subsidies as soon as possible," Mr Rajan told a banking summit in Mumbai.
The next revision in diesel prices is due this month-end and going by the present trend the under-recovery or the difference between the imported cost and the retailing selling price, will be wiped out with a minimal hike.
Even after the under-recovery is wiped out, the Cabinet has to approve de-regulation or freeing of diesel prices. This will empower the oil companies to change rates in tandem with cost like they do in case of petrol since June 2012.
"We can of course wait but the moment will leave us and we may be back to subsidising," he said.
The NDA government has continued with the previous UPA regime's policy of raising diesel rates by up to 50 paise a litre every month to bridge the gap between cost and retail prices.
Originally, petrol and diesel prices were deregulated in April 2002 when NDA government was in power. Administered pricing regime, however, made a back-door entry towards the end of NDA regime in the first quarter of 2004 when crude prices started inching up.
Congress-led UPA controlled rates as international oil prices went through the roof. In June 2010, however, it freed petrol price from its control and rates have since them moved more or less in tandem with cost.
In January 2013, the UPA decided to deregulate diesel prices in stages through monthly 50 paise a litre increases. Rates were last raised on August 31 after which losses have dipped.
The prices have cumulatively risen by Rs 11.81 per litre in 19 instalments since January 2013.
Oil Ministry officials said once the under-recovery is eliminated, a proposal would be put to the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs for deregulation of diesel prices as was done for petrol.
Deregulation would empower state-owned oil firms to change rates in tandem with cost like they do for petrol.
Mr Rajan admitted that there are significant geopolitical risks with Ukraine and the Middle East in turmoil leading analysts to worry that the current low oil prices may be a temporary phenomenon.
Last year, India imported more than 118 million tonnes of crude worth $144 billion, making it the largest contributor to a historic high current account deficit which had shot up to over 6 per cent in the middle of last fiscal year forcing the government to unleash some unconventional measures like curbs on gold imports.
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 15:30 (IST)

Axis Bank launches e-surveillance facility for ATMsAxis Bank launches e-surveillance facility for ATMs
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 15, 2014 04:34 PM IST
Private sector Axis Bank today launched e-surveillance facility for its ATMs for better monitoring and detection of any unauthorised activity at the site on real time basis.
Under the e-surveillance facility, the ATM premises will be monitored 24x7 from a centralised security operation centre and an immediate alert will be activated in case of detection of any unauthorised activity at the site, Axis Bank Head (Retail) Rajiv Anand said.
In the event of any unauthorised activity at the ATM location, an immediate hooter alert will instantaneously propel a two way communication between the officials at the security operation center and the alleged intruders, through mike, speakers and CCTV system, he said.
Simultaneously, he said, the system would also alert the local Police station and nearby on road Patrolling Officer about the incident.
This facility is currently available at 2,000 ATMs out of 13,000 and more would come under this in the future, he said.

Trade deficit narrows to $10.83bn in Aug; exports slowSep 15, 2014, 07.37 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
Trade deficit narrows to $10.83bn in Aug; exports slow
Trade deficit during the period (April-August) stood at USD 56.15 billion down from USD 70.6 billion during the same period last year.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Trade deficit narrows to $10.83bn in Aug; exports slow
Trade deficit during the period (April-August) stood at USD 56.15 billion down from USD 70.6 billion during the same period last year.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
The trade deficit narrowed to USD 10.84 billion in August versus USD 12.2 billion in July. Exports and imports rose marginally on an annual basis, but gold imports surged over 175 percent in August on a year-on-year basis. Gold imports in August stood at USD 2.04 billion against USD 738.7 million, in the same month a year ago. Silver imports, however, fell to USD 245.14 million versus USD 265.8 million on a year-on-year basis.
Overall imports grew only 2.08 percent to USD 37.79 billion. Exports in May and June had registered a growth of 12.4 percent and 10.22 percent, respectively. In July, export
growth further fell to 7.33 percent. In April-August period, exports rose 7.31 percent to USD 134.79 billion, says Ministry of Commerce and Industry's data.
On the other hand, in the first five months of this financial year, imports dipped by 2.69 percent to USD 190.94 billion during. Oil imports declined by 14.97 percent in August to USD 12.83 billion. However, non-oil imports in August increased by 13.82 percent to USD 24.95 billion.
Reacting to the data, Dr Samiran Chakraborty, Head of Research, Standard Chartered Bank said that export growth of 2.4 percent on a year-on-year basis at is a big disappointment and a cause of worry.
"There is some concern that European growth is slowing down due to Ukraine woes and there is worry that global growth could be impacted by geopolitical risks, that is probably driving the export growth numbers, there is not too much for domestic factor that could explain it," he told CNBC-TV18 in an interview.
Shubhada Rao, Chief Economist, Yes Bank added that India-China trade dynamics are getting reflected in this trade data. "If you look at China's exports, China's imports have been slowing and to that extent we were anticipating some slowdown from India's exports to China for that matter. Contrary also their exports were also slowing. So, the India-China trade dynamics actually are getting more reflected in today's numbers is what I would like to reiterate. From a run rate of about USD 26-27 billion we were anticipating it to go to USD 28 billion for the month, however it has come in about a billion less which is a little bit of a worry," she added.
Both Chakraborty and Rao feel that restrictions on gold imports are unlikely to be eased anytime soon.
For the complete interview watch the accompanying videos.
RELATED NEWS

A smartphone app that judges how moral you are in daily lifeSep 15, 2014 at 06:05pm IST
A smartphone app that judges how moral you are in daily life
5
0
London: Can a smartphone app judge how moral you are in daily life? Yes it can, say researchers.
In a bid to track moral judgements in everyday life, researchers used a smartphone app to track moral and immoral acts committed or witnessed by more than 1,200 people as they spent the day.
The findings showed that people were about three times as likely to report committing a moral act compared with an immoral one, but about 2.5 times as likely to report about someone else behaving badly than someone doing good deeds.
Researchers used a smartphone app to track moral and immoral acts committed or witnessed by more than 1,200 people as they spent the day. ( Morality , via Shutterstock)
#morality #research #apps
For the study, researchers looked into the lives of 1,252 US and Canadian adults recruited through Craigslist, Twitter and other sources, wired.com reported.
Wilhelm Hofmann, a social psychologist at the University of Cologne in Germany, and his colleagues sent participants text messages at random times and asked them to report any moral or immoral acts they had committed, been the target of, witnessed, or simply heard about within the previous hour.
Of 13,240 responses, 29 percent included a morally significant event.
"These were roughly evenly split between moral acts such as helping a lost tourist or giving a sandwich to a homeless person and acts deemed immoral such as petty theft or smoking in a car full of children," researchers noted.
Most of these acts - 64 per cent - occurred in public places. Another 23 per cent occurred at home.
The study also supports the idea that people with different political leanings emphasise different aspects of morality.
The study appeared in the journal Science.
0

Jammu & Kashmir flood: Charges of discrimination malicious and insidious  saysArmyStranded tourists from flood affected areas of Jammu & Kashmir being evacuated in Srinagar on Thursday. Source: PTI Photo
PTI | Udhampur | Posted: September 15, 2014 6:38 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 6:40 pm
Refuting charges as “malicious and insidious” that preference was being given to tourists and out of state residents in their rescue efforts, Army on Monday said it is committed to the task at hand and does not discriminate on the basis of caste, religion, creed or region.
“Northern Command categorically refutes these charges as malicious and insidious (that Army in their rescue efforts, has been giving preference to tourists and out of state residents)”, a senior Army officer said here.
Over the last few days, some individuals have been spreading the such rumours, he said.
In Jammu and Kashmir, the Army has launched spontaneous rescue operations as the first responders across the entire state, the officer said.
Rescue efforts were carried out without any regional distinction, in the highest traditions of the Indian Armed Forces, and the newspapers, social media and electronic media are providing ample evidence of the same, he added.
“Indian Army is committed to the task at hand and does not discriminate on the basis of caste, religion, creed or region”, the officer stressed.
In this humanitarian crisis, our boat patrols worked tirelessly through extremely difficult conditions, and the identity of the beleaguered members of the Awaam (people) was neither possible nor practical to ascertain during the rescue, he said.
These rescue efforts have now been joined by local volunteers, which is a welcome step, and were always launched in close concert with the civil administration and police, he said.
“Not a single specific case has been reported where persons were denied rescue or relief because of their ethnicity, region or social status,” he said.
“It is pertinent to mention that large parts of the state were addressed by our teams throughout this mammoth rescue and relief effort, including South Kashmir and Jammu region, wherein the population was primarily local residents.
The statistics speak for themselves.
“A difficult and challenging task lies ahead where everyone will require to work together to mitigate the effects of the natural disaster which struck the state”, the officer said.
Belittling the efforts of those who have sought to bring relief to the people will only distract from this important task at hand, he said.

Toyota looks to expand North EastoperationsToyota’s models such as the Etios entry-level sedan, Etios Liva and Etios Cross hatchback and the Fortuner SUV are popular in the North Eastern region.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 6:33 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 6:53 pm
Toyota has been doing well on the sales front in the North Eastern part of the country. The North East market accounts for 20 per cent of the Japanese car maker’s sales in the eastern part of India. And while in the rest of the nation Toyota’s sales have grown by an average of 3 per cent recently, the company’s sales in the North East has grown by 6 per cent. The Indian automobile market has achieved growth for the fourth consecutive month in August 2014 and things are looking better.
The Japanese car major is now looking to to setup an Area Office in Guwahati, in order to strengthen it’s presence in the region. Toyota has been managing it’s operations in the North East from it’s East Regional Office in Kolkata. Although, the company has separate exclusive sales, service and customer relation personnel in the region.
“The North East market is currently growing by 6 per cent in our representative segment against a national growth of 3 per cent. It is expected that in the second half of the year, the North East market will show much healthier growth,” N Raja, Toyota Senior Vice President and Director (Sales and Marketing) is reported to have said.
While Toyota sells around 150 cars on an average every month in the North East region, 110 units are sold in Assam.
Toyota currently has six dealerships in the North East, one each in Guwahati, Nagaon, Dibrugarh and Silchar in the state of Assam, one in Dimapur, Nagaland and the other in Shillong, Meghalaya.
Toyota’s models such as the Etios entry-level sedan, Etios Liva and Etios Cross hatchback and the Fortuner SUV are popular in the North Eastern region, while there has been rising demand for it’s premium models such as the Camry and Land Cruiser as well.
As of August 2014, Toyota holds a market share of 5.37 per cent in the Indian automobile market. The Innova MUV is Toyota’s highest selling model in the country with 5,028 units having been sold during August 2014, followed by Etios at 2,091 units and Etios Liva and Etios Cross hatchbacks at 1,946 units.
Powered by gaadi.com

Best interests of the dogBy Eugene Volokh September 15 Follow @volokhc
Generally speaking, family courts have been quite reluctant to consider “pet custody” arguments; they much prefer to treat pets as property, to be allocated as part of a property settlement (like a car or a house), than as akin to children, for whom a custody decision should be made. But Hamet v. Baker (Vt. Apr. 25, 2014) , from the Vermont Supreme Court, essentially endorses a “best interests of the dog” standard, much like the best interests of the child standard used in custody cases, albeit in the context of a property division. (The court also endorses consideration of whether the dog was one spouse’s property before the marriage — mentioned in a passage that I exclude from the excerpt — and the emotional connection between the dog and each spouse, but those seemed to be equally applicable, or equally inapplicable, in this case, as they would be in many cases.)
I wonder, though, whether the court’s decision was really based on any objective evaluation of the dog’s best interests (or how that could be determined, short of cases of outright abuse or neglect), as opposed to the judge’s personal view of how he feels a dog should be treated. Read it yourself, and see what you think:
The only issue in this contested divorce was which spouse should receive the family dog. Belle is an eleven-year-old German wirehaired pointer who is greatly loved by husband and wife. The parties have no minor children, and they were able to reach an agreement on the division of their property and other financial issues. They came to the final hearing for a ruling on which one of them would receive the dog in the divorce decree….
Prior to the hearing, … [t]he court stated that the primary factor for its decision would be which spouse was most active in caring for the dog during the marriage…. During the hearing, both parties testified to their strong emotional ties to the dog and to the care that each spouse provides. Husband is a veterinarian and takes the dog to work with him. Wife spends time walking the dog in the woods near her home and is very involved in daily care of the dog.
At the conclusion of the hearing, the court awarded the dog to husband. It found that either party would provide the dog with a good life. It gave a slight edge to husband because the dog is accustomed to the routine of going to the clinic every day. The court balanced that factor against the dog’s familiarity with the marital home, which the parties agreed wife would receive as part of the property settlement.
It found that husband “treats the dog like a dog,” while wife is more doting and treats the dog like a child. The court concluded that the dog would do better with husband’s balanced attitude towards the animal….
This Court has consistently ruled that pet animals are property. [See] Goodby v. Vetpharm, Inc., 974 A.2d 1269 (holding that no tort recovery allowed for emotional damages following loss of pet). But pets are different from other property. They are alive and form emotional attachments with their owners that run in both directions. Their long and intimate association with people gives rise to special concerns for their well-being and humane treatment. See, e.g., 13 V.S.A. §§ 351-400 (prohibiting cruelty to animals); 15 V.S.A. § 1103(c)(2)(G) (permitting court to include provisions concerning the possession, care and control of family pet in fashioning domestic relief-from-abuse order); 20 V.S.A. §§ 3901-3915 (regulating sale and euthanasia of animals). In most cases, they have little or no market value, but we spend generously to feed and care for them. As this case illustrates, they frequently become close companions and an important part of daily life for countless owners.
In considering pets as a special category of property, we have previously announced common law rules to govern issues of ownership. In the case of lost pets, for example, we have held that “the finder of a lost pet [who] makes a reasonable effort to locate its owner, and responsibly cares for the animal over a reasonably extensive period of time,” may acquire title which is superior to that of the original owner. The finder of a lost ring has no such rights….
The treatment of pets under the divorce statute presents a similar problem…. In contrast to a child, a pet is not subject to a custody award following a determination of its best interests. Because a pet is property, the family division must assign it to one party or the other. Like other aspects of the property division, the assignment is final and generally not subject to modification….
In the case of pets, we hold that the family division may consider … the welfare of the animal and the emotional connection between the animal and each spouse. These factors underlie our animal welfare laws and our case law, which recognizes the value of the bond between the animal and its owner. Evidence concerning welfare of the animal includes evidence about its daily routine, comfort, and care. Evidence concerning the emotional connection may include testimony about the role of the animal in the lives of the spouses….
Despite the family court’s statement prior to trial that it was primarily concerned about which spouse provided the most care for the animal, the testimony included a full account of the important role that the dog plays in the lives of both spouses…. Since the record was undisputed that both parties were extremely attached to the dog, it would have been difficult to determine which spouse had the stronger connection. While the family court could consider both welfare and emotional ties in awarding the dog to one of the parties, it had discretion to decide what weight to give to these factors.
The family court recognized how much the dog means to both parties. It is clear that her primary concern was the treatment of the dog. This was an appropriate factor upon which to base the decision. The court’s specific findings about Belle and her owners are supported by the evidence. The factors the court considered — the dog’s welfare and its emotional relationship with the parties — are the same factors that we recognize today as appropriate for the resolution of similar questions in the future. Accordingly, we affirm the court’s decision to assign ownership of the dog to husband….
[The trial court rightly concluded that it lacked] authority to impose an enforceable visitation order for the dog. An order of property division is final and not subject to modification. In contrast to enforcement of other kinds of property division orders, enforcement of an order requiring ongoing sharing of a family companion animal would require the power of modification, since the animal’s well-being in the context of changing circumstances could be a substantial factor in the analysis.
Unlike child custody matters, there is no legislative authority for the court to play a continuing role in the supervision of the parties with respect to the care and sharing of a companion animal. Divorce has few concrete advantages for the parties, but one of the greatest is that they are no longer compelled to be in contact over the care and use of their property or the way they spend their time. Accordingly, we agree with the court below that even if submitted by stipulation, an agreement to share custody of the family dog or other pet would be unenforceable in the family division. [Footnote: We express no opinion as to whether a private agreement to share time with a dog could be the subject of a civil lawsuit. The enforcement of such agreements falls outside of the jurisdiction of the family division over the distribution of marital property and is not presented in this case.]
UPDATE: Thanks to commenter cs0718 for pointing out that I originally misedited the second-to-last paragraph of the block quote, saying that the trial court concluded it had authority to impose a visitation order; as the remaining paragraphs show, the trial court actually concluded that it lacked such authority. Very sorry about the error, which I’ve corrected.
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Rupee sees biggest one-day fall in 1-1/2 monthsRupee sees biggest one-day fall in 1-1/2 months
Iraq wins pledge of military support against Islamic StatemilitantsFrench President Francois Hollande, left, leaves with Saudi Arabian Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal, after a family photo at the International conference intended to come up with an international strategy against Islamic State extremists, in Paris. Source: AP photo
Agence-France Presse | Paris | Posted: September 15, 2014 7:12 pm
The world’s top diplomats pledged today to support Iraq in its fight against Islamic State militants by “any means necessary”, including “appropriate military assistance”, as leaders stressed the urgency of the crisis.
Representatives from around 30 countries and international organisations, including the US, Russia and China, gathered in Paris as the brutal beheading over the weekend of a third Western hostage focussed participants’ minds.
The pledge came as US Secretary of State John Kerry stepped up efforts to forge a broad anti-jihadist coalition.
In a joint statement issued after the talks, diplomats vowed to support Baghdad “by any means necessary, including appropriate military assistance, in line with the needs expressed by the Iraqi authorities, in accordance with international law and without jeopardising civilian security.”
They stressed IS extremists were “a threat not only to Iraq but also to the entire international community” and underscored the “urgent need” to remove them from Iraq, where they control some 40 percent of its territory.
However, the final statement made no mention of Syria, where the extremists hold a quarter of the country and where the regime of Bashar al-Assad still had friends around the Paris conference table, including Russia.
Opening the conference, French President Francois Hollande emphasised there was “no time to lose” in the fight against the jihadists.
“The fight of the Iraqis against terrorism is our fight as well,” Hollande stressed, urging “clear, loyal and strong” global support for Baghdad.
Iraqi President Fuad Masum also stressed the urgency of the crisis, saying there was a risk the militants could overrun more countries in the region.
“We are still asking for regular aerial operations against terrorist sites. We have to pursue them wherever they are. We need to dry up their sources of finance,” added the Iraqi leader.
The international community is scrambling to contain the IS jihadists — who have rampaged across Iraq and Syria and could number as many as 31,500 fighters, according to the CIA.
As if to underscore the urgency of the campaign, France’s defence minister announced just hours ahead of the conference it was joining Britain in carrying out reconnaissance flights in support of the US air campaign against the jihadists.
Shortly afterwards, two French Rafale fighter jets took off from the Al-Dhafra base in the United Arab Emirates, an AFP correspondent reported.
The Paris conference was one of a series of diplomatic gatherings in the run-up to a United Nations General Assembly later this week.

India slams Pak for clean chit to 26/11 mastermind Hafiz Saeed  demands hisarrestPakistan High Commissioner to India Abdul Basit in new delhi on monday. ( Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma )
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 6:59 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 4:04 am
India on Monday described Jamaat-ud Dawa chief Hafiz Saeed as the “evil mastermind” behind the Mumbai terror attacks, hours after Pakistan High Commissioner Abdul Basit said that Saeed is “free to roam around” since Pakistan’s courts have acquitted him.
The Ministry of External Affairs’ official spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, “Our views on Hafiz Saeed are very clear. To us, he is the evil mastermind of the attacks on Mumbai and one of the accused in an Indian court for killings on streets of Mumbai. We have repeatedly asked Pakistan that he should be apprehended and taken through normal judicial process. Alas! He has never been arrested on account of 26/11. Therefore…. he is only free because he is a Pakistani citizen.”
The MEA spokesperson further said, “99 per cent evidence in this case is in Pakistan. That is because the entire conspiracy was hatched in Pakistan. The planning for this dastardly act was done in Pakistan. The financing for this act was undertaken in Pakistan and people involved in this were from Pakistan. Therefore, it has always been our view that it devolves on Pakistan that it ensures that criminals like Hafiz Saeed were brought to book and justice was delivered in the instance of crime in Mumbai.”
The remarks came after the Pakistan envoy said, “Hafiz Saeed is a Pakistani national so he is free to roam around. So what is the problem…he is a free citizen so there is no issue as far as Pakistan is concerned. Courts have already exonerated him. There is no case pending against him.”
India has consistently protested the slow pace of trial in Pakistan on the Mumbai terror attacks, in which 166 people were killed in 2008.

Limited Edition Vespa Elegante to be revealed for publicresponseVespa Elegangte, the new exclusive variant of the Vespa will be produced in limited numbers, keeping in view the enthusiasm in market during the upcoming festive season.
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 6:44 pm | Updated: September 15, 2014 6:52 pm
After launching the Vespa Esclusivo few weeks ago, Piaggio is going to satiate Vespa fans with another limited edition variant of its popular premium scooter. Termed as the ‘Vespa Elegangte’, the new exclusive variant of the Vespa will be produced in limited numbers, keeping in view the enthusiasm in market during the upcoming festive season. Before its scheduled launched somewhere during festive season, the new Vespa Elegante will be revealed for the general public for the first time at The Corinthians Club in Pune on September 16, to garner public response towards the product. The pricing of the scooter will be revealed only at the time of the launch.
The ‘Vespa Elegante’ will be basically another cosmetically enhanced variant of the regular Vespa VX, including some bling and equipment, and is specifically designed for the Indian market. The exclusive features which the Vespa Elegante will bear over the Vespa VX are beige finished split seats, rear chrome treated pillion grab rail, the ‘Elegante’ badgings on various parts of the scooter and an apron mounted front foldable carrier for luggage. Also, the scooter will be available in the exclusive paint scheme of Crete Sinesi, which is essentially a light brown paint scheme. Expect a price hike of Rs. 2,000 to 3,000 over the price of Vespa VX for the ‘Elegante’, considering the ‘ornaments’ it comes with.
Since the new scooter is based on the same platform of the Vespa VX, the powertrain and other mechanicals are expected to be the same. The Vespa Elegante will borrow the same 4-stroke, air-cooled 125cc engine from the Vespa VX, which pumps out 10 PS of power and 10.06 Nm of torque. The power will be channeled to the rear wheel through a CVT transmission. The scooter will bear the same unique suspension setup of front single sided trailing link and rear single sided coil spring, just like the other Vespas on sale in India. The brakes on duty will be a front disc and rear drum, complementing with the premium factor of the scooter.
This will be the fifth Vespa and the second limited edition variant to be offered by Piaggio in India. Piaggio currently sells the standard Vespa LX, Vespa VX and Vespa S, along with the limited edition Vespa Esclusivo, which is also a Vespa VX with few design changes. The Vespa range in India starts at Rs. 68,333 for the standard Vespa, going up to Rs. 72,368 for the Vespa VX, Rs. 74,075 for Vespa S and Rs. 73,387 for Vespa Esclusivo (all prices ex-showroom Mumbai).
Powered by gaadi.com

500 feared dead in Mediterranean shipwreck500 migrants feared dead in Malta shipwreck
Reuters
print
More than 700 people fleeing Africa and the West Asia may have drowned in the latest shipwrecks in the Mediterranean, bringing the death toll this year to almost 3,000, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said on Monday.
In the worst incident, as many as 500 migrants are believed to have died after traffickers rammed their ship off Malta's coast last week, an event that only came to light this weekend in testimony from two of the nine survivors.
The survivors said the traffickers ordered the migrants to change vessels in the middle of the Mediterranean. The migrants refused, leading to a confrontation that ended when traffickers rammed the ship carrying the migrants, IOM spokesperson Christiane Berthiaume told Reuters in Geneva.
"Some 500 people were on board - Syrians, Palestinians, Egyptians and Sudanese. They were trying to reach Europe," Berthiaume said.
"That means that 700 people perished at sea these last days in the Mediterranean, the deadliest incidents in the space of a few days," she said.
In this handout picture released by the Italian Navy migrants sit in a boat during a rescue operation off the coast of Sicily. (AFP photo/Marina Militare)
The vessel had set off on Saturday, September 6 from Damiette, Egypt, and sank off Malta's coast on September 10, she said. The UN refugee agency also learned of the shipwreck, but said its information was the wreck occurred on Friday.
"In all, nine people survived and were picked up boats," Berthiaume said. IOM officials interviewed two Palestinian survivors who were taken to Sicily, Italy, while other survivors were taken to Malta and to Crete, Greece, Berthiaume said.
Four days later, another ship packed with up to 250 African emigrants sank off the Libyan coast, and most of them are feared dead, a spokesperson for the Libyan navy said late on Sunday. Some 26 people survived.
The UN refugee agency UNHCR said the situation in the Mediterranean was unclear and it was trying to get confirmation of five shipwrecks in all. "At least 500 people have died or are missing in the last three days", UNHCR spokesperson Francis Markus said in an email.
In this handout picture released by the Italian Navy migrants sit in a boat during a rescue operation off the coast of Sicily. (AFP photo/Marina Militare)
"It was without any doubt the deadliest weekend ever in the Mediterranean," Carlotta Sami of the UNHCR said.
Some 130,000 people have arrived in Europe by sea so far this year, compared with 60,000 last year, according to the UNHCR. Italy has received more than 118,000, most of them rescued at sea under its naval operation Mare Nostrum.
UN high commissioner for refugees Antonio Guterres and UNHCR special envoy Angelina Jolie visited the naval rescue headquarters in Malta on Sunday, meeting survivors, the agency said in a statement issued on Monday.
"Amidst concerns about the sustainability of the Italian Mare Nostrum operation, they also called for increased efforts by European nations to contribute to rescue efforts and reduce deaths at sea," the UNHCR said.
Half of those arriving in Europe by boat are refugees from Syria and Eritrea, according to the agency.
Angelina Jolie, centre, who serves as Special Envoy for the United Nations High Commission for Refugees, listens to officers in the Maltese military discuss rescue at sea operations for refugees at a military base in Valetta, Malta. (AP Photo) 
"We all need to wake up to the scale of this crisis. There is a direct link between the conflicts in Syria and elsewhere and the rise in deaths at sea in the Mediterranean. We have to understand what drives people to take the fearful step of risking their children's lives on crowded, unsafe vessels; it is the overwhelming desire to find refuge," Jolie said.
"It is also part of a bigger problem - the soaring numbers of people displaced by conflicts around the world today, which now stands at over 51 million. Unless we address the root causes of these conflicts, the numbers of refugees dying or unable to find protection will continue to rise," she said.

SEBI issues clarifications on mutual fund exposure to bond futuresSep 15, 2014, 06.36 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Sebi issues clarity on position limits for MFs in IRF
Trading in IRF is cash settled and is based on the benchmark ten-year government bond, one of the most liquid debt paper instruments in the country.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Sebi issues clarity on position limits for MFs in IRF
Trading in IRF is cash settled and is based on the benchmark ten-year government bond, one of the most liquid debt paper instruments in the country.
Post your opinion here
 
Providing more clarity on mutual fund exposure in Interest Rate Futures (IRF), Sebi today said fund houses can have position limits as available to trading members of the stock exchanges.
Besides, schemes of mutual funds can also have position limits as applicable to the clients currently. Trading in IRF is cash settled and is based on the benchmark ten-year government bond, one of the most liquid debt paper instruments in the country.
Also read: MFs exposure to bank stocks hits record high of Rs 56.6K cr
The clarifications were given by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) in a circular today "in light of the queries received" by it on the issue. "Mutual Funds shall have position limits as applicable to trading members presently," Sebi said.
"Schemes of mutual funds shall have position limits as applicable to clients presently," it added. Presently, the gross open positions of the trading members across all contracts cannot exceed 10 percent of the total open interest or Rs 600 crore, whichever is higher. For clients, the gross open positions across all contracts cannot exceed 3 percent of the total open interest or Rs 200 crore, whichever is higher.
An IRF is a contract between a buyer and a seller for future delivery of an interest-bearing security such as government bonds. The product provides market participants with a better option to hedge against risks arising from fluctuations in interest rates.
Market participants like banks, FIIs, insurance companies, corporate houses and NBFCs can also trade in this product.
RELATED NEWS

Maharashtra: 9 independent legislators join NCP; party firm on 144 seats6
0
Mumbai: In a pre-election boost to the NCP, nine independent legislators, including a minister, on Monday joined the party which said it was firm on contesting 144 out of the total 288 Assembly seats in Maharashtra going to the polls next month.
Deputy Chief Minister Ajit Pawar said that the ball is now in the Congress' court. The new entrants included minister Dilip Sopal, who wasn't present during the induction, but announced his entry via mobile phone call to Ajit Pawar.
The other legislators who joined the Sharad Pawar-led NCP on Monday were Mansingh Naik-Shirala, Balasaheb Patil-Karad, Makrand Patil-Wai, Ramesh Thorat-Daund, Babasaheb Patil-Ahmedpur, Suresh Deshmukh-Wardha, Sharad Gavit-Navapur and Sahebrao Patil-Amalner.
The NCP also made it clear that it was firm on contesting 144 seats for the October 15 polls.
#maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #ncp #sharad pawar #ajit pawar
The NCP also made it clear that it was firm on contesting 144 seats for the October 15 polls. "The top leaders of Congress and NCP held talks on seat-sharing in Delhi. We are awaiting response. The ball is in their court," Ajit Pawar told reporters after inducting the nine independent legislators into NCP.
"We are firm on 144 seats," he said. Asked if there were plans to contest polls sans Congress, he said, "So far there are no such plans." When pointed out that Congress leaders were scrutinising candidates for other seats which are in NCP quota, Pawar said, "If that is the case, we also won't keep quiet.
Anyways, it is their (Congress) right to undertake such an exercise." "There is a trend seen in workers of all parties to go independent," he said, in response to a query. Senior NCP leaders feel that there should be no division of secular votes, Pawar said.
Meanwhile, the NCP on Monday also inducted ex-legislator Rajan Teli, a former aide of Congress state campaign chief Narayan Rane. NCP state president Sunil Tatkare evaded a direct response to queries on Teli's name allegedly figuring in a murder case.
1

Maharashtra Assembly polls: Bickering over seat share continues between Sena  BJPHisar: Rampal has skipped court hearings 42 times, after seeking repeated exemptions
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Politics won t hamper development works in West Bengal  says Nitin GadkariSep 15, 2014 at 06:07pm IST
Politics won't hamper development works in West Bengal, says Nitin Gadkari
10
0
Kolkata: Union Minister for Transport Nitin Gadkari on Monday said that politics will not hinder development works in West Bengal and pledged full assistance to complete ongoing projects in the state.
Gadkari, who promised to visit the city soon to meet the government leadership, said that he would work towards resolving hurdles in stalled development projects.
"I want to work for development of West Bengal... There will be no politics in development works. As a minister I will offer my full co-operation to build roads," Gadkari, who also holds additional charge of Rural Development, Panchayati Raj and Drinking Water and Sanitation, said while interacting with media through video-conferencing.
"I want to work for development of West Bengal... There will be no politics in development works. As a minister I will offer my full co-operation to build roads," Gadkari said.
#west bengal #nitin gadkari #tracking the modi government #mamata banerjee
Gadkari said that 32 Trinamool Congress' MPs had met him earlier where he had communicated the Centre's wish to help the state government. "I am glad that they (MPs) updated Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee. She had given me time (to meet her) but I could not come due to launch of an important project," the minister said.
During his visit to Kolkata, the union minister will take up issues like broadening NH-34, Sagar port and inland waterways. The minister also said he will try to activate "State Supportive Agreement" which is aimed at getting state's help in executing road projects.
3

J&K floods: Locals battle uncertainty  accuse government of ignoring their plightHisar: Rampal has skipped court hearings 42 times, after seeking repeated exemptions
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

Odisha: 46 patients fall ill after being administered injection3
0
Phulbani: At least 46 indoor patients including about 10 women at the District Headquarters Hospital suddenly fell ill after being administered a particular batch of an anti-biotic injection. Some of the patients complained of nausea, head reeling, vomiting, fever and loose motion after they were injected with the anti-biotic last night.
"Sefataxin Salbuetam 1.5 gm each was administered to patients," Dr. Jatin Patnaik Additional District Medical Officer (ADMO) said. Soon after the incident, the patients and their attendants became panicked and attacked health service staff including doctors and nurses working in the hospital which resulted an unpleasant situation there.
Immediately, the patients who suffered from the reaction, were administered with other injection like chrolofpheneramin, Paracetamol, Primocox as preventive. The condition of all patients were stable, the ADMO said.
"Sefataxin Salbuetam 1.5 gm each was administered to patients," Dr. Jatin Patnaik Additional District Medical Officer (ADMO) said.
#odisha #admo #sefataxin salbuetam #injection
Drug Inspector, Kandhamal district, rushed to the scene and has seized all the injection vials from the stock in the store and some syringes used last night. It was unexpected, accidental and perhaps due to the reaction of the injection, the ADMO opined.
2

Googles new phones are designed to ensure it doesnt lose India like it did ChinaThe Next Billion
September 15, 2014
China is the world’s biggest smartphone market. Google dominates that market, with nearly 85% of smartphones running a version of its Android operating system. Yet Google receives little benefit from its immense success there. Google Play, the company’s store for apps and more, does not work in China thanks to several diverse and ad hoc bans on Google’s services. And many device-makers either alter Android so much as to render it unrecognisable or delight in being able to break free of Google’s strict rules and offer their own app stores.
Everything but the factories
Google wants to ensure that doesn’t happen in India, where smartphone penetration is exploding . This morning, Google launched the first new phones in its Android One program. They come with a 4.5-inch display (just shy of the new iPhone 6), 4 gigabytes of internal storage, a 5-megapixel camera, replaceable batteries, an SD-card slot, two SIM slots, and FM radio. They cost $105.
The details of new devices such as this one suggest that Google has carefully studied what Indian consumers want. Large screens are popular across the developing world because poorer consumers want a device that can fulfil many functions ; phones that take two SIM cards are popular in emerging markets as consumers take advantage of differing rates of different networks; Indians typically avoid downloading or streaming content and instead load media onto removable SD cards ; the new devices allow users to download YouTube videos for later consumption; and so on. Google provides the specifications to local brands, which then make and distribute the devices.
Yet Google’s phones are not that different from the phones they will compete with, which include the Xiaomi Redmi (Rs 5,999/$98) HTC Desire 210 (Rs 6,525/$107), Moto E (Rs 6,999/$115), and Micromax Unite 2 A106 (Rs 6,750/$110). These have similar, if not better specifications, than Google’s devices.
Going where the growth is
So what is the point of this exercise? It boils down to two crucial areas for Google. First, Google wants to ensure that Indians do not shun the Google ecosystem in favor of home-grown app stores, like their counterparts in China. India does not ban Google services like China does, but this is still an issue because many Indian mobile internet users go to app and content stores set up by mobile operators rather than Google, according to Opera Mediaworks, a mobile ad platform.
One big reason for this is customers already have a billing relationship with their carriers. Large swathes of India lack access to formal banking, which means they are unable to pay for online content using credit cards. Mobile operators allow them to pay in cash. Several industry insiders have suggested that Google will eventually tie up with operators to bill Android users for purchases on the app store.

TMC supporters demonstrate against CBITMC supporters demonstrate against CBI
Weak Aug data: Economists dial down China growth forecastsWeak Aug data: Economists dial down China growth forecasts
Death toll at Nigeria church building collapse rises to45Rescue workers gather at the site of a collapsed building belonging to the Synagogue Church of All Nations in Lagos, Nigeria. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Lagos | Posted: September 15, 2014 7:27 pm
Rescue workers have pulled three more bodies from a collapsed guesthouse at a megachurch in Nigeria’s financial capital Lagos, raising the death toll to 45, emergency services said on Monday.
Ibrahim Farinloye, southwest coordinator for the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA), told AFP by text message that 45 bodies had now been removed from the rubble on the sprawling campus of the Synagogue Church of All Nations (SCOAN) in the Ikotun of Lagos.
About 130 others were injured when the building, which housed visiting followers of the church’s preacher and televangelist TB Joshua, came down on Friday.
TB Joshua, dubbed “The Prophet”, has an almost fanatical following among Nigerians and across the world, attracted by his purported healing powers and prophecies.
Joshua preaches to massive crowds at his megachurch in Ikotun every week and, according to his website, SCOAN “hosts thousands of national and international visitors” each year.
Joshua has suggested that a mysterious low-flying aircraft could be to blame for the collapse.
But rescuers said a more likely cause was that extra floors had been added to the facility without strengthening the foundations.
Building collapses are common in Nigeria because of the use of substandard material and flouting of construction regulations.
The state government has ordered an investigation but said it was too soon to draw conclusions.
“The governor (Babatunde Fashola) was at the scene yesterday (Sunday) with some officials to inspect the collapsed structure,” his spokesman Hakeem Bello told AFP.
“An investigation has commenced into the incident. As for whether there was sabotage, I think the investigation will unravel that,” he said.
State officials would determine whether Joshua’s organisation had been given approval for the addition of the extra floors.
“The government has asked for the building plan to determine if necessary regulations are complied with,” said Bello.

Gogoi sets up panel to rectify status of Assamese script inUnicodePrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 15, 2014 7:25 pm
More than three years after linguists and scholars have objected to clubbing Assamese as a modified version of the Bengali script, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Monday constituted an expert committee to study in detail the computational intricacies of the Assamese writing script in the Unicode standard and suggest corrective measures for the same.
The committee comprising of linguists, IT specialists, language technologists, domain specialists, IT experts from universities, and officials of the state IT and Cultural Affairs departments would go into the computational intricacies of the Unicode script and project certain uniqueness of the Assamese script which makes it very different and independent from the Bengali script or any other script.
The state government will submit a proposal to the Department of Electronics and Information Technology, government of India for an individual and separate status for the Assamese script. “As of now the Assamese script in Unicode has been shown as a modified version of the Bengali script,” an official press note said.
Linguists in Assam have pointed out that though the Assamese language is listed in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution, the Indian Standard Code for Uniformation Exchange has considered Assamese to be written in the Bengali script instead of recognizing as a separate script. Pointing this out Satyakam Phukan, a prominent linguist fighting for the cause said the same was being reflected in Unicode’s Universal Character Set (UCS).

Assets case: Jayalalithaa wants change in courts venue on verdict daycorruption & bribery
Citing security reasons, Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Jayalalithaa on Monday moved the Special Court in Bangalore seeking change in venue of the Court when she will have to personally appear before it on September 20 — the day on which verdict on disproportionate assets case against her would be pronounced.
Pointing out that it would be difficult for her to appear before the Special Court in its present location of City Civil and Sessions Court complex in view of Z+ security provided to her, she has sought shifting of court’s location to a “suitable” venue on the day of pronouncement of the verdict.
Judge John Michael Cunha has posted application filed by her in this regard for hearing on Tuesday.
The venue of the Court was temporarily shifted to Gandhi Bhavan near Bangalore Central Prison at Parappana Agrahara in 2011, when she had to appear personally to answer questions from the Court under Section 313 of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
The Bangalore city police in 2011 had informed that Court there were many hurdles to ensure Z+ security cover to the City Civil and Sessions Court complex, as Ms. Jayalalaithaa has been provided with the highest level of security due to threat perception.

Disunited Kingdom: Will Great Britain Exist on Fridaydisunited kingdom: will great britain exist on friday
U of I. nurses extend contract to continue contract talksU. of I. nurses extend contract to continue talks on new pact
University of Illinois Medical Center
U. of I. Medical Center
The University of Illinois Medical Center in downtown Chicago.
The University of Illinois Medical Center in downtown Chicago. (U. of I. Medical Center)
Hospitals and Clinics Unions Healthcare Providers
University of Illinois nurses extend contract -- a second time -- to Oct. 21.
Wages are among the sticking points for U. of I.'s 1,150 nurses, who are seeking 21.5% raise over 3 years
The University of Illinois Hospital and its unionized nurses have agreed to extend their labor contract for a second time in as many months because the two sides have been unable to come to terms on a new pact.
The hospital and the union agreed late last week to extend their current contract to Oct. 21 from Sept. 23, a nurses union spokesman said.
The nurses, members of the Illinois Nurses Association, voted in late August by a wide margin to authorize a strike if their union and the West Side academic medical center cannot reach an agreement on a new contract.
cComments
It's understandable that the union would agree to extending the talks, in part because the agreement that they eventually come to will contain some retroactive provisions. Then there's this. Right now it would appear that, even though the nurses are apparently pretty well-compensated,...
ROBERT FOYS

Android One to cater 1 bn Indian users: Google s PichaiAndroid One to cater 1 bn Indian users: Google s Pichai
Lot needs to be done on roads in northeast: MinisterLot needs to be done on roads in northeast: Minister
Cognizant eyes leadership in healthcare via TriZetto buyCognizant eyes leadership in healthcare via TriZetto buy
European Commission waits for Russia to suggest new gas talks dateEuropean Commission waits for Russia to suggest new gas talks date
Mastek s demerging entities plan to grow inorganicallyMastek's demerging entities to acquire companies in UK, US
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 16, 2014 12:22 AM IST
Small-cap IT player Mastek on Monday announced the demerger of its insurance products and services business into a new company called Majesco.  Under the demerger scheme, Mastek shareholders will get one equity share of Majesco for every equity share held in Mastek, the company said at a press conference here on Monday.  The new entity, Majesco, is proposed to be listed on the BSE and the National Stock Exchange.  
“There will be a separate board for the two companies and the two entities will be sister-concern companies. In Majesco, it will make sense to have a more insurance-specialist board, which can help the business,” said Ketan Mehta, CEO of Mastek (North America). “So those who come with insurance background at Mastek will come to Majesco. After the High Court order, all this will fall in place,” he added.
The demerger scheme will be subject to the approval of the high courts of Bombay and Gujarat; the appointed date for the demerger is April 1, 2014, while that for the offshore insurance transfer is November 1.  The Mastek board-approved separation of insurance products and solutions businesses already have strong roadmaps in place.
Majesco, which will look into the insurance and products business, and Mastek, which will focus on the solutions business, are planning to grow by acquiring companies, mainly in the UK.
“With this demerger, there will be a very focused approach towards acquisitions. It is hard to put a timeline as of now, but we are currently looking at the US and the UK for an acquisition,” said Mehta.
He will be heading Majesco once the demerger takes shape in the next financial year, following various statutory approvals.  
Sudhakar Ram, the company’s managing director and group CEO, who will eventually head Mastek’s solutions business, said: “We also looking at inorganic growth to get back to the size we were of, and we are planning an acquisition mainly in the UK. However, nothing is imminent as of now,” he said.
As on March 31, Mastek’s cash on books was Rs 170 crore, of which Rs 40 crore would be given to the solution entity, with the balance going towards the insurance business.
“When looking for acquisition, we (Majesco) are looking for a couple of things. One is, we should get additional capabilities and intellectual property to complete our portfolio, obviously additional customers but more importantly, additional talent is something we will look for as we are only in the insurance segment and so, domain knowledge becomes very critical for us,” said Mehta.
In terms of hiring, the Majesco entity will have a slightly different strategy from Mastek.
“Because skills needed in Majesco will largely be insurance-driven and product development experience, the general purpose hiring may not happen there (at Majesco),” said Ram.  
“As far as hiring in Mastek (solutions business) is concerned, one does not hire ahead of the curve; so we will hire depending on the business,” he said.
As on March 31, Mastek’s consolidated revenue stood at Rs 923 crore with the insurance business contributing Rs 507 crore and solutions churning Rs 416 crore.
“We (Mastek solutions business) will have a $70-75 million (Rs 420-450 crore) business, so how we cross the $100-million (Rs 600-crore) mark will be the first milestone upon demerger. Due to this, for revenues we are targeting other government orders, BFSI (banking, financial services, and insurance), healthcare and retail verticals for solutions.
At Mastek’s solutions business, of the total revenues, 95 per cent will come from the UK business with 60-65 per cent coming from the UK government.  
Although solutions is a higher margin business compared to insurance where fixed costs are huge, Ram said company size may become a challenge going ahead. “One of the challenges we (solutions business) may face is that we are not a large company, though we are specialised and niche. So from a customer’s and employee’s perspective, the size could be a challenge. However, the reputation and track record we have should help us overcome this hurdle. Being small, we are also agile so that is also one way which can help us penetrate markets deeper,” he said.  
At Majesco, since the demerger will integrate the entire global insurance business under one umbrella, the new entity plans to focus on opportunities in the UK, Asia-Pacific region and the US.
“Currently, for Mastek’s insurance business, less than 15 percent revenue comes from outside the US. However, the company’s competitor has more than 40 per cent revenue coming from outside of US. It means, Majesco has opportunities to grow,” said Mehta.
Majesco also plans to have an enhanced sales team for this purpose. It will also invest in its intellectual property, if need be.
“Talking about it on a more thematic basis than company-specific, such a move fine tunes a company’s focus rather than have a broad brush approach,” said Sanjoy Sen, senior director at Deloitte. “Such a demerger can help the new entities hire specific talents or leaderships that can help the entity bring in more focus to the business,” he added.

Tata Motors global sales down 10% in AugustTata Motors global sales down 10% in August
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 15, 2014 06:54 PM IST
Tata Motors today reported an 9.7% decline in global sales to 73,524 units in August.
The company had sold 81,457 units in the same month last year.
In the passenger vehicles category, the global sales last month were at 42,988 units, as against 43,474 units in August 2013, down 1.11%, Tata Motors said in a statement.
Sales of luxury brand Jaguar Land Rover rose 2.44% to 31,650 units in August, compared to 30,895 units in the same month last year.
Sales of commercial vehicles declined 19.6% in August to 30,536 units from 37,983 units a year ago.

L&T Construction bags Rs 2 050-crore contractsL&T Construction bags Rs 2,050-crore contracts
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 15, 2014 06:54 PM IST
L&T Construction today said it has bagged orders worth Rs 2,050 crore across various business segments in August and September.
Its power transmission and distribution segment bagged orders worth Rs 1,213 crore in domestic and international markets, the company said in a statement issued here.
Larsen & Toubro Saudi Arabia, L&T's fully-owned subsidiary has secured a major international order from the National Grid (a subsidiary of Saudi Electricity Company) for the construction of an extra high voltage double circuit transmission line with a route length of 192 kilometres.
"L&T's scope in this turnkey order involves design, engineering, testing and supply of Extra High Voltage (EHV) transmission towers, conductors, insulators, other transmission accessories, testing and commissioning of the line for a project scheduled to be completed in 24 months," the statement said.
It bagged a turnkey project from the Tamil Nadu Transmission Corporation for establishing 400/230kV air- insulated switchgear and gas-insulated switchgear substations at Karamadai near Coimbatore, Poiyur near Trichy and at Chennai Central.
It has also secured an order from West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company Ltd for the supply, erection, testing and commissioning of 33/11 kV medium voltage substations as part of the power distribution network to enhance electricity infrastructure under the Restructured Accelerated Power Development & Reforms Programme (RAPDRP) in major towns of West Bengal.
The company's buildings and factories business has bagged orders worth Rs 775 crore which consist of two new orders and a few additional orders from on-going jobs.
"The first order is from a private developer for the construction of a resort in the western part of the country and it includes construction of standard resort villas. L&T's scope involves civil, structural, interior finishes, electrical, plumbing and all other allied works," it said.
The company has bagged another order from one of India's leading automatic teller machine (ATM) manufacturers for the construction of their manufacturing and assembly facilities at Jaipur. The project will entail civil, structural, finishes and other associated works.
Further, L&T Construction has secured additional orders from various ongoing projects in the heavy civil infrastructure business as well as the water and renewable energy business, it said.

Development Banks Pledge to Step Up Climate Actiondevelopment banks pledge to step up climate action
Industrial production growth slows to 4-month loweconomic indicator
Slowing for the second consecutive month, industrial output grew barely 0.5 per cent in July against 3.4 per cent in June. Factory output had grown 2.6 per cent in July 2013. Weaker manufacturing growth and sliding consumer durables contributed to the sluggishness.
Consumer goods output contracted -7.4 per cent in July as against -0.7 per cent contraction a year ago. Consumer durables slid -20.9 per cent. The industry had declined -9.6 per cent a year ago. Consumer non-durables grew at 2.9 per cent in July, slower than the 7.4 per cent rise a year ago.
Capital goods production was down -3.8 per cent in July in sharp contrast to a growth of 15.9 per cent a year ago. However, the cumulative growth for April-July is 8.5 per cent against 1.4 per cent in the year-ago period.
Cumulative growth
Cumulative industrial growth during April-July remains higher at 3.3 per cent against a contraction of -1 per cent in April-July 2013. The manufacturing sector contracted by -1 per cent as against a growth of 2.3 per cent during the same period in 2013, according to official data released on the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) here on Friday.
The noticeable contraction in the growth of capital goods output has raised concerns over the hope that was being expressed on a revival in the investments cycle.The sectors registering positive growth include mining output of which rose 3.3 per cent during April-July as against a contraction of -0.1 per cent in the same period last year. Growth in manufacturing also remained positive at 2.3 per cent compared with a decline of -0.1 per cent due to the low base effect. Electricity generation boosted the growth rate, rising 11.4 per cent against 3.9 per cent last year.
In all, 15 industries recorded positive cumulative growth with the highest growth industry being electrical machinery & apparatus that grew 33.3 per cent.
“The muted performance of the industrial sector…on the back of the negative growth of the manufacturing sector indicates that a full-fledged industrial recovery could still be some distance away,” CII Director-General Chandrajit Banerjee said in a statement.
FICCI President Sidharth Birla said: “While we were hoping that slowdown in manufacturing had bottomed out, it appears from July numbers that manufacturing may not out be out of the woods.
“It is worrying that deceleration in July is somewhat broad based extending to consumer durables and capital goods.”

Cyber security: first mover disadvantage© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/803ea71e-3948-11e4-9cce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Hallucinogen in magic mushrooms might have helped smokers quitBy Abby Phillip September 12 Follow @abbydphillip
(Christoph Schmidt/EPA)
Most long-time, pack-a-day smokers who took part in a small study were able to quit smoking after six months, and researchers believe the hallucinogenic substance found in "magic mushrooms" could be the reason why.
The study of the 15 participants, published this week in the Journal of Psychopharmacology , is the first to look at the feasibility of using the psychedelic drug psilocybin to aid in a smoking cessation treatment program.
Existing treatments, from quitting cold turkey to prescription medications like Varenicline (Chantix), work for some people, but not the majority of smokers. With Varenicline, which mimics the effect of nicotine in the body, only about 35 percent of participants in a clinical trial were still abstaining  from smoking six months later.
Nearly half of all adult smokers reported that they tried to quit in 2010 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, yet 480,000 deaths are attributed to the addiction every year.
Researchers at Johns Hopkins University recruited a group of long-time, heavy smokers — an average of 19 cigarettes a day for an average of 31 years — to participate in the study.
They were treated with cognitive behavioral therapy for 15 weeks, and they were given a dose of the hallucinogen psilocybin at the five-week mark, when they had agreed to stop smoking.
Although it was a small study, the results were promising. Twelve of the participants had quit smoking six months after being treated with the drug.
The findings, though not conclusive, suggests that further research should be pursued to find out whether the results can be replicated on a larger scale, and perhaps more importantly, what happens in the brains of addicts when they are treated with the drug.
For now, however, little is known about how the psychological experience affected their ability to give up cigarettes.
But researchers do know that while the drug is active in their systems, it is a disconcerting and sometimes deeply uncomfortable experience.
For five or six hours, the drug causes feelings of anxiety, of being near death, and intense hallucinations. While on the drug, the subjects might feel like they’re losing their minds, or like they're spiraling out of control. Feelings of panic and fear are also common.
Otherwise, the drug is considered to be, relatively speaking, medically safe, said Matthew W. Johnson , an associate professor of psychiatry and behavioral sciences at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, and the study’s lead author.
"The drug is actually very safe at the physiological level," Johnson said in an interview.
Through it all, they were aided by clinical volunteers who helped manage the anxiety and a medical doctor was on hand to handle any health problems that might have arisen.
The participants were given the drug in a “living room-like” environment, and were instructed to lie on a couch with eye shades while soothing music played. Eventually, the drug would wear off, and more traditional therapy continued for several more weeks. Two other stronger doses of the drug were administered during that time.
According to Johnson, participants came away from the "trip" feeling profoundly changed. They can feel more capable of accomplishing things, more open to different viewpoints than the ones they previously held, and some even reported fewer feelings of nicotine withdrawal (though most reported cravings of some kind).
"That kind of personality openness is consistent with addiction recovery,” Johnson said. “They have these 'aha' moments where they believe 'wow, I can do this.' "
There are causes for concern, however. The use of hallucinogenic drugs like psilocybin and its related drug LSD in treating addiction has been hampered for decades by concerns over safety , efficacy and medical ethics.
Psilocybin, in particular, is not addictive , but it is abused. The disorienting experience  can send people who take it into a state of panic and it can exacerbate psychological conditions like schizophrenia .
In this study, the drug raised participants' blood pressure and heart rates. And two participants declined to participate in a third session with the drug, according to Johnson, saying  they felt that they had already experienced whatever benefits they could get from it.
The use of magic mushrooms as a form of addiction treatment for smoking is a long way off, and indeed might never be used as a widespread treatment.
But for the participants of this study, all of whom had previously attempted to quit smoking multiple times, it was part of a comprehensive intervention that worked in most cases.
Some had tried to quit in the past for days, months or a year at a time, but they inevitably resumed their habit.
It is still unknown whether this successful result will hold, but Johnson and his team are poised to begin a randomized controlled trial that could produce more concrete conclusions.
Still, Johnson believes that the mind-altering properties of psilocybin played a substantial role in helping the study’s participants re-evaluate their potential, their lives and their choices. And those benefits, he said, could be applied to other addiction as well.
“This is really targeting, I believe, addiction,” Johnson said. “It’s exciting that this seems to be a novel model of effecting and understanding human behavioral change, beyond the particular behavior in question.”
Abby Phillip is a general assignment national reporter for the Washington Post. She can be reached at abby.phillip@washpost.com . On Twitter: @abbydphillip

What Can a Nonprofit Chair Do to Fix a Dysfunctional Boardreddit
There are times when the governing body of any organization may appear to be "broken." The directors, whether for profit or nonprofit, may be polarized -- progress is stunted -- apathy and confusion replace purpose and efficiency.
A listing of ways to resuscitate dysfunctional business firms http://bit.ly/1w4Tutv prompted me to expand on actions for nonprofits in similar condition.  When a nonprofit is in trouble, any chair, who is aware of his/ her leadership responsibilities, should aspire to be the "fixer "of the fractured board. But there is just so much he/s can do. Some failures have deep endemic roots such as outdated structure, personality conflicts etc. The following actions are within the chair's capability, and they can be useful in repairing board disruption.
Board Meetings By Design:
• Start with a plan. The chair and CEO should meet to map out the agenda using a 60-90 minute parameter to examine and discuss imminent issues.
• Send meeting agendas to the directors at least a week before the scheduled meeting. Keep the notices reader friendly: operational details should be minimal--avoid boilerplate lists. A consent agenda can be used for some motions, as can e-mail votes on routine items, when legally acceptable.
• Promote attendance. The chair should make certain that all electronic venues (e.g. board room speaker receivers) are available for directors who are unable to attend.
• Staff personnel are frequently asked to make presentations at board meetings regarding their activities. Don't let these get out of hand--give them advance notice of their time limit. Ask the CEO to do a detailed preview with the presenter.
• Make certain that policy and strategic matters are handled with thought and dispatch. In the event that the board chair is on overload with work or family issues, appoint a Lead Director to assist. http://bit.ly/OvF4ri
The Chair Mentors and Monitors Directors:
• The board chair must be continually attuned to his/her directors, both as individuals and as a team working collaboratively for the same goals. He/she should definitively have a presence in the board recruiting process. Given the frequent rotation of directors, the board chair is best equipped to know where the prospective gaps will be and what field of candidates should be approached. Ensure that at least a few of the nominees is knowledgeable in the field in which the mission has been established.
• An orientation for new directors should provide the context necessary for new members to begin their term of participation. It should have a time-compressed format that includes enough time for discussion and involvement.
• Directors need to know what will be expected of them during their service on the board. These responsibilities should be clearly documented and issued at the orientation. When a director fails to attend meetings regularly, the chair usually has to initiate the action to notify the errant director. Sometimes a board member may refuse to resign. There is little the board can do without creating internal conflict, arising from a division of directors who will support or veto such an action.
• With full agendas at monthly meetings, and committee meetings involving only one or two others, the board chair and CEO need to bring directors together in gatherings or social events at which they can interact informally.
• Ensure that there is a rigorous evaluation of the CEO and the organization. Nonprofit directors often look to the board chair to set the right tone in these deliberations. With a light or incomplete evaluation, directors may leave themselves open to personal liabilities or reputational losses. It is not unusual for a CEO to be rated as good or outstanding and subsequently be terminated when newly elected directors bring higher standards to the process.
And finally--while it is said that the road to dysfunction can be "a slippery slope," it is usually well marked with signposts of warning! The board chair must lead with the above disciplined practices to help get the nonprofit back on track.
Follow Eugene Fram on Twitter: www.twitter.com/@eugenefram
More:
Strategic Planning Nonprofit Board Meetings Board Chairs Nonprofits
This Blogger's Books and Other Items from...

Over Rs. 5 000 cr. loss to J&K due to floods: Assochamflood
Initial estimated loss to hotels, trade, agriculture — horticulture, roads and bridges in Jammu and Kashmir regions is Rs. 2,630 crore
Devastating floods in Jammu and Kashmir have caused an immediate loss of Rs. 5,400-5,700 crore to the state’s economy, with heavy damages to trade, hotels, restaurants, horticulture and handicraft, according to initial estimates of industry body Assocham.
Jammu & Kashmir has been hit by the worst floods in over a century, throwing basic infrastructure like power, railways and communication in the state completely out of gear.
The initial estimated loss to hotels, trade, agriculture — horticulture, roads and bridges in the Jammu and Kashmir regions itself is Rs. 2,630 crore. Besides, high-cost infrastructure like Railways, power and communication in the hilly terrains would have suffered a loss of about Rs. 2,700-3,000 crore, the industry body said.
“These are only initial estimates of the loss. The real loss to the Jammu and Kashmir economy will be much higher since the impact of such calamities is long-drawn and it takes long time before the physical infrastructure is restored. The biggest worry is the shattering of confidence among the tourists and it will take long time and effort to win back the tourists to the state,” said Assocham Secretary General D.S. Rawat.
Mr. Rawat cited the example of Uttarakhand which also witnessed unprecedented floods last year, saying it was yet to recover from the shocks.
“J&K’s economy stood at Rs. 45,399 crore in 2013-14. The sectoral composition of state GDP indicates that agri & allied activities account for 20 per cent in the state GDP, industry and mining contribute to about 23.5 per cent and the services sector made up the remaining 56.5 per cent. Trade, hotels and restaurant services registered a turnover of close to Rs. 3,800 crore during 2013-2014. The tourism industry sources of J&K state roughly distribute the tourists among Jammu, Kashmir and Ladakh region in the ratio of 40:40:20,” according to Assocham.
“The September-November season tourist inflow both from India and abroad is severely affected as is being witnessed by large scale cancellations. While cancellations for airlines, hotels are 100 per cent upto October 15, those who had booked for winters are watching the situation,” feedback from the industry chamber’s travel constituents indicated.

Isis killing will fortify UK resolve  says PMCameron says Briton’s beheading will strengthen UK resolve against Isis
By Jim Pickard, Erika Solomon and Borzou Daragahi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8233e156-3c09-11e4-a6ce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Head of Investment CommunicationsBlue-Chip Financial Business
About the Role:
This is a newly created position with the remit of overseeing the outbound communications around Investment products and services through the primary distribution partner.
Accountabilities:
Defining a clear narrative around investment philosophy, process and operating model and embedding into client communications
Working with the central Brand and Marketing functions to ensure consistency of messaging across all communications and campaigns
Developing and communicating internally a clear communications agenda and rolling delivery plan
Support Front Office (Relationship Managers/Wealth Advisors) with investment insight, training, market overviews, technical analysis
Delivering Client seminars as required.
Deliver Investment specialist communications support to HNW client Relationship Managers to win new business and aid client retention
Ensure 100% regulatory compliance of all client materials and presentations
Manage production of professional pitch packs, KFD, fund fact sheets, illustrations etc.
What we're looking for:
Highly experienced marketing and communications specialist
Must be CISI of CFA Qualified
Significant investment related experience gained within an asset management environment – credible investment communicator
Excellent inter-personal, influencing and communication skills
Credible at Divisional and Business Unit Board level
Strategically minded but translates strategy into actionable plans
Leadership and management of small teams of professionals
About the offer:
Up to £100,000 + Benefits
PSD Group - Marketing and Sales
Established over twenty years ago, PSD Marketing and Sales is a well established and highly respected leader in executive recruitment.  Our reputation has been built upon our ability to deliver outstanding results and exceptional level of services.
Options

Is Your Business Taking Over Your Lifereddit
I just arrived back from a weekend trip to Munich, for fun. Yes, that's right, a weekend trip -- well, a long weekend: four days, 15 hours flying each way and about 48 hours there.  Sounds crazy?  Yes, it was, a bit -- and that's exactly why I did it. I decided that if I did something this illogical, that I would have some major breakthroughs.
You see, I needed to break out of a rut.  You may be familiar with this one yourself.  You know the one where you get swept up in work and find yourself consistently turning in 70-80 hour weeks.  Even though I own my business and control my time, I had gotten myself into one of those.
It's not that hard to do when you are passionate about the work you are doing. That is definitely my situation because I am excited about the message I have to share and the people I am working with.  I am living my dream -- at least business-wise.  I am making a difference that is important to me: inspiring, teaching, and coaching others to create successful businesses based on making their unique mark in the world and fulfilling a greater purpose.  I love what I do.
I hope you are reading this column because you are on a path that you love, as well -- or because you'd like to be.
If you are on such a path, it's easy to get one thing backwards.  I often have to call myself on this one.  It's so easy to allow your business to overtake your life.  It's so easy to let your drive for success and your passion for what you are doing lead to 70-80 hour work weeks with no days off.  It's so easy to put your life on the back burner or to keep telling yourself, "After I get through this next project or reach this next goal, then I'll take some time for..."  I'll let you fill in the blank.
What are YOU putting on hold?
What I realized while on this weekend journey to Munich is I had put my life on hold nine years ago when I came home to take care of my father who had Parkinson's disease. Over the six years that ended in his death, my life remained on hold. After he died, I grieved deeply, as we were so close. Then, even after the waves of grief subsided, my life remained on hold as I put all my energy into my work.
It took a trip to Munich and a scrambling of my mind due to the back and forth time change to see things differently.  In that moment of looking into the "gap," I realized that my 70-80 hour work weeks left me very little personal life.  It was one of those big "AHA" moments.  Right then and there I decided to take my life off of hold and "build my work around my life" instead of "my life around my work."
Part of being on a conscious path in your business is making sure that you are on a conscious path with your life, your whole life.  It's about designing the life you desire, including how you care for your health, your relationships, and all the elements of the lifestyle that is part of your dream.  Yes, business is important.  And, a conscious approach to business gives you so much more in terms of meaning, purpose, positive contribution, and satisfaction -- as well as financial rewards.
However, when you are running your own business and it is all of these things, it is even easier to allow it to take over and leave you little time for all the other things that truly matter to you.  Soon, your workouts have fallen by the wayside, your diet is all about fast food, you keep rescheduling that date night, your last vacation is a distant memory, you've missed another school play, and you wonder in what universe eight hours of sleep is possible.  Soon this starts to affect your productivity and effectiveness as well.
It's at that point that you might need a crazy trip to Munich to snap you out of it.  Better yet, if you can catch yourself before you reach that point, you can take some preventive measures.  Don't be fooled by the fact that all your peers are doing the same insane hours.
Don't be fooled by thinking that there's just too much you have to do.  If your business has taken over your life, it's time for a turnaround.  You don't want to look back on your life and feel like you missed it.
So, what is the antidote?
The antidote is to consciously envision the life you desire and build your business around your life, rather than trying to fit your life around your business.
Here are some questions you might ask yourself:
What would an ideal day in my life look like?  Where would this day take place?  What environments would I want to enjoy?  What activities would I be sure to include?  Who would I be with?  How would I take care of myself, my health, and those close to me?  What would I eat?  What gifts would I give?
What contribution would I make to others?  How many hours would I want to work to make this contribution?  What organizations would I be involved with?  What would I do for fun?  What part does spirituality play in my life?
Choose what applies to you...
You might want to write, draw, or record your answers.  Sometimes getting words or images out in front of you leads to powerful new insights and connections.  Then, imagine yourself actually living the day you are describing including the physical sensations, the sights, sounds, smells, tastes, and textures so you really feel it--and it feels good.
Tweak it just the way you'd like it, without questioning if it's possible.  Just imagine how you'd like things to be.  Everything starts with a vision in someone's mind.  Why not the vision in your mind?
Personally, I've decided that if something in my work and my life is not bringing me inner peace, deep joy, and more vibrant energy, then it's going by the wayside.  My ideal life includes a 35-hour work week. That means some changes at the office--and a lot more possibilities in my personal life.
What would it mean if you took your life off hold?  What changes might that mean for your business?
J V Crum III is the founder of ConsciousMillionaire.com; as a business coach, speaker, and podcaster, he is sought after for his unique ability to help entrepreneurs and executives integrate their strengths and passions into a well-defined strategy for creating big profits and making a big difference in the world. Listen to the Conscious Millionaire Podcast, M-F. J V holds an MBA, JD and a MS in Psychology; his best-selling book, "Conscious Millionaire: Grow Your Business by Making a Difference" is available now: http://www.amazon.com/Conscious-Millionaire-Business-Making-Difference/dp/0976719223/ref=tmm_pap_title_0
Follow J V Crum III on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jvcrum
Follow J V Crum III on Twitter: www.twitter.com/jvcrum
More:
What Is Working: Small Businesses
FOLLOW HUFFPOST

Saradha scam: 14 firms to face prosecutioninvestigation
Prosecution would also be initiated by the state governments for violations of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Scheme (Banning) Act
The Serious Fraud Investigation Office (SFIO) probe into 14 companies of the Saradha Group has found alleged violations of various Indian Penal Code sections. The findings would be shared with the Central Bureau of Investigation.
“The SFIO has found evidence of violation of several provisions of the Indian Penal Code such as Sections 07 (Abetment of Crime), 120B (Criminal Conspiracy), 403 (Dishonest misappropriation of property), 406 (Criminal breach of trust), 409 (Criminal breach of trust by public servant), 415 (Cheating), 418 (Cheating with knowledge that wrongful loss will be caused), 419 (Punishment for cheating by personation), and 477A (Falsification of accounts),” said an official.
According to the government, the investigation concluded that the investment schemes run by such companies were “Ponzi schemes”, working under an arrangement where the primary source of payment to subscribers was the collections made from newly enrolled members, rather than from the income generated from investments.
The companies, their promoters, directors and managerial personnel have allegedly been found guilty on many counts for violation of various provisions of the Companies Act dealing with illegal collection of deposits and false statements.
“Companies of the group which were declared by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) to be carrying out unauthorised ‘Collective Investment Schemes’ will be prosecuted for violation of the SEBI Act, instead of Section 58A of the Companies Act, 1956, as the former carries longer terms of imprisonment,” said the official.
The SFIO has also found several instances of violation of the Prize Chits and Money Circulation Schemes (Banning) Act. “As prosecution under this law is to be initiated by the State Governments concerned, the report along with the evidence is being shared with the CBI. The report is also being shared with the SEBI for proceedings against the companies which were found to be running unauthorised/ illegal Collective Investment Schemes,” the official said.

Sweden set for political uncertaintySweden’s Social Democrats look to lead government
By Richard Milne in Stockholm
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c4f69bec-3c2b-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

China s Xi touts  maritime silk road  on South Asia tourChinese President Xi Jinping, right, walks with Maldives President Yaamin Abdul Gayoom upon his arrival at the airport in Hulhule' Island. (Source: AP)
Agence-France Presse | Male | Posted: September 15, 2014 3:10 pm
China’s President Xi Jinping said he hoped the Maldives would help build a “21st century maritime silk road” as he began a South Asian tour in the strategically located Indian Ocean island chain on Monday.
Xi said he was eager to boost relations with the Maldives, which is best known for its tourist industry but also straddles major international shipping routes.
“Maldives was an important stop of the ancient maritime silk road,” Xi wrote in an article published in the local Sun Online news portal late Sunday.
“China welcomes Maldives to get actively involved in building the 21st century maritime silk road by leveraging its own strength.”
The “maritime silk road” — touted by Xi during a visit to Indonesia last year — is intended to revive a trade route running from China through Southeast Asia and the Indian Ocean to Europe.
Xi will also visit close ally Sri Lanka as well as India this week on a tour set to focus on China’s growing economic influence in the region.
He is due to hold talks with Maldives President AbdullaYameen after an official welcome ceremony at the Republic Square in the capital island of Male on Sunday.
It is the first visit by a leader from Beijing since the former British protectorate gained independence in 1965, but will be the second meeting between the two leaders in a matter of weeks, following their talks last month in the Chinese city of Nanjing.
“The focus will be on building what they discussed last month,” a source close to Yameen’s government told AFP. “The thrust of the talks will be on trade and aid rather than security.”
The source said the Maldives was keen to avoid upsetting India by bringing up sensitive security issues as New Delhi considers the islands to be within its sphere of influence.
Yameen is keen on securing China’s funding for an ambitious project to build a road bridge between central Male island and nearby Hululle island, where the international airport is located.
China welcomes Maldives to get actively involved in building the 21st century maritime silk road by leveraging its own strength.

Queen urges Scots to think carefullyMain parties to blame for Ukip agonies
Buckingham Palace refused to elaborate, insisting the Queen was constitutionally impartial and above politics, but the No campaign privately welcomed the comment. Usually the Queen does not speak to well-wishers when going to and leaving the Sunday service.
David Beckham, former England football captain, lent his voice to the Better Together campaign, publishing an open letter in which he urged Scots to maintain the union that is “the envy of the entire world”. He used the 2012 Olympics, for which he was part of the team that secured London’s bid, as an example of Britain’s success.
“We worked together to bring the greatest sporting event of them all to our nation and I was thrilled to watch us competing together against the world,” he said, adding that he experienced equal joy seeing Scottish athletes win as he did the English ones.
David Cameron will emphasise the final, “once-and-for-all” nature of the vote in a speech in Scotland on Monday warning that a Yes vote would be permanent. “We must be very clear that there’s no going back from this,” he will say.
Alex Salmond likewise vowed that Scotland will not get a second chance to vote for independence for another generation. There would not be another such vote for at least another 18 years, he said, even if his Yes campaign for independence loses by a whisker in Thursday’s contest.
“This is a once in a generation opportunity, perhaps even a once in a lifetime opportunity for Scotland,” he said.
The comments may help to allay concerns that in the event of a No vote Mr Salmond would seek another mandate.
More video
A poll of Scottish companies for the Financial Times has found an overwhelmingly negative sentiment towards the prospect of independence, with 85 per cent of respondents saying they might move their corporate domicile to England.
Opinion polls over the weekend suggested the decision is still on a knife-edge with just four days to go before polling day.
Almost half of Scottish voters do not believe the promise from Westminster that Holyrood will win fresh new powers in the event of a No vote, according to a survey by Opinium .
Asked what their main concern would be if Scotland remained in the UK, 47 per cent said it was the Westminster parties not giving the Scottish Parliament more powers.
In depth

Amazon hits India tax snagAmazon hits India tax snag
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/60798a7e-3caf-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Cognizant to buy IT services provider Trizetto for $2.7 billionCognizant to buy IT services provider Trizetto for $2.7 billion
Reuters |  Sep 15, 2014 03:51 PM IST
Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp said it would buy privately held healthcare IT services provider TriZetto Corp for $2.7 billion in cash.
 
Cognizant said the deal would immediately add to adjusted profit.
 
The company said it would fund the deal through a combination of cash and debt and had secured $1 billion in financing.
 

Israel slams protesting reservistsDefence minister denounces protesting Israeli military reservists
By John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e5cbc84-3cb6-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Expect lower levels in YES Bank  IndusInd Bank: SukhaniExpect lower levels in YES Bank  IndusInd Bank: Sukhani
Google s much-awaited Android One phone out at Rs 6 399Google s much-awaited Android One phone out at Rs 6 399
Rs 15.26 crore dividend cheque from REPCO BankRs 15.26 crore dividend cheque from REPCO Bank
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 15, 2014 04:06 PM IST
Repatriates Cooperative Finance and Development Bank Ltd (REPCO) today handed over a dividend cheque of Rs 15.26 crore to Home Minister Rajnath Singh.
The Home Minister received it on behalf of the central government from Managing Director of REPCO Bank R Vardarajan, an official release said here.
REPCO Bank, which is under the administrative control of the Ministry of Home Affairs and functions as a multi-state cooperative society, was set up in the year 1969 to help and promote the rehabilitation of repatriates from Sri Lanka, Myanmar, Vietnam and other countries.
The total authorised capital of the Bank stood at Rs 500 crore against which the amount of subscribed capital is Rs 104 crore.
The central government has 73.33% share, Tamil Nadu government has 2.91% share, Andhra Pradesh has 1.73%, Kerala has 0.59%, Karnataka has 0.17% and repatriates have 21.28% share.

Safety Agency Investigates Ford Fiesta LatchesPeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

Brand Narendra Modi: 9 business lessons for allBrand Narendra Modi: 9 business lessons for all
Half of wealthy Chinese plan to leave: surveyHalf of wealthy Chinese plan to leave: survey
PTI
Tweet
Beijing, Sept 15:  
Nearly half of China’s super-wealthy individuals are considering leaving the country, a survey said today, with most citing better overseas educational and employment opportunities for their children.
The global survey of 2,000 high net-worth individuals by Barclays Wealth found that 47 per cent of the wealthy Chinese who were questioned plan to move overseas within the next five years.
The Chinese semi-autonomous city of Hong Kong is their preferred destination, cited by 30 per cent of respondents, followed by Canada with 23 per cent — although earlier this year Ottawa closed an immigrant investor visa scheme that had been popular among wealthy Chinese.
The results show that “better educational and employment opportunities for their children is the main pull factor for Chinese high net-worth individuals”, according to the survey.
China has seen double-digit economic expansion in recent decades but faces mounting uncertainty over its pace of growth.
Its economic expansion has also come at great environmental cost — particularly in large cities such as Beijing and Shanghai — another factor among the country’s super-wealthy in considering a move overseas.
The survey also found that a significant share of Singapore’s wealthy — 23 per cent — plan a move abroad in the next five years, even as the city-state remains a top destination for Hong Kong’s rich.
In Hong Kong 16 per cent of the wealthy said they plan to move, with 44 per cent of these naming Singapore as their destination. Another 31 per cent anticipated going to China.
Around the world a little over half — 57 per cent — of super-rich individuals have only lived in one country, with 20 per cent having lived in three or more.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Mars mission: ISRO gearing up for the inser...ESA
(As India's Mars Orbiter…)
BANGALORE: As India's Mars orbiter mission raced for its tryst with the red planet on September 24, Indian space scientists are gearing up for the critical manoeuvre of the spacecraft, sounding confident about the mission's success.
The spacecraft has covered 98 per cent of its 300-day odyssey and the critical manoeuvre would be performed when the scientists restart the onboard liquid engine which is in sleep mode for nearly 10 months.
The MOM, India's first interplanetary mission, was launched on November 5, 2013 by India's workhorse Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle(PSLV) from the spaceport of Sriharikota in Andhra Pradesh.
At a media briefing, ISRO said today it was confident about the MOM's success going by its performance so far.
Commands for inserting the Mars spacecraft into the Red Planet's orbit were being uploaded since yesterday and were expected to be completed today, it said.
"The remaining crucial thing is Mars Orbit Insertion, and if you see some missions have failed because of failures in estimates in the distance from the mars, and if you see the history they were at very early stages....," ISRO Scientific Secretary V Koteswara Rao said.
"We are very confident; there is no reason, not to be confident going by the performance of the system so far. We have covered 98 per cent of the journey and another 2 per cent we are going to complete soon. We are very confident, teams are all very confident," he said.
If the Rs 450 crore MOM mission turns out to be a success, ISRO would be the fourth space agency in the world to have sent a mission to Mars.
European Space Agency ( ESA ) of European consortium, National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) of the US and Roscosmos of Russia are the only three agencies which have so far sent their missions to the red planet.
Only 21 of the total of 51 missions sent to Mars by various countries have been successful.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt set to transform employment exchanges into career centresGovt to change job exchanges to career centres
Brajesh Kumar , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 15, 2014
First Published: 17:46 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 20:19 IST(15/9/2014)
Comments
The central government is all set to restructure the defunct employment exchanges of the country and turn them into career centres on the lines of online job portals like naukri.com and timesjob.com, likely from next month.
Finance minister Arun Jaitley in his maiden budget speech in June had spoken about restructuring the 956 exchanges that have more than four crore registered job seekers but a very low placement record.
As a first step towards their modernisation, all exchanges will be linked via web based computer system creating a virtual job market for employers and job seekers.
The access and use of the portal would be easy and user friendly and jobseekers will be able to upload their biodata on the portal through common service centres or kiosks.
The government is considering setting up such kiosks at every technical/professional institutes so that students can easily use them.
The employment exchanges would also launch training programmes for skill development of job seekers in the PPP ( Public Private Partnership) mode with government likely to provide subsidy for both the trainees and training providers.  
Recruitment through local employment exchanges would be encouraged by  offering incentives for the employers like tax exemptions.
According to the ministry of labour and employment, the problem behind the poor performance of these exchanges is lack of information regarding the demand and supply of the labour market.
The employment market information system run by the exchanges is ineffective in most of the states with delayed publication of employment market report.
Again, most of the candidate registered with the exchanges are unskilled with no academic or technical qualifications.
The success rate of these exchanges in respect of placement, the ministry noted, is below 0.5 % as compared to a leading online job website that claims to place 10-15 % of the total jobseekers registered with it.

BJP-Sena seat-sharing row: Uddhav talks tough  wants 150 seatsComments
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Monday rejected the Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) demand to contest 135 of Maharashtra’s 288 assembly seats in the October 15 polls, escalating tensions between the two oldest allies in the National Democratic alliance.
 
The spat over seat-sharing sparked speculation that the Shiv Sena may go it alone, but Thackeray said efforts are still on to work out a formula ahead of the elections.  The state BJP unit, too, is likely to ask party president Amit Shah when he visits from September 17-19 that they fight the elections on their own if the Sena doesn’t meet their demand.            
 
The assembly polls are seen as a key test of the BJP’s popularity after it charged to power on the back of what the party called a ‘Modi wave’ in the general election. Any falling out of the two allies could divide opposition votes, undermining the advantage the BJP gained after its impressive performance in the state in the April-May Lok Sabha election. This will probably help the Congress-led coalition retain power in one of the country’s politically-crucial states.
“Everything has an alternative. I have conveyed it to BJP that I can’t go beyond a point (over the number of seats to contest),” Thackeray said when asked whether the Sena was weighing the option of fighting the elections alone.
 
Tensions between the two parties grew on Sunday when BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis said his party had decided against talking to the Sena over the seat-sharing issue after the Sena chief took a dig at PM Narendra Modi during a television interview.
 
“In Maharashtra, the Modi factor worked (in the Lok Sabha polls). But the alliance parties must also be given credit. The Modi factor didn’t work in many states during the Lok Sabha elections,” Thackeray told the channel.
 
The Sena chief, sources said, conveyed to Fadnavis that his party will not agree to anything less than 155 seats. The party with the most legislators will have the bigger claim to the chief minister’s chair, analysts say. Thackeray has made it clear he has his eyes on the post.
 
The BJP and the Sena contested 119 and 169 seats in the previous assembly polls. The necessity to revisit the formula arose after four other parties joined the Mahayuti (grand alliance) that won 42 of the state’s 48 Lok Sabha constituencies in May. The Congress-NCP coalition, which has governed Maharashtra since 1999, got only six seats. The two parties are yet to reach a seat-sharing arrangement for the assembly polls.
 
However, the BJP’s Maharashtra in-charge, Rajiv Pratap Rudy, dismissed speculation over the nearly two-decade-old coalition’s stability. “There is nothing alarming as of now. Reports about a strain on the alliance are mere speculation,” he said over the phone from Mumbai.
 
The BJP said on Sunday that after allotting seats to smaller allies like RPI (A) and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, the two major Mahayuti constituents should take 135 seats each.

Ahead of policy  Rajan rules out repo rate cutAhead of policy review, Rajan rules out repo cut
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 16, 2014 12:59 AM IST
The wholesale price index (WPI) has shrunk to a five-year low in August but Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Governor Raghuram Rajan remains unmoved. Two weeks before the monetary policy review, Rajan on Monday said inflation was still high and there was no point in lowering interest rates to have inflation picking up again.
Speaking at a banking conference here, the RBI governor said he had “no desire to keep the interest rate higher than it should be — even for a second more than needed. The interest rate will be brought down when we have won the fight against inflation.” The conference was organised by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry and the Indian Banks’ Association.
The consumer price index (CPI)-based inflation, which the RBI tracks, had eased to 7.80 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent a month earlier. Rajan said the downward trend in inflation was “consistent with RBI forecasts”.
Rajan’s statements suggest the repo rate might be kept unchanged at eight per cent on September 30, when the Reserve Bank reviews its monetary policy.
THE GOVERNOR SPEAKS
ON RATE CUT
Inflation is still high and there is no point in cutting interest rates to see it (inflation) pick up again
ON INVESTMENT
Investment growth is yet to pick up. We also look at credit numbers, which have not yet picked up as strongly
ON RECOVERY
It’s still way before we are out of the woods
ON DIESEL SUBSIDY
We need to seize this moment to eliminate diesel subsidies completely
On economic growth, Rajan said the recovery was still “uneven”, though the country was doing better than a few months earlier. In July, India’s industrial production grew only 0.5 per cent from a year earlier — down from 3.9 per cent in June and lower than the expected two per cent growth rate. Rajan said strong export data and accelerating car sales growth suggested the economy could be gaining momentum, but “it’s still way before we are out of the woods”.
Rajan expressed concerns over sluggish investment growth.
"Investment growth is yet to pick up. When we look at investment growth, we also look at credit numbers, which have not yet picked up as strongly. Probably, the reason is that large companies are tapping the financial markets; bond issuances have been significant in the past few months," he said.
On the recent dip in global oil prices, the governor said the government must take advantage of the lowest level of oil prices in a year to free up the fuel prices and reduce subsidies. Brent crude oil has fallen 14 per cent since June to $96.38 a barrel. "We need to seize this moment to eliminate diesel subsidies completely. We can wait, of course; but the moment will leave us and we might be back to subsidising," Rajan said.
The RBI governor noted how a differentiation in the interest rate cycle in the world's largest economies was a large question looming over India's future. It might bring some respite to India in the coming months but it could also make the global environment more perilous for emerging economies.
"We are probably reaching closer to the initiation of interest rate increases in the US; there may still be a long time for Japan and the euro area," Rajan said. "There will be differentiated situations across the world which could be a blessing. There might be their own source of turmoil as exchange rates move significantly differently on the basis of who starts first and who starts later."
Rajan said banks would have to continue to finance infrastructure projects because, "fortunately or unfortunately", there were no other entities to do long-term financing. But he also asked bankers to become better in evaluation of projects. "We need better evaluation, which cannot be outsourced. We need early recognition of projects and quick and effective project restructuring for distressed projects," Rajan said. He also touched upon the recent incidents of corruption in public-sector banks and said the system needed to use its strengths by weeding out "bad apples" from the system.
"Public-sector banks have to have the freedom to make commercial decisions. They are not extensions of the government any longer. Government mandates should be backed by financial payments. We are taking up this issue with the government; let's see how it works," Rajan said.
Referring to the recently launched Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, Rajan said the scheme was a good one, provided banks did not focus only on adding numbers, as that could lead to duplicate accounts or accounts opened for people who were not the targeted beneficiaries.
Rajan said the political class in the country had to understand that waiving loan repayments did not help the poor. "Waiving loans is an unhealthy activity. Every time a waiver is done, it diverts access to credit and shrinks credit availability. In 1989-90 and again in 2009, agriculture credit dropped after a big loan waiver," he said.
RBI has mandated banks to maintain 60 per cent liquidity coverage ratio from January 1 next year. It has also suggested the ratio be increased to 100 per cent by January 1, 2019, in a phased manner. "We have to make sure that we fulfil the purpose of liquidity requirement; that is, we have liquid assets to the extent that they are built over and above the existing liquid assets you have for other purposes like statutory liquidity ratio requirements,” Rajan said.

Tata Motors global sales down 9.7% in AugustTata Motors global sales down 9.7% in August
By PTI | 15 Sep, 2014, 07.03PM IST
Sales of luxury brand Jaguar Land Rover rose 2.44 per cent to 31,650 units in August, compared to 30,895 units in the same month last year.
()
NEW DELHI: Tata Motors today reported an 9.7 per cent decline in global sales to 73,524 units in August.
The company had sold 81,457 units in the same month last year.
In the passenger vehicles category, the global sales last month were at 42,988 units, as against 43,474 units in August 2013, down 1.11 per cent, Tata Motors said in a statement.
Sales of luxury brand Jaguar Land Rover rose 2.44 per cent to 31,650 units in August, compared to 30,895 units in the same month last year.
Sales of commercial vehicles declined 19.6 per cent in August to 30,536 units from 37,983 units a year ago.
DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on Twitter Follow

Road sector set for a turnaround in 2 years:...Jammu & Kashmir
(Setting up a National Highways…)
NEW DELHI: The Road Transport and Highways Ministry has taken a slew of steps, including making projects of Rs 50,000 crore ready for award, clearing Rs 1.5 lakh crore projects and setting a target to build 30 km of roads a day, for turning around the sector, Minister Nitin Gadkari said.
Drafting new Motor Vehicles Bill is another important step taken, he added.
Also on the anvil is formation of NHAI-International to bid and construct roads overseas. Setting up a National Highways & Infrastructure Development Company, primarily dedicated for implementing highways projects along borders is also on the card.
"In two years time, the road transport and highways sector will undergo revolutionary changes. Transport and shipping sectors will contribute at least 2 per cent increase in the country's GDP in two years span," Gadkari said addressing the media here on completion of 100 days by the new government.
Listing out achievements of his Ministry, he said the draft of the new Motor Vehicles Bill was ready for stakeholders comments and it would be his endeavour to introduce the same in the next Parliament session.
It has been designed and framed in sync with the best practices of six advanced nations and would reduce drastically road accidents in the country, which accounted for 5 lakh accidents and 1.5 lakh related deaths annually, he said.
On road projects, Gadkari said: "We inherited a legacy where 189 projects worth Rs 1.5 lakh crore were stuck on account of regulatory hurdles including environment and forest clearances, most of which have been removed and are rolled out."
Also issues pertaining to 24 of the 42 projects on public-private partnership (PPP) mode were removed. In addition, golden handshake with developers were made in 34 projects worth Rs 38,573 crore as the builders had backed out and "we will bid out these on EPC (engineering, procurement and construction), he said.
Gadkari said he was chairing the Infrastructure Group, appointed by the Prime Minister and most of the issues involving delays in forest and environment clearances, defence and railway objects have been removed, with Environment and Forest Minister Prakash Javadekar recently clearing 33 of 54 stuck projects.
Also, 350 projects concerning rail over bridges stuck for over two years can now be online tracked, he said, adding, "to avoid delays in projects, the government, henceforth, would not award any project without acquiring 80 per cent of the required land."
"The Ministry has reached out to state governments seeking their support, besides MPs in in ten states have been told about delays in projects in their concerned constituencies," he said.
He said work was under way on projects worth Rs 28,000 crore in Jammu & Kashmir and Rs 10,141 crore in North East besides seven road packages worth Rs 12,500 crore have been cleared for work on new highway alignment in the Uttarakhand to make its roads away from rivers.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Britain s Prince Harry turns 30  inherits mi...Britain's Prince Harry turns 30, inherits millions
By PTI | 15 Sep, 2014, 06.59PM IST
He is also set to become an uncle for the second time with brother Prince William, 32, and Kate Middleton, 32, expecting their second baby after Prince George.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
LONDON: Prince Harry, Britain's debonair royal known for living life in the fast lane, celebrated his 30th birthday today with a beer, as he inherited over 10 million pounds left to him by his mother Princess Diana.
Harry's 30th birthday celebrations began with a beer after the closing concert of his inaugural multi-sport event for wounded troops -- Invictus Games.
The fourth in line to the British throne reflected on turning 30 in a new interview and admitted he felt "old".
"I think 30 is one of those first milestones when you drive through a village and see the 30 mile per hour signs. It's that constant reminder going 'I am actually quite old'," he told ITV News.
However, Prince Harry will always be the royal rebel. "I'm always young at heart," he said.
Prince Harry split from his girlfriend of two years, Cressida Bonas, 25, in April this year and the royal bachelor has been rumoured to be dating Camilla Thurlow, 25.
Harry, speaking over the weekend, said: "On the birthday side of things, I'll be chuffed to bits when I'm having a beer with Dave Henson...we turn 30 at exactly the same time, on Sunday night. We're really looking forward to being 30, both feeling quite old about it."
Turning 30 means the Harry is now entitled to the multi-million pound inheritance -- estimated at 10.7 million pounds -- left to him by his mother Princess of Wales.
He is also set to become an uncle for the second time with brother Prince William , 32, and Kate Middleton , 32, expecting their second baby after Prince George .
Harry is an army captain and has served two tours in Afghanistan. He has taken the cause of wounded service personnel to his heart and said a successful Games would be his birthday celebration.
After serving as Apache helicopter pilot, Harry's job now is to organise commemorative army events in London.

Hafiz Saeed our national  free to roam around: Pak envoyprint
Pakistan on Monday made it clear that there was no case against designated terrorist Hafiz Saeed, the mastermind of 26/11 Mumbai terror attack, and he is free to roam in the country.
"Hafiz Saeed is a Pakistani national so he is free to roam around. So what is the problem...he is a free citizen so there is no issue as far as Pakistan is concerned," Pakistan high commissioner to India Abdul Basit said when asked why Saeed was working alongside Pakistan army very close to Line of Control.
Video: Hafiz Saeed is a Pak national, free to roam around: Abdul Basit
"Courts have already exonerated him. There is no case pending against him," he told reporters after an event in New Delhi.
India has maintained that Saeed is the mastermind behind Mumbai terror attack in 2008, conspiracy for which was hatched, planned and executed out of Pakistan. 166 people were killed in the terror strike. New Delhi has also protested the delay in the on-going trial of the case in Pakistan.
Hafiz Saeed might be a national of Pak but he is a criminal for India thats why he needs to be handed to us: MA Naqvi pic.twitter.com/SwrIDnDA2X — ANI (@ANI_news) September 15, 2014
Recently, Saeed, known for his anti-India tirade and designated as a terrorist by the US, has also accused India of indulging in "water-terrorism".
"On one hand, the Indian government has discharged water in rivers without notification and has given false information, and on the other is ironically offering help," Saeed has said at a press conference in reference to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's offer to help Pakistan in the flood crisis.
GoI needs to do something, they are sitting idly: Rajiv Shukla on Hafiz Saeed pic.twitter.com/oViWwZjNPA — ANI (@ANI_news) September 15, 2014

The Gulf of Alaska is unusually warm  and weird fish are showing upBy Elahe Izadi September 15 Follow @ElaheIzadi
A skipjack tuna caught off the Copper River in Alaska. There had been one confirmed documentation of such a fish in Alaska in the 1980s. (Courtesy of Alaska Department of Fish and Game)
Something odd is happening in Northern Pacific waters: They're heating up. In fact, it hasn't been this warm in parts of the Gulf of Alaska for this long since researchers began tracking surface water temperatures in the 1980s, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
The warming began last year in the Gulf of Alaska and has since been dubbed "The Blob" by Nick Bond, of the Joint Institute for the Study of the Atmosphere and Ocean. Temperatures have been as high as about 5 degrees Fahrenheit (3 Celsius) above average.
Normally storms and winds roll through to cool off the surface of the Northern Pacific, but a weather pattern popped up for a few months in winter 2013 that inhibited those storms from developing, said Nate Mantua, a NOAA research scientist. Then, from October 2013 through January, the weather pattern came back as a ridge of high pressure (the same one connected to the California drought). All of that made the already warm waters in the Alaskan gulf even warmer, a layer about 100 meters thick, Mantua said.
In the spring, warm water started to develop in other Northern Pacific waters, namely the Bering Sea. There's also a chunk of warm water developing off the coast of California.
"You have lots of warm water, and it's due to weather patterns that basically don't take heat out of the ocean," Mantua said. "They are letting the ocean warm up rapidly, and stay warm."
The change in surface water temperature doesn't appear to be a manifestation of global warming, but rather the result of weather and wind patterns that change quickly and vary year to year, Mantua said.
Take a look at this map of surface water temperatures. The deeper the red, the higher the above the average temperature:
(NOAA)
And now, strange fish are showing up. In the past year, there have been "unusual fish occurrences" in Alaskan waters, according to NOAA research biologist Joe Orsi, such as the skipjack tuna in the photo above. The last documented skipjack tuna in Alaska was in the 1980s.
In August, a thresher shark was caught in the Gulf of Alaska, Orsi noted.  Those sharks are more typical off the coasts of British Columbia and Baja California . Two other threshers were spotted in the past four years in the more southern waters of the Alaskan gulf.
An ocean sunfish, the world's largest bony fish,  has been spotted on the surface of the Prince William Sound off Alaskan shores, Orsi said. Further south, a 7-foot-long ocean sunfish  washed up  on the shore in Washington state in August.
In this Aug. 29 photo, a 7-foot ocean sunfish rarely seen in Washington waters washed ashore on a beach near Ilwaco, Wash., with June Mohler, a biological technician working as an interpretative assistant. (AP Photo/Cape Disappointment State Park, Eric Wall)
The warm water could throw the food chain into a bit of disarray. Just as warmer water fish have been showing up, salmon could be finding less of the high-fat food they need to chow down on. That's important because the Northern Pacific is considered a "fish basket," and most American salmon comes from the Alaskan gulf.
"The fish migrated out of rivers in June, got to the gulf by August, and they will have arrived expecting to find cold water and abundant feed," said Bill Peterson, a senior scientist with NOAA fisheries. "They're going to find nothing to eat, is what we suspect.... It won't be pretty."
It's possible that the fish could dive down deeper and feed in the colder waters below the surface, Peterson said. Either way, fisheries won't feel the impact until the salmon return in another two to three years.
Around 2005, when similar warming occurred in Northern Pacific waters, particularly in Northern California, "Pacific salmon died in extremely high numbers," Mantua said. "Fisheries, three years later, curtailed or even shut down in California for the first time ever."
But it's still an open question as to how these warmer waters will affect salmon populations. Mantua isn't convinced that "The Blob" means loads of dead fish. He points to past warm years that resulted in high salmon returns. "It's unsettled whether this is bad news" for salmon, he said. "We have to wait until the adults come back, and we'll have to see."
This post has been updated.
Elahe Izadi is a general assignment national reporter for The Washington Post.

Over 2.26 lakh people rescued in flood-hit J&K so farOver 2.26 lakh people rescued in flood-hit J&K so far
Gogoi sets up panel to rectify status of Assamese script in UnicodePrint
Written by Samudra Gupta Kashyap | Guwahati | Posted: September 15, 2014 7:25 pm
More than three years after linguists and scholars have objected to clubbing Assamese as a modified version of the Bengali script, Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi on Monday constituted an expert committee to study in detail the computational intricacies of the Assamese writing script in the Unicode standard and suggest corrective measures for the same.
The committee comprising of linguists, IT specialists, language technologists, domain specialists, IT experts from universities, and officials of the state IT and Cultural Affairs departments would go into the computational intricacies of the Unicode script and project certain uniqueness of the Assamese script which makes it very different and independent from the Bengali script or any other script.
The state government will submit a proposal to the Department of Electronics and Information Technology, government of India for an individual and separate status for the Assamese script. “As of now the Assamese script in Unicode has been shown as a modified version of the Bengali script,” an official press note said.
Linguists in Assam have pointed out that though the Assamese language is listed in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution, the Indian Standard Code for Uniformation Exchange has considered Assamese to be written in the Bengali script instead of recognizing as a separate script. Pointing this out Satyakam Phukan, a prominent linguist fighting for the cause said the same was being reflected in Unicode’s Universal Character Set (UCS).

When it comes to a China growth slowdown  bad news is actually good newsChina's Transition
September 15, 2014
News that Chinese factories are pumping out goods at the slowest pace since the height of the global financial crisis  sent share prices and commodities reeling  today. And it wasn’t a blip: power generation fell 0.6% versus Aug. 2013, down from 5.3% growth in July.
Share
Tap image to zoom
Finally—some cheery Chinese economic news! No, really. The fact that even as the housing market has tanked, premier Li Keqiang (who is thought to head up China’s economic planning) and central bank chief Zhou Xiaochuan haven’t added new stimulus measures is heartening. The “tolerance level for short-term pain seems to have jumped up by another big notch,” Wei Yao, an economist at Société Générale, wrote in a note this morning.
Of course, not everyone thinks such “tolerance” is a good thing.
“This is a pretty important wakeup call that [China's leaders] need to do more,” Helen Qiao, economist at Morgan Stanley, told Bloomberg , adding that China can still hit its 7.5% GDP growth target “if they roll out more easing measures starting from now.”
Li and Zhou face a dilemma. They can boost GDP with cheap money yet again, piling on still more debt and postponing much-needed reforms. Or they can limit the size of China’s corporate debt, accepting that growth will slip—almost certainly below the promised 7.5%, and possible quite a bit lower—but making reforms possible.
To recap recent history, the Chinese government combatted the global financial crisis with a flood of cheap loans from state-owned banks. Even as it began slowing the growth of official lending in 2010, the explosion of off-balance-sheet financing—a.k.a. “ shadow banking “—kept the economy humming.
Tap image to zoom
(Bank of America/Merrill Lynch)
China’s closed financial system means the central bank makes money cheap not by lowering rates but by forcing banks to lend—usually to other state-backed companies—whether the recipients need capital or not. These companies in turn built new factories, profited by re-lending to more credit-starved private entities, and speculated on the property market. To the extent anyone thought much about it, the assumption was that global demand would pick up soon, boosting the Chinese economy enough for companies to repay their borrowings.
That global economic revival didn’t happen, though.
Drowning in debt, hundreds of thousands of Chinese companies now depend on a steady flow of new loans to pay interest on old ones. That’s why each shadow-banking crackdown makes the economy slow sharply, as you can see in this chart from SocGen:
Tap image to zoom
(Société Générale)
This chart highlights another subtle but crucial point. It’s impossible for China to reform its financial system—most notably, liberalizing interest rates—while keeping zombie companies alive with easy money. But China needs to implement these reforms, which will transfer wealth from the state sectors to households, not only to keep the economy growing, but also to avoid a financial collapse.
For Morgan Stanley and anyone else taking the short view, the choice facing Li and Zhuo is a no-brainer—ease now, worry about the consequences later. Eventually, though, that’s bound to lead to either a financial crisis or a Japan-like lost decade (or two). This hint that China’s leaders might let the economy take its blows now means they just might avoid either of these economic beat-downs in the long term.
Share this:

Microsofts Minecraft deal shows its new CEO is paying attentionThe Cloud
September 15, 2014
It’s official: Microsoft is buying Mojang , the studio behind the massive cloud gaming hit Minecraft, for $2.5 billion. Microsoft expects the deal to close later this year and to break even in fiscal 2015.
This deal looks great for Microsoft and its relatively new CEO , Satya Nadella, for several reasons—but foremost because it shows Nadella is paying attention to what’s actually hot and making it a part of Microsoft’s future. Think of all the boring or too-big enterprise-software deals he might have pursued—SAP? Adobe?
But Microsoft is at a point where it needs some sizzle , and Minecraft—whose popularity with brainy youths can’t be overstated—should bring that. Here’s the relevant paragraph from Microsoft’s release:
Available across multiple platforms, “Minecraft” is one of the most popular video games in history, with more than 100 million downloads, on PC alone, by players since its launch in 2009. “Minecraft” is one of the top PC games of all time, the most popular online game on Xbox, and the top paid app for iOS and Android in the US. The “Minecraft” community is among the most active and passionate in the industry, with more than 2 billion hours played on Xbox 360 alone in the past two years. Minecraft fans are loyal, with nearly 90 percent of paid customers on the PC having signed in within the past 12 months.
One potential concern is that Minecraft’s founders are not joining Microsoft, but are moving on to start new projects . In many cases, that can be a recipe for disaster—if the culture tanks and everyone who built it leaves . It remains possible Microsoft will ruin everything.
But given its distributed nature and huge, passionate community, Minecraft seems—at least for now—too big to fail.

Google to make YouTube videos available offline soon in IndiaPrint
YouTube
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 7:54 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 9:58 am
After Android One, India will have another first from Google as the tech giant plans to make YouTube available offline, allowing people to save on download charges for watching their favourite videos.
In the coming weeks, once the service is available offline, viewers can download the video, save it and watch it later without downloading it again and in turn, save on recurring data download charges.
“YouTube is popular here. You watch some videos again and again. How awesome would it be if you could keep watching them again and again without having to pay for data, and take the videos with you wherever you go?” Google Vice President Product Management Ceasar Sengupta said.
He added that in the next few weeks, YouTube will be available offline in India.
As of now, the service is not available in any other country. “You can download a video once, save it to your phone, and watch it again and again,” he said.
According to industry reports, the online video consumption is pegged at over 3.7 billion videos per month in the country.
According to comscore, the total online video audience in India saw growth of over 70 per cent in 2013 with the average viewer watching 18 per cent more videos and spending 28 per cent more time viewing.
Video consumption on mobile phones has also been growing steadily in the country.
YouTube alone gets over 60 million unique users a month and about one-third of the traffic coming from mobile phones.
India is the first country where Google has launched its Android One smartphones, in partnership with handset makers Micromax, Karbonn and Spice. Other countries like Indonesia, Bangladesh and Philippines will follow in the coming months.

India slams Pak for clean chit to 26/11 mastermind Hafiz Saeed  demands his arrestPakistan High Commissioner to India Abdul Basit in new delhi on monday. ( Source: Express photo by Anil Sharma )
Express News Service | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 6:59 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 4:04 am
India on Monday described Jamaat-ud Dawa chief Hafiz Saeed as the “evil mastermind” behind the Mumbai terror attacks, hours after Pakistan High Commissioner Abdul Basit said that Saeed is “free to roam around” since Pakistan’s courts have acquitted him.
The Ministry of External Affairs’ official spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said, “Our views on Hafiz Saeed are very clear. To us, he is the evil mastermind of the attacks on Mumbai and one of the accused in an Indian court for killings on streets of Mumbai. We have repeatedly asked Pakistan that he should be apprehended and taken through normal judicial process. Alas! He has never been arrested on account of 26/11. Therefore…. he is only free because he is a Pakistani citizen.”
The MEA spokesperson further said, “99 per cent evidence in this case is in Pakistan. That is because the entire conspiracy was hatched in Pakistan. The planning for this dastardly act was done in Pakistan. The financing for this act was undertaken in Pakistan and people involved in this were from Pakistan. Therefore, it has always been our view that it devolves on Pakistan that it ensures that criminals like Hafiz Saeed were brought to book and justice was delivered in the instance of crime in Mumbai.”
The remarks came after the Pakistan envoy said, “Hafiz Saeed is a Pakistani national so he is free to roam around. So what is the problem…he is a free citizen so there is no issue as far as Pakistan is concerned. Courts have already exonerated him. There is no case pending against him.”
India has consistently protested the slow pace of trial in Pakistan on the Mumbai terror attacks, in which 166 people were killed in 2008.

Worst shipwreck in years  in Mediterranean leaves 500 boat migrants feared dead500 migrants feared dead in Malta shipwreck
Reuters
print
More than 700 people fleeing Africa and the West Asia may have drowned in the latest shipwrecks in the Mediterranean, bringing the death toll this year to almost 3,000, the International Organisation for Migration (IOM) said on Monday.
In the worst incident, as many as 500 migrants are believed to have died after traffickers rammed their ship off Malta's coast last week, an event that only came to light this weekend in testimony from two of the nine survivors.
The survivors said the traffickers ordered the migrants to change vessels in the middle of the Mediterranean. The migrants refused, leading to a confrontation that ended when traffickers rammed the ship carrying the migrants, IOM spokesperson Christiane Berthiaume told Reuters in Geneva.
"Some 500 people were on board - Syrians, Palestinians, Egyptians and Sudanese. They were trying to reach Europe," Berthiaume said.
"That means that 700 people perished at sea these last days in the Mediterranean, the deadliest incidents in the space of a few days," she said.
In this handout picture released by the Italian Navy migrants sit in a boat during a rescue operation off the coast of Sicily. (AFP photo/Marina Militare)
The vessel had set off on Saturday, September 6 from Damiette, Egypt, and sank off Malta's coast on September 10, she said. The UN refugee agency also learned of the shipwreck, but said its information was the wreck occurred on Friday.
"In all, nine people survived and were picked up boats," Berthiaume said. IOM officials interviewed two Palestinian survivors who were taken to Sicily, Italy, while other survivors were taken to Malta and to Crete, Greece, Berthiaume said.
Four days later, another ship packed with up to 250 African emigrants sank off the Libyan coast, and most of them are feared dead, a spokesperson for the Libyan navy said late on Sunday. Some 26 people survived.
The UN refugee agency UNHCR said the situation in the Mediterranean was unclear and it was trying to get confirmation of five shipwrecks in all. "At least 500 people have died or are missing in the last three days", UNHCR spokesperson Francis Markus said in an email.
In this handout picture released by the Italian Navy migrants sit in a boat during a rescue operation off the coast of Sicily. (AFP photo/Marina Militare)
"It was without any doubt the deadliest weekend ever in the Mediterranean," Carlotta Sami of the UNHCR said.
Some 130,000 people have arrived in Europe by sea so far this year, compared with 60,000 last year, according to the UNHCR. Italy has received more than 118,000, most of them rescued at sea under its naval operation Mare Nostrum.
UN high commissioner for refugees Antonio Guterres and UNHCR special envoy Angelina Jolie visited the naval rescue headquarters in Malta on Sunday, meeting survivors, the agency said in a statement issued on Monday.
"Amidst concerns about the sustainability of the Italian Mare Nostrum operation, they also called for increased efforts by European nations to contribute to rescue efforts and reduce deaths at sea," the UNHCR said.
Half of those arriving in Europe by boat are refugees from Syria and Eritrea, according to the agency.
Angelina Jolie, centre, who serves as Special Envoy for the United Nations High Commission for Refugees, listens to officers in the Maltese military discuss rescue at sea operations for refugees at a military base in Valetta, Malta. (AP Photo) 
"We all need to wake up to the scale of this crisis. There is a direct link between the conflicts in Syria and elsewhere and the rise in deaths at sea in the Mediterranean. We have to understand what drives people to take the fearful step of risking their children's lives on crowded, unsafe vessels; it is the overwhelming desire to find refuge," Jolie said.
"It is also part of a bigger problem - the soaring numbers of people displaced by conflicts around the world today, which now stands at over 51 million. Unless we address the root causes of these conflicts, the numbers of refugees dying or unable to find protection will continue to rise," she said.

State leadership would decide on continuing talks with Shiv Sena: BJPState leadership would decide on continuing talks with Shiv Sena: BJP
Soon few branches will resume functioning in Valley: SBISoon few branches will resume functioning in Valley: SBI
Boundary issue will be discussed during Xi s visit: IndiaBoundary issue will be discussed during Xi s visit: India
Any revenue from TriZetto will add to guidance: CognizantAny revenue from TriZetto will add to guidance: Cognizant
Hero Motocorp likely to sign MoU with AP govt on TuesdayHero MotoCorp likely to sign MoU with AP on Tuesday
BS Reporter | Hyderabad Sep 15, 2014 08:44 PM IST
Hero MotoCorp Limited is likely to sign an MoU with the Andhra Pradesh government on Tuesday for setting up a motorcycle manufacturing plant in the state. The investment likely to be committed by the company is around Rs 2,200 crore, according to government sources.
During his recent visit to Delhi, the sources said, chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu succeeded in convincing Hero MotoCorp managing director and chief executive officer Pawan Munjal and his father Brij Mohan Munjal to choose AP as its manufacturing base for South India.
The state government has offered 600 acres of government land in Chittoor district adjoining the SriCity Industrial Park, at almost zero cost, besides 100 per cent exemption of value-added tax (VAT) on bikes made here. Power subsidy and other incentives available under the existing industrial policy were also being extended to the company, the sources told Business Standard.
Recent reports suggested the company had zeroed in on Karnataka among several other competing states to locate its plant for the South Indian market. Interestingly, the government of Telangana too was in the fray.
The decision was kept under wraps by the AP administration. Even the MoU was not circulated for vetting by either the finance or the law department, they said.
The Andhra Pradesh Cabinet on Monday reportedly discussed the incentives being offered to the company. However, information and public relations minister Palle Raghunath Reddy refused to share the details. Instead, he stated Naidu himself would announce the details in this regard on Tuesday.

HTC Desire 510: World s first 64-bit Android phoneHTC has recently unveiled Desire 510, the first Android phone to run a 64-bit processor.
PHOTO: http://www.htc.com/us/smartphones/htc-desire-510/

Is Our Obsession With Almond Milk Sucking California DryDunkin' Donuts Is Fueling Our Almond Milk Obsession At Just The Wrong Time
Posted:
Updated:
09/11/2014 10:59 am EDT
Dunkin Donuts said Wednesday that due to customer demand, it will begin stocking almond milk as a dairy alternative in most of its 7,800 U.S. stores.  | Dunkin Donuts
reddit
Is our obsession with almond milk sucking California dry?
Dunkin' Donuts announced last week that it will start offering almond milk at most of its U.S. locations, just the latest sign that Americans' obsession with the nutty drink is reaching a fever pitch.
The coffee and pastry chain said it will start stocking Almond Breeze milk, made by Blue Diamond Almond Growers, the biggest almond producer in the world. The move could give Dunkin' a leg up on its competitor Starbucks, which says it doesn't stock almond milk because of concerns about allergens.
"One reason why we chose almond milk is that it's one of the country's most popular non-dairy alternatives," Dunkin' Donuts said in a statement .
That's putting it mildly. Almond milk, which is made by mixing crushed almonds with water, is now the single most popular non-dairy milk in the country . American consumption of regular dairy milk has been declining since the 1970s , due to rising prices, concerns over how healthy it is, and our growing preference for other beverages like sports drinks. At the same time, almond milk has grown more popular as an alternative for lactose-intolerant consumers and for health-conscious shoppers who want to consume fewer calories . While many of those people have traditionally opted for soy milk over the years, disputed studies linking soy to reproductive disorders and breast cancer have pushed consumers into the almond milk market instead.
All of this means that almond milk is a growth industry. In the twelve months ending in July, U.S. sales for the nutty drink totaled well over $700 million a year , according to Bloomberg Businessweek.
But the nation's thirst for almond milk presents a unique environmental concern. Blue Diamond is a privately held cooperative of about 3,000 almond growers, many of whom are situated in California's Central Valley. Right now, that area is in the midst of one of the worst water shortages it's had in a century. According to the National Drought Mitigation Center, more than 81 percent of California is currently experiencing an "extreme drought." Conditions are such that residents can now be fined up to $500 for excessively watering their lawns .
What does that have to do with non-dairy beverages? Almonds need a massive amount of water to grow. Mother Jones reported earlier this year that a single almond requires over a gallon of water to produce. Although the almond industry disputes this finding, pointing out that the study Mother Jones used to arrive at that figure is about a decade old and that almond growers have since increased their yields, there's no question that almonds -- like many tree nuts -- are a water-intensive crop.
"Almonds, like walnuts and pistachios, are a very dry, concentrated product," said Dr. Timothy M. Spann, a tree nut expert at California State University's Fresno campus. "Typically it takes about 500 gallons of water to produce one pound of almonds."
Because the crunchy nuts fetch a higher price on the market than some of the state's less water-intensive crops like spinach and tomatoes, California farmers are reluctant to get rid of their almond groves, even as the state descends deeper into its water crisis.
As demand for almonds keeps climbing, almond groves are taking up more and more of California's farmland. The crop used 44 percent more land in 2012 than it did a decade earlier , according to The New York Times, although the change was not accompanied by an increase in water consumption.
All these trends have the potential to grow more pronounced with Dunkin' Donuts' new partnership with Blue Diamond. It's going to take a lot of almond milk to stock Dunkin's nearly 8,000 U.S. stores. The chain sells a serious amount of coffee and other beverages -- almost $4 billion worth in the U.S. last year , which accounted for about 57 percent of Dunkin's overall sales.
Meanwhile, business appears to be booming for Blue Diamond, whose 2012 sales exceeded $1 billion , according to a company press release. Last year, Blue Diamond broke ground on a 200,000-square-foot plant in Turlock, California that it says will double its production capacity . Company press material boasts of "record demand" and "exploding" revenues. Its exports to lucrative Asian markets have skyrocketed in the past few years.
Blue Diamond spokeswoman Susan Brauner told The Huffington Post that Dunkin Donuts' use of Almond Breeze products will likely account for no more than 0.1 percent of the total California almond crop.
Dunkin' Donuts' partnership with Almond Breeze "will NOT exacerbate the California drought impact," Brauner told HuffPost in an email. "Almond milk's growing popularity has heightened the visibility of almonds but there is no correlation between that popularity and the drought."
Dunkin' Donuts did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
CLARIFICATION: Language has been amended to reflect that the state of California, rather than Blue Diamond, produces 80 percent of the world's almonds, according to the Blue Diamond website. Language has also been added to make clear that the growth in almond acreage between 2002 and 2012 did not correspond with an increase in water use.
More:

Scotland s banks threaten to leaveScotland's banks threaten to leave
By Mark Thompson   @MarkThompsonCNN September 11, 2014: 8:10 AM ET
 
UK leaders urging Scotland to stay put
LONDON (CNNMoney)
Scotland risks losing the heart of its financial services industry if it votes in favor of independence from the United Kingdom.
The biggest names in banking and insurance say they would move headquarters and parts of their businesses to England if next week's referendum backs a split.
The Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ), Lloyds ( LLDTF ) and investment firm Standard Life ( SLFPF ) are making plans to protect customers and investors from the uncertainty that would follow. Lloyds owns the Bank of Scotland and pension provider Scottish Widows.
Clydesdale Bank, owned by the National Australia Bank ( NABZY ), and TSB Bank -- spun out of Lloyds earlier this year -- may join the exodus.
Related: $25 billion question: How much oil?
British finance has deep historical roots in Scotland. Edinburgh is the U.K.'s second biggest financial center after London.
The financial sector employs 100,000 people in Scotland. It manages over £800 billion ($1.3 trillion) in funds and generates roughly £7 billion ($11 billion) for the economy each year.
Royal Bank of Scotland was founded in 1727, and is nearly as old as the 307-year union between England and Scotland.
So why are companies and investors getting so nervous?
 
Pound slides on Scottish uncertainty
A vote in favor of independence would be followed by months, if not years, of confusion over issues of vital importance to banks and insurers as the details of the divorce are hammered out.
For starters, nobody knows which currency Scotland would use. Independence campaigners want to share the pound in a new "sterling zone," an option ruled out by British lawmakers and the Bank of England.
Related: 5 reasons to worry about independence
Bank of England Governor Mark Carney said this week that a new currency union was incompatible with Scottish sovereignty because it would require some sharing of tax and spending powers, a common central bank and deposit guarantee scheme.
"I think we only have to look [toward Europe] at what happens if you don't have all of those components in place. So that's just the economics of it," Carney said.
That means Scotland may be forced to shadow the pound -- which could be very costly -- or adopt a new, untested currency at risk of devaluation.
Standard Life, which was founded in 1825, and others are also concerned about lack of clarity over regulation, consumer protection and future tax policies.
With so many open questions, the worry is that a vote for independence could trigger a flight of capital.
First Published: September 11, 2014: 7:34 AM ET
Most Popular

Chicago and wireless technology: How Apple Watch literally hits home0
Three competing wireless recharging technologies have emerged: the Alliance for Wireless Power Rezence platform backed by Dell, HTC, Samsung, Qualcomm, Gill Industries and others; Qi, promoted by the Wireless Power Consortium and used by Verizon, Intertek, Samsung and others; and Power Matters Alliance, a platform supported by AT&T Mobility, Broadcom, Samsung and Starbucks. Hundreds of companies are exploring their possibilities in the marketplace.
Just as consumer electronics makers once split their investments between VHS and Betamax, DVDs and BluRay, some companies are exploring two or more rival technologies while the market settles on a dominant design.
“Finding a common ground on a technology standard like this is difficult and often even takes compromises between fierce competitors,” said Molex's Atkinson. “News from large manufacturers will help move this standard along.”
Wireless-charging pioneers include Samsung, which offers wireless inductive charging in the Galaxy S5, and LG, which makes a wireless charging pad for Verizon phones.
“But Apple always draws the attention of everyone else,” said Jacob Babcock, NuCurrent’s CEO. “They're not early adopters. They don’t usually jump into a technology without vetting it completely. When Apple puts wireless tech in a product, now all other companies that want to keep up with Apple need to play ball, too.”
Marc Knez, a clinical professor of strategic management at the University of Chicago, called the Apple Watch technology “kind of a baby step into wireless charging.”
Induction charging still involves cord-to-device contact, and he said even next-generation wireless charging pads on the market still involve contact.
“Apple probably figures the next generation is contactless,” Knez said. “They’re going to be slow, and they know they can drive the market on this.”

Microsoft to phase out  Nokia  name from its productsMicrosoft to phase out 'Nokia' name from its products
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 15:38 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Earlier revealed plans of Microsoft phasing out the 'Nokia' name in its mobile products are now backed with a newly leaked internal document that says upcoming Nokia Lumia devices will soon be branded as just 'Lumia'.
According to GeeksOnGadgets, Microsoft is also reportedly dropping the Phone add-on to its Windows Phone branding. Instead of using the Windows Phone logo, the company will reportedly just stick with the Windows logo.
Microsoft acquired Nokia's devices business for more than $7.2 billion in April. Shortly after the takeover, Microsoft renamed the company Microsoft Mobile.
With the deal, Microsoft had planned to use Nokia to continue promoting its Windows Phone mobile operating system and to move forward in its transformation into a devices and services company.
Former Nokia CEO Stephen Elop and now the head of Microsoft's devices group had said then that he didn't see the Nokia name sticking around for long at Microsoft.
Elop had said that Nokia as a brand will not be used for long going forward and that work was underway to select the go-forward smartphone brand.

Starbucks Baristas Fight To Show Tattoosreddit
Starbucks barista need to keep their sleeves down if they have any tattoos.  (AP Photo/Rick Bowmer)
Starbucks baristas who've long been forced to hide their tattoos may soon be able to show off their ink.
In an internal email to employees last week , Starbucks said that it's reviewing its dress code, including its long-standing policy forbidding workers from displaying their tattoos. The move comes as baristas mobilize against the coffee chain, demanding the freedom to let their tattoos be seen. A petition to overturn Starbucks' tattoo policy has gathered nearly 23,000 signatures since Aug. 20.
Kristie Williams, a 25-year-old mother who works at a Starbucks in Atlanta, started the petition because covering her tattoo caused constant discomfort. Williams has a tattoo of her 2-year-old daughter’s name, Summer Blythe, written in cursive up her left forearm. When the air conditioner in her Starbucks went out in the middle of the Georgia summer, she had to suffer the oppressive heat in her long-sleeved shirt.
“The day I buy my first short-sleeved shirt will definitely be a great day,” said Williams. “I know personally I could work better and faster if I wasn’t sweating and fussing with my sleeves all the time at work in order to hide my tattoo.”
Starbucks requires its workers to wear black or white collared or turtleneck shirts with “professional” black or khaki trousers, shorts or skirts, according to copies of the employee manual posted on the blog Starbucks Melody . Hair and nails must be kept clean. Facial hair must be neatly trimmed. Perfumes and aftershave aren't permitted. Earrings are restricted to a maximum of two per ear, and all other piercings are banned.
In July, a Starbucks in suburban Detroit reportedly threatened to fire a five-year employee if she didn't remove the outline of a heart tattooed on her hand, according to Fox affiliate WJBK . It is unclear whether the woman, identified only as Kayla, was fired.
Starbucks did not respond to a request for comment.
Sara Frandsen, a 25-year-old who worked at a Starbucks near Amazon’s campus in Seattle, said she had to wear long sleeves to cover a tattoo of roses on her right arm and one of characters from the video game “Legend of Zelda” on her left arm. The outfit choice was unsanitary, she said, because the cloth shirt soaked up milk and syrup as she worked.
“It looks really unappetizing when you’re helping a customer and your arms are covered in milk, but you can’t roll up your sleeves because, heaven forbid, they see your tattoos,” she told HuffPost in an interview on Friday. “You’re never going to make everyone happy, but I feel like most customers don’t go into coffee shops expecting robots to serve them.”
Frandsen quit last October after seven months with the company. Soon after, she started a new job as a barista at a mom-and-pop coffee and ice cream shop, where she said tattoos and piercings are the norm among her colleagues.
“It’s expected today for baristas to be young, hip, alternative-looking kids,” said Frandsen.
In August, Starbucks vowed to change its scheduling policy to give workers more regular schedules and prevent them from having to work back-to-back closing and opening shifts. Workers’ groups, however, said that the changes would not do enough to help struggling parents.
More:

Ask Matt: Should I buy Yahoo to get AlibabaAP
Q: Should I buy Yahoo (YHOO) to get Alibaba?
A: Investors who never dreamed about buying Yahoo are considering now. But it has nothing to do with Yahoo, but rather, the fact the Internet company owns 22.4% of Alibaba.
Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba is expected to launch what’s looking to be the biggest initial public offering in U.S. history. The company plans to sell 320.1 million shares at upwards of $66 a share, potentially resulting in a $21.1 billion windfall. Yahoo is grabbing for a roughly $8 billion piece of that Alibaba prize by selling a portion of its 22.4% stake. If investors buy into Yahoo they will get a claim to that Alibaba cash, says Scott Kessler, analyst at S&P Capital IQ. He points out that Yahoo’s take stake in Alibaba is worth an estimated $37 billion, which isn’t far from the entire company’s market value of $42.6 billion. Additionally, the company still would retain about 16% of Alibaba after the sale.
But the problem is that the market is aware of all this and appears to have priced it into the stock. The average Yahoo analyst has a price target of $40 on the stock, which is roughly 5% above the current price. The upside to Yahoo hinges on Alibaba’s IPO being sold to investors at prices well above the expected range, which is pure speculation.
USA TODAY markets reporter Matt Krantz answers a different reader question every weekday. To submit a question, e-mail Matt at mkrantz@usatoday.com or on Twitter @mattkrantz.

Monsters versus midgetsTweet
REUTERS The big picture China has 300 million online shoppers
Likening Indian players to Alibaba is like comparing beetles to a T-Rex. China’s e-comm market is 20 times bigger than India’s
September 14, 2014:  
As Alibaba has found eager takers for its $24 billion Initial Public Offer (IPO) in the US, this has added a few more bubbles to the frothy valuations of e-commerce companies in India. If China’s largest online retailer can be valued at over $160 billion, hopeful investors are asking, isn’t India’s very own Alibaba-in-waiting — Flipkart — dirt-cheap at $7 billion? And shouldn’t smaller e-tailers such as Snapdeal be worth a few billions more?
The answer today is a clear ‘No’. Indian e-commerce players, and the market itself, have miles to traverse before they can pit themselves against the Chinese giant.
As of now, comparing Indian e-commerce platforms to Alibaba is like comparing a beetle to a T-Rex. Just consider the numbers.
If social media companies derive their market mojo from the number of active users, e-commerce companies derive theirs from Gross Merchandise Volume (GMV). GMV is a fancy term for the total value of goods and services that change hands on the platform.
Now, Alibaba which owns China’s largest online bazaars such as TaoBao and Tmall, reported a GMV of $296 billion in the year to June 2014. In comparison, Flipkart celebrated an annual GMV of $1 billion in March 2014 (it hopes this will rise to $3 billion in three years).
Simply put, Alibaba is nearly 300 times bigger than Flipkart. Thus, Alibaba is seeking a market value of half its GMV, while Flipkart, going by the recent round of funding, is already valued at 7 times its GMV.
This is not Flipkart’s fault. It’s a function of the tiny e-commerce marketplace in India.
While China’s e-commerce market is pegged at over $500 billion, India’s currently stands at a minuscule $10 billion. What is more, ticketing and travel sites take up the lion’s share of this market while retailing of books, fashion apparel, electronic goods and other wares online is worth just $2.3 billion.
Minuscule market
Yes, this sliver of the market is growing fast. But it will have to expand at least a hundredfold before it gets anywhere near China’s. A key reason for the Indian online market’s small size is the country’s poor internet penetration. According to World Bank, while 45 per cent of the Chinese have access to the internet, only 15 per cent of Indians do.
What is more, though India has an estimated 243 million internet users (according to the Internet and Mobile Association of India), thanks to abysmal speed, poor quality connections and concerns about online security, less than a tenth of these users actually buy or sell anything online.
This compares to China’s 300 million online shoppers.
Growth in the domestic e-commerce market is directly dependent on how fast internet connections are added and also on whether these offer a good enough experience for more shoppers to brave online buying.
Where are the profits?
Profitability is yet another reason why Indian e-commerce companies cannot hold a candle to the Chinese leviathan. While leading online retailers in India are mostly loss-making, Alibaba is hugely and visibly profitable.
For the year ended March 2014, the Chinese e-tailer reported $8.45 billion in revenues and $3.75 billion in profits, earning a mouth-watering profit margin of 44 per cent. This kind of profitability, mixed with the heady growth possibilities of e-commerce, makes for a potent mocktail for global investors.
After all, profits are a rarity in the global internet space, with social media companies only now figuring out how to monetise their user numbers. At its IPO price, each Alibaba share is priced at about 35 times its annual earnings. Financial metrics, combined with the size of the Chinese online market, are the reasons why global investors have pronounced the IPO a steal.
Computing a similar price-earnings multiple for Flipkart would be impossible; its numbers are not in the public domain and it is still reported to be making losses.
With the market itself in a fledgling state, Indian e-tailers are still in the process of figuring out a business model that can turn a profit from booming sales.
Today, the country’s online shoppers are spoilt for choice with shopping sites offering deep discounts, liberal 30-day exchange policies and cash-on-delivery deals.
Online retailers such as Flipkart have sworn by the managed marketplace model, where they don’t just offer a platform for the buyer and seller to meet, but also create the warehousing infrastructure and supply chain to deliver the goods on time to the buyer.
While all this is great for consumers and for market expansion, it isn’t great for the retailers whose bottomlines are liberally bespattered with red. Bruising competition in the sector, which has drawn in global players such as Amazon and eBay, may not allow home-grown players to ease up on the discounts or advertising splurge anytime soon; preventing them from breaking even for some time to come.
Mind the model
In contrast, with its near-monopoly in the Chinese market (some attribute this to friends in high places), Alibaba has got its business model all figured out. TaoBao, its eBay-like arm which allows consumers to buy and sell goods to each other, holds a staggering 80 per cent share of its market.
This kind of dominance automatically rakes in large advertising revenues. TMall, the online retail arm, holds a 51 per cent market share. It allows businesses to set up mini-malls on its site and charges them a fixed commission on all sales.
The sheer number of buyers and sellers who have already signed up on these sites creates a formidable entry barrier to keep out new rivals. Assured revenue streams have in fact helped Alibaba stick to a pure marketplace model, where it spends nothing on logistics or storage, but rakes in the moolah every time a buyer or seller logs on.
In fact, the only point of vulnerability for Alibaba (and it isn’t a small one), is its rather questionable governance practices, made worse by its convoluted structure.
Investors who buy shares in the firm’s IPO will essentially not get to directly own shares in Alibaba’s thriving retail business. Instead they will be buying into a Cayman Island-based holding company which holds ‘interests’ in Alibaba’s diverse businesses.
But then this chink in Alibaba’s armour is cold comfort to investors stacking it up against Indian e-tailers. The regulatory framework for the Indian e-commerce sector is just beginning to evolve.
The ban on Foreign Direct Investments (FDI) in retail has already forced players to house their shareholding and accept funding via Singapore-based arms.
This is yet another risk that e-commerce enthusiasts have to factor in before betting big on the emergence of a desi Alibaba.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
Related

Yes  old can be goldTweet
We need a more nuanced approach to the issue of retirement, whether in the public or private sector
The Reserve Bank of India’s move to raise the age of retirement for heads of private sector banks, as well as CEOs and other whole-time directors, from 65 to 70 years is welcome. By doing so, it has aligned the provisions of the Banking Regulation Act with the new Companies Act. The move has paved the way for several major private sector banks to continue with their current and extremely successful chief executives. However, by leaving out public sector banks (PSBs) from the purview of this order, the banking regulator has only partially addressed the issue. Since PSB chiefs (and whole-time directors) are treated on par with their counterparts in government, they continue to retire at the age of 60. This has led to a severe shortage of talent in PSBs. Public sector banks are struggling to cope with the problems caused by the loss of experienced hands, not just at the helm — as many as six PSB chiefs are retiring between now and the end of the current fiscal — but more critically, at the operational level. A study by consultancy major McKinsey estimated that 87 per cent of general managers/executive vice-presidents of public sector banks would have retired by 2016-17, and 100 per cent (of those currently in that rank) would be gone by 2020. Any industry will find it difficult to cope with that level of loss of talent and experience.
The Centre should revisit the issue of the age of retirement, other than in areas where experience does not count for much or where physical fitness (the armed forces for example) is a critical factor. A low age of retirement made some sense in a time when a near-stagnant economy was unable to create enough jobs, forcing the Government to become the largest employer. The growth and structure of employment remain a matter of serious concern, but the increased longevity of the population as a whole demands a more nuanced approach to the issue of retirement.
One may argue that advancing age diminishes a person’s capacity to effectively discharge his or her functions, but there’s no evidence to suggest that younger people in leadership roles perform better than their older counterparts. There is no denying that younger people can bring fresh ideas and new energy to a business. But one must remember that Warren Buffett and Rupert Murdoch are in their 80s and still running successful mega enterprises. There are several functions where experience incrementally adds to knowledge, like the judiciary or academia. Ideally, the age at which the head of a business retires should remain within the purview of the shareholders of that business. If they feel that their business interests are being effectively pursued by the person in charge, they should be allowed to continue.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
Related

Scotland holds the fate of British financeSeptember 14, 2014 4:57 pm
Scotland holds the fate of British finance in its hands
By Chris Cummings
©AP
The people of Scotland will shortly decide the fate of the UK. The implications are far bigger than the immediate issue of how a newly independent Scotland may choose to run its economy. Much of the UK’s and Scotland’s prosperity is founded on financial services, an industry that is the country’s biggest taxpayer, its largest export earner and one that attracts more foreign direct investment than any other sector. Edinburgh is the nation’s second City for finance. The spine that joins London to Edinburgh supports 2m jobs across the country.
The closeness of recent opinion polls has led to statements about the precautions companies must now put in place in case Scots vote Yes to independence. This is prudent, and the 177,000 people in Scotland who work in the financial and related professional services sector also need to know what is at stake. These jobs are in banking , insurance and asset management, as well as in the supporting services of accountancy, consultancy and the law. Banking employs more than 40,000 people in Scotland, and related professions employ more than 80,000.
More
Thane Gustafson Russia cannot escape Europe
A Yes vote would reverberate across the rest of the UK and raise questions about its attractiveness to inward investors. Financial services attracts more foreign direct investment than any other sector. Since 2007 foreign groups have invested about £100bn in UK financial companies. Investors are drawn here because of our competitive advantages: timezone, language, rule of law, openness to migration and a business culture that welcomes international ownership. Beyond these factors businesses want ready access to talented people and the ability to expand their operations as business prospers. Scotland’s expertise in financial services has always been a boon to UK-wide inward investment. Companies that once moved jobs offshore are being enticed back. Major international banks, as well as younger and smaller players, can base themselves in London but take advantage of the quality of people and operating costs that Scotland has offered by operating within the same country with no thought needed for issues of tax, regulation and currency.
Competition for foreign direct investment is fierce. Across the world governments want to create new international financial centres. They emulate London because of the economic benefits it brings and the high-value jobs it captures. A break-up would naturally weaken the UK and strengthen our competitors. Much of our appeal comes because we operate in a single market, not just in the UK but across Europe . All our energies should be devoted to reinforcing and strengthening this single market – not in disrupting it.

Improvise - Great Leaders Say Yes Firstreddit
The Power of Yes!
We all improvise, every day. Every time we deal with an unexpected setback in the office or collaborate on a great project, we are using behaviors grounded in improvisation.
When leaders exhibit improvisational behaviors (such as flexibility, positivity and humor) people connect with them. Leaders build trust with their teams when they are positive, and those teams in turn, engage and want to perform.
By definition, improvisation is an art form that allows performers to create in the moment, without script, score or plan. When an improv comedy troupe takes the stage, or a jazz musician starts riffing, no one really knows what will happen next.
Why should we care? Improv is about high performance despite lack of resources (no costumes or props), managing risk and thinking in the moment (handling the audience reactions), and collaborating in the moment for a positive outcome. Now if that doesn't describe a day at the office, I don't know what does!
These sorts of behaviors can be learned. As we develop our current and emerging leaders, it's critical to introduce the ideas of flexibility, thinking on your feet, collaboration and acceptance. First, let's dig into the principle that allows improvisers to be so brilliant in the moment.
Yes! Space
Know why an improv troupe never needs a script? Because we've agreed to say "Yes" to every contribution. Whenever someone adds an element to the show, "There's a lion over there!" the entire group onstage reacts and accepts that yes, there is a lion over there. That immediate acceptance is counter to statistical adult responses. We tend to disagree, play the devil's advocate, or look for issues first. That makes people feel as though they are not valued, shuts down interaction and kills collaboration.
Agreement however, opens people up. By voicing the word yes, you are saying yes to possibility. Yes is not a literal commitment, as in "Yes, we will." It is a commitment to considering a possibility, as in "Yes, we could." This means that every idea or contribution is considered valid. In improv, the improviser's belief that every idea is valid also assumes that every person is valid. It is imperative to acknowledge an idea's existence and importance by saying yes to both the idea and the person. Saying yes becomes a reflex for improvisers, and it can become a reflex for you and your leaders.
Case Study
One of my clients, a global architecture firm, was having disastrous results from their charrettes (design reviews). After getting feedback in the review, the designers walked away, trashed all of their work and started over. Can you imagine how much that cost in service fees and lost budget?! In examining why, one leader realized it was because the designers were only receiving negative feedback. Their assumption was that everything was bad, so they kept starting over, when actually, many aspects of their designs were good. The issue? No one ever told them, "Yes! That part of your design is great."
Leadership instituted 10 minutes of Yes! Space at the beginning of every charrette. Reviewers could only discuss the positive aspects of the designs first. Leaders saw an immediate change not only in the preservation of work (and many thousands of dollars saved in design time) but also in the attitude of designers. They became excited and engaged in the process again. And isn't that the holy grail of development today - figuring out how to engage people in their work and encourage them to give discretionary effort?
Now What?
It's so simple yet revolutionary. Event organizers always ask me how I get such high levels of engagement from the groups I facilitate.
I say Yes. That's how I do it.
Whenever someone contributes, the first word out of my mouth is yes. The group learns that it is safe to share - they won't be criticized or ignored and interaction skyrockets. Even if the comment is negative or difficult, I say, "Yes, I hear your concerns. Tell us more about that." When people are greeted with agreement, even if in the end their idea doesn't work out, they will come back again to engage.
Karen Hough is the Founder and CEO of ImprovEdge , an Amazon #1 bestselling author and contributor to the Huffington Post. Her second, award-winning book, " Be the Best Bad Presenter Ever: Break the Rules, Make Mistakes and Win Them Over " is now available from publisher Berrett-Koehler. She is the recipient of the Stevie International Silver Award for Most Innovative Company of the Year and the Athena PowerLink Award for outstanding woman-owned business. She is a Yale graduate and international speaker.
Follow Karen Hough on Twitter: www.twitter.com/KarenHough
More:

Alibaba is coming: Should you buy itAlibaba is coming: Should you buy it?
By Jesse Solomon   @JesseSolomonCNN September 15, 2014: 10:10 AM ET
 
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
The hottest party of the year is near.
Chinese e-commerce behemoth Alibaba is vying to raise up to $24 billion in what could be the largest IPO in history. Since last week, company executives have been on the road trying to convince mutual fund managers, hedge fund titans, and wealthy individuals that for between $60 and $66 per share, Alibaba is even better than Facebook.
And the demand from these big time investors is huge, according to reports.
Related: Alibaba 101: The biggest IPO of all time
But what about mom and pop investors...Should they get in on the action?
Successful IPOs can mean big windfalls for ordinary people who get in early, but they can also be bad news if the company's fortunes turn or the underwriters price the offering too high.
Here are the main things to consider in the Alibaba IPO:
1. Ali-who? Unlike other hot technology IPOs in recent years such as Facebook ( FB , Tech30 )and Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 ), Alibaba is still largely unheard of in the United States.
"I'd say frankly most U.S. investors don't have a lot of familiarity or experience with using the company's platforms and properties," said Scott Kessler, head of technology research at S&P Capital IQ.
But the company is a big deal. It's often described as a mix of eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ), Amazon ( AMZN , Tech30 ), and everything in between. It has around 280 million annual users and delivered 6.1 billion packages in the 12 months that ended June 30th. That accounts for roughly half of all packages delivered in China over that period. Each user orders over 50 packages each year, the company claims.
Related: 7 things Alibaba users can do
2. So how profitable is it? Unlike other much-hyped technology firms such as Twitter, Alibaba is actually profitable. In a regulatory filing last month, the company said it tripled its profit to nearly $2 billion in the most recent quarter.
While there were concerns earlier in the year that revenue wasn't growing fast enough, Alibaba has since indicated that mobile advertising sales, a key growth engine in new media, doubled from the previous quarter , That's compared to Facebook IPO, which at the time of its public debut hadn't yet convinced investors of its ability to monetize mobile.
3. Is there an Alibaba precedent? Yes and no. On one hand, Aliaba's sheer size and scope makes it unlike anything Wall Street has ever seen. On the other, there are other Chinese internet stocks trading in the U.S that provide potential insight into the sector.
One example in JD.com ( JD ), an online electronics retailer similar to Alibaba that's surged over 50% since its May IPO.
Kessler also points out that Chinese search engine Baidu ( BIDU , Tech30 ) has performed incredibly well since its 2005 IPO. Like Alibaba, the company isn't well-known outside of China.
4. There's always a 'but': Of course, there are risks with any IPO, and Alibaba is no different. For one, shareholders might not get much of a say in how the company is run since it has a strange corporate structure that keeps its co-founder Jack Ma firmly in control.
There's also growing alarm about counterfeit goods making their way onto Alibaba. The company says it maintains strict control measures to weed out fake products, but piracy is a problem in China, and Alibaba said in the filing that it could be subject to lawsuits and bad publicity over allegations or findings of counterfeit items.
Finally, there's some worry about Alibaba's aggressive acquisition streak in a range of industries including a local soccer club . Last month, the company revealed accounting irregularities at its recently-bought film division, causing some to wonder whether the firm is doing proper due diligence as it snaps up new ventures.
Related: Alibaba strikes deal to stream "Mad Men"
5. The end game: Ultimately, buying into Alibaba is a bet on China, a country with 1.3 billion people and a rapidly growing consumer middle class.
To put it in perspective, Alibaba did $5.8 billion in sales on "Singles Day" last year, which is biggest the shopping holiday in China. That's almost five times what Americans spent on all websites on Black Friday.
That may only be the tip of the iceberg. China has an internet population of around 600 million users, and while that sounds like a lot, it's still considered "under penetrated," according to research cited by Alibaba in its regulatory filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. China could have over 790 million users by the end of 2016, the data suggests.
"I think most investors still look at China as a place where there is significant long term growth," Kessler said. "And e-commerce would seem to have the makings of an opportunity."
First Published: September 14, 2014: 10:13 PM ET
Most Popular

Heineken rejects SABMiller takeover bidHeineken rejects takeover in bid to stay independent
By Sophia Yan   @sophia_yan September 15, 2014: 6:00 AM ET
 
Beer CEO: U.S., Europe are tough markets
HONG KONG (CNNMoney)
Heineken has rejected a takeover bid from beer giant SABMiller, saying it hopes to remain independent despite widespread consolidation in the beer industry.
Heineken ( HEINY ), which also produces Amstel, Tecate and Dos Equis, has been controlled by its founding family since 1864, and is Europe's largest brewer by volume.
The Dutch brewer said in a statement that it hopes to preserve the company's "heritage and identity" by remaining independent.
Heineken is an attractive takeover target in an industry that has seen major consolidation in recent years as Anheuser-Busch InBev ( AHBIF ) and SABMiller ( SBMRF )have used mergers and acquisitions to build beverage empires.
Related: The world's most popular beer is ...
AB InBev is currently the world's largest brewer, a status reinforced by its 2008 purchase of Anheuser-Busch .
The producer of Stella Artois, Corona and Budweiser owns or has a major stake in six of the world's top 10 beers by volume, and has continued to snap up brewers. Last year, regulators signed off on the company buying the rest of Grupo Modelo in a $20 billion deal.
Related: Get ready for craft beer with a Latin twist
In bidding for Heineken, it's likely that SABMiller was attempting to shield itself from a potential AB InBev takeover.
Together, Heineken and SABMiller would rival AB InBev in size and influence, and a merger could help lower distribution and brewing costs.
Heineken is likely to face additional pressure to agree to a sale in the future. Along with Molson Coors, the brewer is one of the few family-controlled firms left in the business.
First Published: September 15, 2014: 1:06 AM ET
Most Popular

Nasdaq eyes return to dotcom bubble levelNasdaq Composite eyes return to dotcom bubble level
By Michael Mackenzie and Nicole Bullock in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/589c9e68-3a98-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Total Devastation : Powerful Hurricane Slams Celebrity Resorttotal devastation : powerful hurricane slams celebrity resort
Venezuela: Defining default© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/56a2de74-3cb9-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Americas perpetual war on terror by any other nameAmerica’s perpetual war on terror by any other name
By Edward Luce
If you embark on something with your eyes half-open, you are likely to lose sight of reality
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8f850056-38ee-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Chinas rise is a credit to private enterpriseSeptember 15, 2014 10:09 am
China’s rise is a credit to private enterprise not state control
By Nicholas Lardy
Those who attribute it to the hidden hand of Beijing risk losing out, writes Nicholas Lardy
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/b14e3d58-38f6-11e4-a53b-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Walk or cycle to office for better mental healthUpdated: September 15, 2014 16:26 IST
Walk or cycle to office for better mental health
IANS
The Hindu Walk to work and feel better. File photo: V. Sudershan
TOPICS
health
Walking or cycling to work does not only save fuel but also leads to an improved psychological well-being.
According to a new study, people who stopped driving and started walking or cycling to work benefited from an improved well-being.
In particular, active commuters felt better able to concentrate and also felt less strain than if they travelled by car.
“You might think that things like disruption of services or crowds of commuters might have been a cause of considerable stress. But as buses or trains also give people time to relax, read and socialise and there is usually an associated walk to the bus stop or railway station that appears to cheer people up,” explained lead researcher Adam Martin from the University of East Anglia Norwich Medical School.
The team studied 18 years of data on almost 18,000 commuters in age group 18-65 in Britain.
The data allowed them to look at multiple aspects of psychological health including feelings of worthlessness, unhappiness, sleepless nights and being unable to face problems.
“Our findings show that the longer people spend commuting in cars, the worse their psychological well-being. And correspondingly, people feel better when they have a longer walk to work,” Martin noted.
The study appeared in the journal Preventive Medicine.

Silver vulnerable to bearish actionSilver vulnerable to bearish action
By Jamie Chisholm
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c2af3a30-3cab-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Fortis Healthcare shares up 6% on overseas unit saleFortis Healthcare shares climb over 6% on overseas unit sale
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 17:25 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of Fortis Healthcare ended over 6 per cent higher on Monday as the company said it will divest 100 per cent stake in healthcare service provider RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for SGD 137 million (over Rs 655 crore).
After surging 11.65 per cent to Rs 136 - its 52-week high in intra-day trade, shares of Fortis Healthcare trimmed some of the gains finally ended at Rs 129.40, up 6.24 per cent on the BSE .
At the NSE, the scrip rose by 6.19 per cent to settle at Rs 129.45.
On the volume front, 10.92 lakh shares of the company changed hands at the BSE, while over 51 lakh shares were traded at the NSE during the day.
"Fortis Healthcare Singapore Private Ltd, a subsidiary of Fortis Healthcare International Private Ltd, one of our step-down subsidiaries in Singapore, announced its decision to divest 100 per cent shareholding in RadLink-Asia Private Ltd and its subsidiaries, 'RadLink', Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates Ltd, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of IHH Healthcare Berhad, for SGD 137,000,000," Fortis Healthcare had said in a statement on Friday.
The deal will be successfully closed following the necessary statutory and regulatory approvals as per local requirements, it had said.
RadLink is engaged in providing healthcare services, including outpatient diagnostic and molecular imaging services in Singapore, Fortis Healthcare had said.

US Manufacturing Output Falls 0.4 Percent in August  First Decline Since January; Autos DipPeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

11 profit-machine stocks conk outProfits soar yet stocks fall at 11 companies
By: Matt Krantz September 15, 2014 8:00 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
EMAIL
Photo: USA TODAY
Investors have no trouble understanding when stocks get slammed if they don’t deliver earnings growth. But what about stocks that get hammered even when the companies are putting up better-than-average profit growth and are expected to be profit machines?
It’s not common, but it’s happening. There are 11 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500, including Cabot Oil (COG) , GameStop (GME) and Fossil Group (FOSL) that are down 10% or more this year despite the companies expected to post 10% or stronger adjusted earnings growth this calendar year, according to a USA TODAY review of stocks from S&P Capital IQ.
These stocks are fighting an uphill battle with investor perception as they’re expected to deliver profit growth, but not getting any credit for it. It’s a harsh reality are today’s markets where company’s fundamentals may meet or even beat those of the broad market, but sometimes the stock doesn’t keep up because investors fear some external shock.
The 10% or better earnings growth expected from these companies this year well outstrips the 7.9% earnings growth expected for the S&P 500 as a whole this year, says S&P Capital IQ. And yet, the S&P 500 is up more than 8% this year, while these stocks are down more than 10%.
Many of these stocks that are down despite expected higher earnings expectations are getting hit by the perception there could be trouble ahead. Perhaps the best example is Fossil, which makes accessories including watches. Shares of the stock are underpressure, falling more than 14%, even though analysts see earnings growing 10% this year. Among the risk factors: The fear that smartwatches might eat into Fossil’s once-lucrative watch franchise. The company has yet to make any motions to partner with a technology company to offer a smartwatch of its own. It’s hard to say if the fear is real — but investors often trade on perception, not immediate facts.
Chart source: MSN Money
Similarly, shares of GameStop have fallen 11.5% this year, despite analysts predicting nearly 23% earnings growth in calendar 214. Again, investors have been bearish on the stock on the idea that low-cost smartphone games would eat into GameStop’s business. And the rise of downloadable games, too, is a long term risk. But the company appears to be finding ways to keep earnings growing.
Chart source: MSN Money
Clearly, the analysts are perhaps being overly optimistic. All but one of the stocks, Transocean (RIG) are rated “outperform” or “buy.” And if analysts are being too postiive, maybe investors are wise to severely discount these stocks as they’re doing. But then again, maybe investors should be less worried about what could happen, and focus on what’s likely to happen.
Below are the 11 stocks in the Standard & Poor’s 500 with stocks down 10% or more than year despite being expected to post 10% or greater adjusted earnings growth this year:
Company

Stocks Open Lower Ahead of Fed MeetingPeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

California wildfires prompt more than 1 000 residents to evacuateBy Abby Ohlheiser September 15 Follow @abbyohlheiser
Wildfires are raging through drought-plagued Northern California, forcing mandatory evacuations for hundreds of residents. (Reuters)
About 1,000 California residents and visitors were evacuated from the path of a raging wildfire on Sunday, just weeks after an earlier blaze destroyed eight homes in the area.
The Bass Lake-area fire, which started on Sunday, did what the earlier, less destructive Junction Fire didn’t: The flames crossed over a ridge and into a neighborhood, prompting the widespread evacuations in the area, the Los Angeles Times reported .
The California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection says the Courtney Fire covers 320 acres and is 20 percent contained.
Firefighters are now drawing water from Bass Lake, a popular recreation area near Yosemite National Park , in order to help fight the fire, the Times added. Firefighters are also air dropping retardant on the blaze.
According to the Fresno Bee’s report , there was little warning for some residents who lost their homes.
Seventy-two-year-old Jon Cunningham, the Bee reported, smelled the fire and saw the orange sky.
Cunningham told his wife there was a fire coming. Then he turned and saw the black smoke coming from the other side of the mountain.
“My wife and I looked back and saw our backyard was burning,” he said. “So we didn’t take much time. She drove one car, I drove the other car and we just left.”
The couple grabbed what they could: one suitcase each, a computer and some business records.
Photo albums, handmade furniture, a 1930s piano, tools and everything else stayed behind and burned.
Cunningham’s three-bedroom, two-bath house on Pine Drive is now ashes.
Jon Cunningham looks at the destruction near where his house burned in Oakhurst, Calif., on Sunday. (Mark Crosse/The Fresno Bee via Associated Press)
At least 21 structures are already damaged or destroyed from the blaze in Oakhurst near Yosemite National Park in Northern California. Cal Fire Battalion Chief Chris Christopherson told the Bee that the losses were “gut-wrenching,” adding: “It makes you sick.”
The Courtney Fire is just one of several blazes burning across the state. A second fire, the King Fire, burned at least 3,000 square miles of heavy timber in El Dorado County over the weekend, the Sacramento Bee reported . More than 100 homes were evacuated, with another 400 still threatened, according to the Associated Press .
That fire is 10 percent contained .
The Silverado Fire in the southern part of the state forced the evacuation of 200 homes. That evacuation order is now lifted, and the fire is 50 percent contained .
A burned truck and smoldering ruins in Oakhurst, Calif., on Sunday. (Mark Crosse/The Fresno Bee via Associated Press)
An air tanker drops fire retardant on a fire burning in Oakhurst, Calif., on Sunday. (Mark Crosse/The Fresno Bee via Associated Press)
Firefighters douse flames from an outbuilding next to a structure that burned in Oakhurst, Calif., on Sunday. (Mark Crosse/The Fresno Bee via Associated Press)
Abby Ohlheiser is a general assignment reporter for The Washington Post.

New algorithm could help cheetah robot outrun humans soonBy Rachel Feltman September 15 Follow @rachelfeltman
It looks more like a hunchbacked dog or a short, portly buffalo, but by current robotics standards this MIT creation is a pretty sleek approximation of a cheetah.
But what makes this bot so cheetah-like isn't the shape of its metal frame. Thanks to a new algorithm, the robot also moves like earth's fastest land animal. Sort of.
Cheetahs reach their impressive speeds ( a maximum of about 60 miles per hour) by "bounding," or pumping their back legs in tandem. To get a robot to move the same way, engineers had to program its legs not just to hit the ground at the exact same time, but to exert specific amounts of force on the ground. The higher the force, the faster the bound propels the robot -- but only if the limbs are in sync.
Right now the robot can achieve speeds of around 10 mph and jump just over a foot without losing speed. It can also handle bumpy and uneven terrain, which many robots wouldn't be able to balance on, let alone bound right through. In time, the researchers say, the design could reach speeds of 30 mph. That's faster than our quickest human sprinter on record, so let's hope that MIT is working on making these cheetahs friendly, too.
 

Wall St. falls  weighed by tech sharesDow, S&P 500 end at records after U.S. data, Intel outlook
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Tech shares gave the market its biggest lift, along with energy. Boosting all three major indexes, Intel shares jumped 4.7 percent to $35.95, hitting their highest level since January 2002, after its 2015 revenue outlook was above Wall Street's expectations and the company raised its dividend.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
The S&P technology index rose 0.6 percent, while the energy index gained 1.1 percent.
Further supporting stocks, data showed factory activity in the U.S. mid-Atlantic region grew at its fastest pace in two decades, U.S. home resales jumped to their highest in more than a year in October, and a gauge of future U.S. economic activity gained.
Growth in the economy and earnings should bode well for stocks heading into next year, said Margaret Patel, senior portfolio manager at Wells Capital Management.
"Next year will be a reasonable to maybe a surprisingly good year," she said. "(There is) no reason in the world why we can't see P/Es expand." Patel said stocks could rise by a mid single-digit to high-teens percentage next year.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 33.27 points, or 0.19 percent, to 17,719, a record close. The S&P 500 gained 4.03 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,052.75, its 44th record high this year.
The Nasdaq Composite added 26.16 points, or 0.56 percent, to 4,701.87.
The Philadelphia Fed area "isn't a hub of industrial activity anymore but it's still important and it's strong," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group.
The upbeat U.S. data offset weakness overseas, including euro zone business growth that was slower than expected this month.
Best Buy added 7 percent to $38.02, among the S&P's largest percentage gainers, after better-than-expected profit.
Among the top Nasdaq decliners was Keurig Green Mountain, down 7.4 percent at $142.50, a day after it forecast fiscal first-quarter profit below analysts' estimates.
After the bell, Gap shares fell 4.9 percent to $38.19 following its results. Gap shares ended the regular session up 1.5 percent.
About 5.7 billion shares traded on U.S. exchanges, compared below 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 2,013 to 1,025, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,824 issues rose and 893 fell for a 2.04-to-1 ratio.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)

Sebi eases governance norms  extends woman director deadlineSebi eases governance norms, extends woman director deadline
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 21:06 IST
To ease process of implementing stronger corporate governance norms by listed firms, regulator Sebi on Monday eased various provisions of the new law, especially for smaller companies, and extended the deadline for appointing at least one woman director to April 1, 2015.
Changes have been made to the new regulatory regime, which would come into effect from next month, following numerous representations received by the regulator with regard to these regulations that would vastly change the way listed companies function and are regulated in the country.
While amendments have been made to various provisions of this Corporate Governance Code to align them with the relevant sections of the new Companies Act, the deadline would remain unchanged at October 1, 2014, except for requirement of a minimum one woman director on the boards of listed companies.
The listed companies would have time till April 1 next year to comply with the woman director-related provision.
Sebi has also exempted smaller companies-those having equity share capital of up to Rs 10 crore and networth not exceeding Rs 25 crore, as also listed on SME platforms of the stock exchanges-from the mandatory compliance to the new Code "for the time being".
Among others, the proposed regulations related to tenure of independent directors, as also the definition and exemption from mandatory prior approval for certain related party transactions, have also been amended to align them with the Companies Act.
Announcing the changes, Sebi said it has "received representations from market participants including companies and industry associations, highlighting certain practical difficulties in ensuring compliance, seeking clarifications on interpretation of certain provisions and suggesting various options to ease the process of implementation."
These issues were examined and discussed in the Primary Market Advisory Committee of Sebi and "in order to address the above mentioned concerns and facilitate the listed companies to ensure compliance with the provisions of the revised Clause 49 (which deals with the Corporate Governance norms at listed companies), it has been decided to make certain amendments to Clause 49," the regulator said.
The new corporate governance norms were proposed after detailed discussions by Sebi and with concerned stakeholders for over a year and had prescribed stronger regulations for listed companies than those prescribed under the Companies Act for general classes of companies.
Since implementation of the new Companies Act with effect from April 1, 2014, the Ministry of Corporate Affairs has issued various circulars on matters related to Corporate Governance clarifying certain provisions of the new law.
These include clarification on rules relating to appointment and qualification of directors and independent directors, matters relating to related party transactions, and the rules governing meetings of board and its powers.
These amendments and clarifications have been taken into account by Sebi also to make necessary changes in the new norms. Besides, Sebi had also sought earlier this year the status of preparedness of top 500 listed companies by market capitalization for ensuring timely compliance with the new corporate governance norms.
According to the new norms, related party transactions entered into between two government companies and between a holding company and its wholly owned subsidiary would not be applicable for prior approval from audit committee.
Moreover, Sebi has allowed an audit committee to "grant omnibus approval" for related party transactions proposed to be entered into by the company subject to certain conditions.
For the same the audit committee would have to lay down the criteria "for granting the omnibus approval in line with the policy on related party transactions of the company and such approval shall be applicable in respect of transactions which are repetitive in nature".
Among others, the committee would also have to satisfy itself the need for such omnibus approval and that whether such approval is in the interest of the company and would have review atleast every quarter the details of transactions entered pursuant to the approval.
On modifications with regard to tenure of independent director, Sebi said that "the maximum tenure of independent directors shall be in accordance with the Companies Act, 2013 and clarifications/ circulars issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs, in this regard, from time to time."
Under the Act, an independent director can have a maximum of two tenures of five consecutive years (a total of ten years), with a cooling off period of three years.
Other than this, the watchdog has said that the terms and conditions of appointment of the independent directors have to be placed on the website of the company as against the earlier norms that required firms to disclose the letter of appointment along with the detailed profile of the director.
Besides, it has also asked the firms to disclose the details of "familiarisation programmes" for independent directors and policy on dealing with related party transactions not only in the company's annual report but also their respective website and a web link.
Additionally, Sebi has brought in norms that allow the chairperson of the company to be appointed in the nomination and remuneration committee. However, the chairperson is not permitted to chair such a committee.
Sebi also noted that the risk management committee would be constituted by the firm "through its board of directors".
"The majority of Committee shall consist of members of the Board of Directors" and "Senior executives of the company may be members of the said Committee but the Chairman of the Committee shall be a member of the Board of Directors," Sebi said.
For norms on subsidiary companies, the market regulator has said that a company can dispose of shares in its material subsidiary without passing a special resolution in its general meeting in cases "where such divestment is made under a scheme of arrangement duly approved by a Court/Tribunal."
"Selling, disposing and leasing of assets amounting to more than 20 percent of the assets of the material subsidiary on an aggregate basis during a financial year shall require prior approval of shareholders by way of special resolution, unless the sale/disposal/lease is made under a scheme of arrangement duly approved by a Court/Tribunal," Sebi added.
Moreover, the norms would require companies to "formulate a policy for determining 'material' subsidiaries and such policy shall be disclosed to stock exchanges and in the annual report".
Meanwhile, the market regulator has done away with norms that require disclosure related to resignation of directors, disclosure of formal letter of appointment of independent director and certain disclosures like details of establishment of vigil mechanism in the annual report.

Has The Law Commission Done EnoughPublished on Mon, Sep 15,2014 | 19:39, Updated at Mon, Sep 15 at 19:39Source : Moneycontrol.com 
By: Vyapak Desai, Partner - Nishith Desai Associates
An analysis of the proposed amendments to Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996
Introduction:
The recent Law Commission Report is aimed at taking drastic and reform-oriented steps to bring Indian arbitration law at par with global standards and provide for an effective mechanism for resolving disputes with minimum court interference. Arbitration has emerged as the preferred option for resolving international commercial disputes and preserving business relationships. One of the main reasons why arbitration clauses are seen in international commercial contracts is that corporations and governmental entities engaged in international trade are simply not willing to litigate in the other party’s ‘home’ court/country. This is not just because of any perceived bias - there are also other advantages (e.g. neutrality, speedy resolution of dispute, choice of arbitral panel etc.). The other convincing reason lies in the treaty obligations that exist for enforcing arbitration awards across national boundaries. In contrast, it may be difficult to enforce a judgment of a court in another country as there are no multilateral treaties covering the reciprocal enforcement of court judgments. Insofar as India is concerned, it recognizes and has notified about 48 countries insofar as the recognition and enforcement of foreign arbitral awards is concerned. Comparatively, judgments passed only in about 11 countries are enforceable in India on a reciprocal basis.    
 
With exponential growth in cross-border commercial transactions and open-ended economic policies acting as a catalyst, there has been no dearth of international commercial disputes involving Indian parties. In 2012, Singapore International Arbitration Centre (“SIAC”) recorded a 25% growth in cases, and the highest number of filings was generated by mainland Chinese parties with India as close second. Other comparable arbitral institutions like London Court of International Arbitration (“LCIA”) and the International Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) have seen a huge rise in International Arbitration disputes involving Indian parties. So much so that LCIA, keeping long-term growth prospects in mind, have opened LCIA India, an arbitral institution based in New Delhi. SIAC opened its first overseas office in Mumbai in 2013. Clearly, India and Indian parties are on the international arbitration radar.   
The manner in which arbitration evolved under the Arbitration Act 1940 is a matter of legal folklore. Suffice it to say, dispute resolution was anything but speedy and efficient. The Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996 (“Act”) was promulgated with a view to bring in winds of change but fell into a chasm of its own. A number of decisions from the courts slowly but surely ensured that the preferred seat in any cross-border contract was always a heavily negotiated point and, more often than not, ended up being either Singapore, New York or London, the global arbitration centres. Foreign investors and corporates doing business in India were just not ready to risk the Indian legal system.  
This scenario is fast changing and the attitude of the Indian judiciary towards arbitration is rapidly moving towards India being an arbitration-friendly destination. Never before has one seen so many pro-arbitration rulings by Indian courts. From 2012 to 2014, the Indian Supreme Court has, amongst other decisions, declared the Indian arbitration law to be seat centric, removed Indian judiciary’s power to interfere with arbitrations seated outside India, referred non-parties to an arbitration agreement to settle disputes through arbitration, defined the scope of public policy in foreign seated arbitration, held that fraud is arbitrable (rather remarkably and may not necessarily be in line with judicial decorum) and has created a stir in the international community.
While the judiciary did play its part in turning a rather negative perception about Indian arbitration, keeping in tune with the spirits, recently ‘The Law Commission of India’s Report No. 246’ (“Law Commission Report”)[1] proposed amendments to the Act. The Law Commission Report intends improving the law relating to arbitration. One may recall that an attempt was made in 2010, wherein Ministry of Law and Justice had released a consultation paper suggesting certain amendments to the Act. In legal circles, it was felt that the consultation paper fell woefully short of addressing the shortcomings that the Act had thrown up in its relatively short life. Out of the ash that was the consultation paper, arose public debate and discussions which have now culminated into the Law Commission Report. The question now is, will the Law Commission Report also fail to meet the expectations? Or is it the medicine that the doctor ordered for Indian arbitration?
Highlights of the Law Commission Report:
A)    Key Changes in the definition of Act:
The Law Commission Report has suggested key changes in the definition of the Act. Broadly the same can be categorized as under:
1. Arbitral Tribunal:
The Law Commission has proposed inclusion of the term ‘Emergency Arbitrators’ under the definition of ‘Arbitral Tribunal[2]’. This is indeed significant and consistent with the approach taken by other arbitral institutions worldwide. Notably, SIAC and LCIA Rules provide for an Emergency Arbitrator[3] who is appointed for the limited purpose of granting urgent reliefs, within a stipulated time frame. Later, it is up to the arbitral tribunal when constituted to vary, confirm or reject the findings of the Emergency Arbitrator. The Law Commission Report, however, does not provide for the enforceability of interim orders passed by arbitral tribunals (both for emergency arbitrator and a duly constituted arbitral tribunal) in foreign seated arbitrations.  
2. Court:
The definition of ‘Court’ is proposed to be amended whereby in international commercial arbitration, jurisdiction is to be exercised by the High Court (as against a District Court). This proposal, should it be accepted, will work to impart a sense of confidence in parties to an international commercial arbitration where the nature of such contracts may require a judge with a commercial bent of mind, who see such and interpret such contracts more often and thus are better placed to deal with issues emanating from such contracts.
3. International Commercial Arbitration:
The term ‘…a company…’ has been proposed to be deleted from Section 2 (f) (iii) of the Act since the same is already covered under Section 2 (f) (ii) of the Act. The intention is to determine the residence of a company based on its place of incorporation, and not the place of central management/control. This further supports the ‘place of incorporation’ principle as laid down by the Supreme Court in TDM Infrastructure[4], and adds greater certainty in case of companies having a different place of incorporation and place of exercise of central management and control.
4. Seat of Arbitration:
The definition of ‘seat of arbitration’ is proposed to be incorporated so as to make ‘seat of arbitration’ distinct from venue of arbitration. Similarly, Section 20 of the Act has been proposed to be modified to bring in a clear distinction between ‘seat’ and ‘venue’ of arbitration. This is consistent with the law laid down by Supreme Court of India (“Supreme Court”) in Bharat Aluminium Co v. Kaiser Aluminium Technical Services[5], where the Court made Indian arbitration law seat-centric and also discussed the difference between seat and venue of arbitration. This proposed amendment is also in line with globally used terminology.  
5. Parties to arbitration:
Taking heed from the judgment of the Supreme Court of India in Chloro Controls[6], the definition of the word ‘party’ to an arbitration agreement has been expanded to also include persons claiming through or under such party. Thus, event non-signatories to an arbitration agreement may be able to take part in arbitration proceedings.     
6. Scope of Part I of the Act:
The scope of Part I of the Act (“Part I”) has been clarified and jurisdiction under Part I can be exercised only when the seat of arbitration is located in India. To this effect, it over-rules what is laid down in Bhatia International[7] and re-enforces the ‘seat centric’ principle of BALCO.[8] However, unless agreed by parties to the contrary, Section 9 (interim relief), Section 27 (court assistance for taking evidence), Section 37(1)(a) and 37(3) (Appealable orders) will apply in international commercial arbitrations, when the seat of arbitration is seated outside India. Indian Courts can therefore exercise jurisdictions with respect to these provisions even where the seat of arbitration is outside India. Notably, this has been given a prospective effect so as not to frustrate the pending applications and on-going arbitration proceedings. The proposed changes will not affect applications pending before any judicial authority, relying upon the law set out by Bhatia[9]. It appears that these amendments might also affect arbitration agreements where parties have impliedly excluded the provisions of Part 1 of the Act.
B) Interim Measures:
Interim measures or protections can be accorded by the Court under Section 9 of the Act or by the Tribunal under Section 17 of the Act. Under the existing regime, there lies a difference in the scope of the power available to Court under Section 9 of the Act vis-à-vis power of the Tribunal under Section 17 of the Act[10]. However, the new changes, if effected, will bring in significant changes in grant of interim measures in any arbitration and will confer the same powers to Section 17, as applicable under Section 9 of the Act.
1. Section 9 of the Act:
Section 9 of the Act is proposed to be made applicable to international commercial arbitration even when it is seated abroad, unless parties agree to the contrary;
In order to ensure timely initiation of the arbitration proceedings by the parties when granted interim measure of protection, it is proposed that arbitral proceedings shall be commenced within 60 days from the date of grant of interim measure order by the Court or within such shorter or further time as indicated by the Court, failing which the interim measure of protection shall cease to operate. This will ensure that arbitration proceedings commence even when relief under Section 9 has been obtained by a party.
In order to reduce the role of the Court for grant of interim measures, once the Tribunal has been constituted, the Court shall ordinarily not entertain an Application for interim measures unless circumstances exist owing to which the remedy under Section 17 is not efficacious. This amendment is also consistent with the spirit of UNCITRAL Model Law as amended in 2006. Further, this streamlines the process and in effect avoids interference of Courts to encourage arbitration.
2. Section 17 of the Act:
Section 17 has been proposed to be suitably amended to provide the Tribunal the same powers as a civil court in relation to grant of interim measures. Therefore, there would not exist differential nature of power to award interim measures under Section 9 and 17 of the Act. Notably, the Tribunal would have powers to grant interim relief post award.
The Tribunal has been given broad powers to order for interim measures of protection in respect of i) preservation, interim custody or sale of any goods which are subject matter of the arbitration agreement; ii) securing the amount in dispute in the arbitration; iii) the detention, preservation or inspection of any property or thing which is subject-matter of the dispute in arbitration, or as to which any question may arise therein and authorizing for any of the aforesaid purposes any person to enter upon any land or building in the possession of any party or authorizing any samples to be taken or any observation to be made or experiment to be tried, which may be necessary or expedient for the purposes of obtaining full information or evidence; and iv) interim injunction or appointment of a receiver.
C) Delays: In Court, before the Tribunals and risks under Bilateral Investment Treatises
The interplay between the arbitral tribunal and the courts and the existing backlog before the courts has meant that the arbitral process has not been as efficient as one would have hoped. Delays exist in various areas and the Law Commission Report seeks to deal with each aspect in a systematic and analytical manner.
1. Appointment of an arbitrator:
The Law Commission Report strikes a death blow to the law set down in SBP & Co. Vs. Patel Engineering[11] and proposes to make appointment of an arbitrator an administrative decision to be carried out by the High Court or the Supreme Court, as the case may be. Similar changes have been proposed in applications under Section 8 of the Act, which deals with the power to refer to arbitration. This approach is designed to bring Indian arbitration in line with global best practices and also, to give effective meaning to the doctrine of Kompetenz-kompetenz, which stood diluted thanks to the evolution of caselaw in India. In a welcome step, it is also provided that such an application be endeavored to be disposed of expeditiously, and also within a 60 day period, from service of notice. Should this be implemented, it would work to speed the appointment process along quite nicely[12].
2. Jurisdiction of the Tribunal:
Section 16 (2A) is proposed to be incorporated wherein a plea that the arbitral tribunal does not have jurisdiction shall be decided by the Tribunal as a preliminary issue, unless this is also the main issue for determination in the arbitration. This amendment is proposed to ensure that the issues of jurisdiction should be decided by the arbitral tribunal.
3. Challenges to arbitral awards:
The Law Commission Report provides that an application challenging the award be endeavored to be disposed of expeditiously, and also within a 1 year period, from service of notice[13]. In case of foreign awards, the Law Commission Report also has considered applications challenging the enforcement of a foreign award (under Section 48 of the Act) and incorporated similar timelines for (a) institution of an application challenging enforcement; and (b) disposal of such an application; in Section 48.
4. Hearing and Written Proceedings - Section 24-:
It has been proposed that the Tribunal shall, as far as possible, hold oral hearings for the presentation of evidence or for oral argument on continuous days, and not grant any adjournments unless sufficient cause is made out and may impose costs, including exemplary costs, on the party seeking the adjournment. This amendment is to ensure expeditious hearings in the arbitration and to avoid unnecessary adjournments.
5. An amendment has been proposed to grant discretion to the arbitral tribunal to treat the right of the Respondent to file a statement of defence as having been forfeited, where such statement is not filed within the prescribed time.[14] Once in force, this will ensure that parties comply with timelines set out by the tribunal.
6. No appeal from Section 37 of the Act will be maintainable as a letters patent appeal, and only appeal to Supreme Court of India can be preferred by parties aggrieved from an order under Section 37 of the Act. This is aimed to reduce delays by removing the scope of the parties to file letters patent appeal.
7. Separately, the Law Commission Report has also recommended for specialized and dedicated arbitration benches be constituted (as done in the Delhi High Court).
D) Costs
A regime of actual costs incurred is proposed along with detailed points for consideration of the court or arbitral tribunal based on Rule 44 of the Civil Procedure Rules of England. A general rule requiring a losing party to pay actual costs of the successful party, as proposed, would certainly inspire most parties to be reasonable about resolving disputes. Moreso, manufactured counterclaims and dilatory tactics would be minimized and thus, the overall speed and efficacy of the arbitral process is bound to improve. By keeping a check on parties’ conduct including potential offers to settle the disputes, the Law Commission Report seeks to cast an obligation upon each party to the proceeding to cooperate and be reasonable at each step. The main objective of including the ‘costs follow the event’ regime is to disincentivize the filing of frivolous claims/ applications. Should this be implemented, it would certainly operate as a game changer for Indian arbitration and related court litigation.
E) Setting aside of domestic award & recognition/enforcement of foreign awards
1. Section 34 of the Act – Challenging an Arbitral Award:
With a view to do away with the unintended uncertainties caused by the Supreme Court’s judgment in ONGC Vs. Saw Pipes[15], the Law Commission Report proposes a specific provision dealing with setting aside of a domestic award on the ground of patent illegality.[16]   
Interestingly, the proposed changes also recommend for clarification on the term ‘public policy of India’. It will be limited to include i) contravention with the fundamental policy of Indian law; and ii) conflict with most basic notions of morality or justice.
Certain key changes have been suggested to tighten the procedure for an application under Section 34 of the Act. The amended provision would require the party to file an application, only after issuing a prior Notice to the other party and such an Application shall be accompanied by an affidavit from the Applicant endorsing compliance with this requirement[17].
2. Section 48 of the Act – Resisting Enforcement of an Award:
In cases of foreign award and awards passed in international commercial arbitration in India, it is recommended that a narrower construct be given to ’public policy’, so as to include only (i) fundamental policy of Indian law; and (ii) most basic notions of justice or morality.[18]
Tightening of the provisions seeking to set aside or challenge the enforcement of arbitral awards is a welcome move and will work to impart confidence in arbitration as an effective and speedy dispute resolution mechanism.  
F) Section 36 of the Act: Automatic stay of enforcement
A possibly unintended consequence that emanated from earlier awards was an automatic stay once an application to set aside the award under Section 34 of the Act was filed before the Indian courts. This automatic stay did not even permit the court to impose terms upon the applicant. The backlog prevalent before our courts ensured that once application was filed, the applicant would continue laughing at the plight of the award holder. This situation is proposed to be rectified by requiring an applicant to specifically seek stay of an award and permitting a court to put a party to terms, keeping in mind the provisions for grant of stay of money decrees under the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. If implemented, one could see applicants being directed to cough up the award amount or portion thereof prior to admission of their stay application. Practically, it would also operate as a deterrent against frivolous applications in light of the revised costs regime.
G) Arbitrability of fraud:
The Law Commission Report attempts to bring to closure the entire controversy by legislatively providing that allegations of fraud/corruption, complicated questions of fact or serious questions of law are expressly arbitrable[19]. Although initially the Supreme Court had held in N. Radhakrishnan v. M/s Maestro Engineers[20] that where allegations of fraud and serious malpractices are alleged, the matter can only be settled by the Court and such a situation cannot be referred to an arbitrator. Subsequently, the Supreme Court in World Sport Group (Mauritius) Ltd. v. MSM Satellite (Singapore) Pte. Ltd,[21] and Swiss Timing Limited v. Organising Committee, Commonwealth Games 2010[22]. has held that, allegations of fraud are not a bar to refer parties to a foreign seated arbitration and held that only bar to refer parties to foreign seated arbitrations are those which are specified in Section 45 of Act i.e. in cases where the arbitration agreement is either (i) null and void; or (ii) inoperative; or (iii) incapable of being performed. Therefore, the proposed amendment is consistent with the law laid down by the Supreme Court.
H) Challenging appointment of an Arbitrator:
In line with international practice, before an Arbitrator’s appointment, it has been proposed that he disclose in writing any circumstances i) such as existence of direct or indirect, of any past or present relationship with or interest in any of the parties or in relation to the subject matter in dispute, whether financial, business, professional or other kind, which is likely to give rise to justifiable doubts as to his independence or impartiality; and ii) which are likely to affect the Arbitrators ability to devote sufficient time to the arbitration and in particular his ability to finish the entire arbitration within 24 months and render an award within 3 months from such date; is sufficient for challenging the appointment of an arbitrator.
The Law Commission Report has further proposed amendments with a view to address the issue of neutrality of arbitrators. The proposed amendments require written disclosures from the prospective arbitrator(s) with regard to any circumstances likely to give rise to justifiable doubts as to his independence or impartiality.[23] The nature of circumstances has also been detailed and there is an additional layer of checks and balances provided which is incorporation, as a guide, of the red and orange lists of the International Bar Association Guidelines on Conflicts of Interest in International Arbitrations as Schedules to the Act. There is an express bar of certain persons also provided for which is waivable, but only after disputes have arisen and that too only by an express agreement in writing. This is done keeping in mind party autonomy, the grundnorm of arbitration[24].
I) Power of the arbitral tribunal to award interest
Rationalizing the provision permitting grant of interest, the Law Commission Report proposes to move away from the statutory 18% p.a. as currently provided for in Section 31 of the Act and instead, move to a market based determination in line with commercial realities. The suggested rate is 2% per annum more than the current rate of interest, from the date of the award to the date of payment.[25]
J) Arbitration agreement
In addition to other amendments, with a view to bring Indian law in conformity with UNCITRAL Model law, it is proposed that an arbitration agreement can additionally be concluded by electronic communication.[26] An explanation has been added to clarify the term ‘electronic communication’ means any communication that the parties make by means of data messages; "data message" means information generated, sent, received or stored by electronic, magnetic, optical or similar means, including, but not limited to, electronic data inter-change (EDI), electronic mail, telegram, telex and telecopy.
K) Statement of Defence:
An explanation is proposed to be added to Section 23 of the Act, wherein in when a Respondent in an arbitration proceedings submits a counter claim or pleads a set off, it shall be treated as being within the scope of reference and be adjudicated upon by the arbitral tribunal eve if it did not fall within the scope of initial reference, as long as it arises out of the arbitration agreement. The purpose is to ensure that counter claims and set off can be adjudicated upon by an arbitrator without seeking a separate/new reference by the respondent so long as it falls within the scope of the arbitration agreement, in order to ensure final settlement of disputes between parties and prevent multiplicity of litigation.
L) Applicability of the Amendments:
Section 85A is proposed to be introduced in the Act and states that the provisions of the Act (as amended) will be prospective in operation shall apply only to fresh arbitrations[27] and fresh applications[28], except in the following situations:
a. the provisions of Section 6-A[29] shall apply to all pending proceedings and arbitrations.
b. the provisions of Section 16 sub-section (7)[30] shall apply to all pending proceedings and arbitrations, except where the issue has been decided by the court/tribunal.
c. the provisions of second proviso to Section 24[31] shall apply to all pending arbitrations.
Possible improvements in the Amendments:
Most issues plaguing India`s arbitration law have been analyzed extensively and dealt with in the proposed amendments. If it is pushed through, India`s arbitration law will be comparable with any developed arbitration regime. However, there exist potential grey areas where the provisions can be further streamlined to give effect to few additional changes.
i)    In light of the fact that enforcement of an award in India does take time, the enforcing court should have some degree of latitude in awarding interest for the time an application for enforcement of the award is pending. While interest is usually something awarded by the tribunal and set out in the award itself, the peculiar state of affairs in India does require some relief on this front.
ii)    The Law Commission Report could consider providing a manner by which interim orders passed in a foreign seated arbitration are enforced.  
iii)    To appoint an arbitrator, an application is proposed to be decided within a 60 day period, from service of notice. Although this is a welcome development, serving a Notice issued by the Court (typically effecting dasti service or service through Hague Convention) can take years. Therefore, the sixty days’ deadline will have no meaning and appointment will inevitably get delayed. Even in the present scenario it takes nearly one year or even more to have an arbitrator appointed by the Court thereby defeating the whole concept of a speedy dispute redressal mechanism. A possible solution is to give effect to email service, which is also allowed by Civil Procedure Code, 1908[32]. Generally, leave of the Court has to be taken to affect such a service but if it is statutorily codified then this will further expedite the process.
iv)    The power to appoint an arbitrator should be given to the High Courts for international commercial arbitrations. Notably, this is only an administrative task and could be done expeditiously.
Conclusion
One possible alternative could have been to follow a hybrid system in the Act, by creating two different chapters for domestic and international arbitration respectively (or even two separate and distinct statutes). However, the effect of BALCO judgment (i.e. making Indian arbitration law seat centric etc.) and consequent amendments proposed in the Law Commission Report would have to undergo significant changes and therefore it is not suggested that India adopts the hybrid approach like other major arbitration friendly jurisdictions (e.g. Singapore and France).  
Irrespective of few suggestions pointed out above, the Law Commission Report attempts to identify and treat each malady plaguing arbitration in India with clinical precision. Each proposed amendment attempts to not only remedy the malady but also seeks to set up the stage for arbitration in India to achieve a higher plane of growth. If implemented, the amendments will improve India`s standing in international arbitration community. Arbitration as a dispute resolution mechanism has not found the favour it should and could find due to a number of reasons. With a Government that is eyeing judicial reform, clear and precise amendments which are bound to find favour and impart confidence to foreign investors should find adequate backing.
[1] The Law Commission Report was handed over to the Ministry of Law and Justice on August 5, 2014;
2 Section 2(d) of the Act
3 LCIA Rules: Article 9B (LCIA Rules 2014 – to come into effect from October 1, 2014); SIAC Rules: Schedule 1 to SIAC Rules 2013.
4 TDM Infrastructure Private v. UE Development India Pvt. Ltd, (2008) 14 SCC 271
5  (2012) 9 SCC 649
6 Chloro Controls India (P) Ltd. v. Severn Trent Water Purification Inc., (2013) 1 SCC 641.
7 Bhatia International v. Bulk Trading SA (‘Bhatia’) (2002) 4 SCC 105.
8 Bharat Aluminium Co v. Kaiser Aluminium Technical Services (‘BALCO’) (2012) 9 SCC 649.
9 Ibid
10 Intertol Ics Cecons.O & M Co. Pvt. Ltd. v. National Highways Authority of India, (2013) ILR 2 Delhi 1018: 2013(1) ARBL 515 (Delhi) – it was held that Section 17 Powers are narrower than Section 9 of the Act.
11 (2005) 8 SCC 518
12 Section 11(13) of the Act
13 Section 34 (5) of the Act
14 Section 25 of the Act
15 (2003) 5 SCC 705;
16 Section 34 (2A) of the Act
17 Section 34 (4) of the Act
18 Explanation to Section 48 (2) of the Act
19 Section 16 (7) of the Act
20 2010 (1) SCC 72
21 AIR 2014 SC 968
22 (2014) 6 SCC 677
23 Section 12 (1) (b) read with Seventh Schedule to the Act.
24 Section 12 read with Fourth and Fifth Schedule to the Act.
25 The expression current rate of interest shall have the same meaning as assigned to it under Clause (b) – Section 2 of the Interest Act, 1978.
26 Section 7 of the Act
27 Section 85 (2) (A): Fresh Arbitrations mean arbitrations where there has been no request for appointment of arbitral tribunal; or application for appointment of arbitral tribunal; or appointment of the arbitral tribunal, prior to the date of enforcement of the Arbitration and Conciliation (Amending) Act, 2014
28 Section 85 (2) (B): Fresh Applications mean applications to a court or arbitral tribunal made subsequent to the date of enforcement of the Arbitration and Conciliation (Amending) Act, 2014
29 Regime for Costs
30 Serious question of law, complicated questions of fact or allegations of fraud, corruption etc. are arbitrable.
31 Hearing and written procedure
32 Order 5, Rule 9(3)
Alipak Banerjee, Payel Chatterjee and Sahil Kanuga from Nishith Desai Associates also contributed to this article
More Stories

Saradha scam: TMC supporters demonstrate against CBI4
0
Kolkata: Shouting slogans, supporters of the Trinamool Congress on Monday held a demonstration against the CBI and burnt the effigy of its director Ranjit Sinha to protest against alleged 'conspiracy' to tarnish the image of the West Bengal government in the Saradha chit fund scam.
The supporters under the banner of "Calcutta Citizen's Forum" demonstrated in front of the Mayukh Bhaban, a little distance away from the CGO complex in Salt Lake where the CBI office is located.
Earlier, the women's wing of the party had held a sit-in demonstration in front of the central investigating agency's office on Septmeber 11 and 12. The gathering was addressed by the party MLA Paresh Pal.
The supporters under the banner of "Calcutta Citizen's Forum" demonstrated in front of the Mayukh Bhaban.

Modi government s efforts led to decline in inflation  says BJPSep 15, 2014 at 07:39pm IST
Modi government's efforts led to decline in inflation, says BJP
27
0
New Delhi: BJP on Monday credited the initiatives taken by Narendra Modi government for the decline in inflation and said it was committed to bring down prices and help improve the country's economy to make the life of the common man easy. The party said that its government has taken a number of initiatives since its formation including tough action against hoarders and limiting export prices of essential commodities like onion, rice and wheat.
"Due to the continuous efforts taken by the Narendra Modi government, inflation has started coming down slowly. It is a result of better management and a number of initiatives taken by the government, which will continue to work towards easing inflation and improving the state of the economy to help make the life of the common man easier," BJP Secretary Shrikant Sharma said.
He said Government is committed to bringing inflation down and helping improve the state of the economy, which was left "in a shattered state by the previous Congress-led UPA government due to mismanagement, bad governance and corruption".
Softening prices of food items, including vegetables, pulled down the WPI inflation to a five-year low of 3.74 per cent in August.
#bjp #tracking the modi government #inflation #wpi
He referred to delisting of fruits and vegetables from the Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC) markets besides releasing foodgrains in the open market as some of the measures. The BJP leader said more initiatives will be taken by the government for further reducing the prices of essential commodities.
Softening prices of food items, including vegetables, pulled down the WPI inflation to a five-year low of 3.74 per cent in August. The August inflation, measured by Wholesale Price Index (WPI), declined from 5.19 per cent in July, while the same was 6.99 per cent in the same month last year. It is the lowest since October, 2009 when it stood at 1.8 per cent.
13

The Legal Loophole That Could Endanger Your Mortgage ModificationPeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

Arrest of SL national points to failure of intelligence agencies  says former minister GK VasanSep 15, 2014 at 07:35pm IST
Arrest of SL national points to failure of intelligence agencies, says former minister GK Vasan
2
0
Kumbakonam: The arrest of a Sri Lankan national in Chennai for allegedly spying for Pakistan pointed to the 'failure' of the central and state intelligence agencies and they should coordinate with Coast Guard and police for effective vigil, former Union minister GK Vasan said on Monday.
"The Sri Lankan national's arrest in Chennai shows the failure of the intelligence agencies of the Centre and state. They should work along with police and Coast Guard to ensure effective vigil," the Congress leader said.
On September 10, a Sri Lankan national Arun Selvarajan was arrested in Chennai by National Investigation Agency (NIA) on the charge of spying on behalf of Pakistan. Asked about the 100 day rule of BJP, Vasan said the government's actions differed from promises and there was only 'deceit' for the people. No attempts had been made to control spiralling prices and attempts were being made to scuttle important schemes of the previous UPA government, he alleged.
On September 10, a Sri Lankan national Arun Selvarajan was arrested in Chennai by National Investigation Agency (NIA) on the charge of spying on behalf of Pakistan.
#india #sri lanka #tracking the modi government #congress
Vasan quoted Central government statistics to state that Tamil Nadu was lagging behind in development and urged the state government to accord preference for development projects which should reach remote villages.
On the coming civic bypolls in Tamil Nadu, he alleged that people have lost faith in the government after certain incidents in the run up to the elections and demanded that the Election Commission take steps to conduct it properly.
Referring to the onging strike by contract labourers in Neyveli Lignite Corporation, which entered the 13th day on Monday, demanding regularisation of services, he regretted that the problem persisted despite several rounds of talks and said the state government should take responsibility for the failure of the tripartite talks. Steps should be taken to achieve solution and ensure that production resumed, he said.
0

When Debt Collector Robocalls Hijack Your Cell PhonePeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

Boundary issue will be discussed during Chinese President Xi s visit: India5
0
New Delhi: As it gears up to host Chinese President Xi Jinping, India on Monday said it that expects that the visit will address the "interests and concerns" of the two countries and that "all substantive" issues having bearing on the ties including the boundary dispute will be discussed.
The Indian remarks came even as local authorities in Leh said that Chinese civilians in government vehicles have entered Indian territory in Demchok in Ladakh and are preventing locals from working on an irrigation project there.
However, when asked about these incursions, External Affairs Ministry Spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin parried a direct answer and merely said that the brave sentinels of India were capable of handling any situation.
MEA spokesperson Akbaruddin said that it will be only the third occasion since Independence that an Indian Prime Minister will have elaborate talks with a Chinese President in India.
#india #china #xi jinping #narendra modi
"As regards to issues on the table, sure there are unresolved issues including the boundary question.... Yes, it will be discussed," he said. Asked about the expectations from the high-profile visit, he said, "The key expectation is that we address issues of interests and concerns to each other. The path towards solution is based on a beginning of addressing those issues."
About the agenda of the meeting between Modi and Xi, he said, "All substantive issues of interest to India and China will be discussed." Asked whether Kashmir, Tibet and stapled visa will figure in the talks, the Spokesperson said the two countries know the "sensitivities" of each other and it was the intention of both the countries to try and work out issues accordingly.
On issuance of staple visa to people of Arunachal by China, he said India's stand has been that no differentiation should be made to people from any part of India. Apart from big announcements in economic sector including big Chinese investments in railways networks, industrial parks and smart city projects, Xi and Prime Minister Narendra Modi are expected to discuss cooperation in the nuclear energy, trade deficit and visa regime.
Modi and Xi will hold talks on two occasions - first when the Prime Minister will host a private dinner for the visiting dignitary after his arrival in Ahmedabad on September 17 and then in New Delhi on September 18 in restricted and delegation-level format.
Akbaruddin said that it will be only the third occasion since Independence that an Indian Prime Minister will have elaborate talks with a Chinese President in India. The previous occasions were in 1996 and 2006.
Modi will welcome Xi, accompanied by a high-level delegation including two senior members of Polit Bureau and the Chinese Commerce Minister, at his hotel in Ahmedabad. The leaders will witness signing of pacts in Ahmedabad before heading to famous Sabarmati Ashram and the dinner. "On 17th, I look forward to welcoming President Xi Jinping in Ahmedabad. Am sure his visit will strengthen India-China ties," the Prime Minister tweeted. Xi is expected to announce investments to the tune of billions of dollars in India's railway, manufacturing and infrastructure projects.
1

Chinese President Xi s visit will strengthen ties: PM Modi; talks of Buddhism bond3
0
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday said that he was looking forward to welcoming Chinese President Xi Jinping in Ahmedabad on September 17 and was sure that his visit will strengthen ties between India and China, which share a strong bond of Buddhism.
Ahead of Xi's visit, Modi posted various slides depicting Gujarat's rich Buddhist heritage including his birthplace Vadnagar's excavations on social media 'twitter'. "Ashokan Edict in Junagadh shows Samrat Ashok's reverence towards Buddhism & focuses on social & moral precepts," said one tweet while the other one read, "The place where I was born, Vadnagar too has a rich Buddhist influence including a Monastery."
He also noted that well known Chinese traveller Xuanzang (Hiuen Tsang) noted the presence of Buddhist monasteries, monks in parts of Gujarat. Modi will host a private dinner for Xi on Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad when he begins his India visit. According to official sources, the private dinner will be attended by limited number of guests from each side. There will be five persons from each side at the dinner which will not be very ostentatious, they said.
PM Narendra Modi will host a private dinner for the Chinese President on Sabarmati riverfront in Ahmedabad when he begins his India visit.
The Sabarmati riverfront was selected as a venue for the dinner as President Xi will be visiting Mahatma Gandhi's Sabarmati Ashram near it.
1

Navy calls off search for pilot of crashed fighter  identifies pilotBy Mark Berman September 15 Follow @markberman
An F/A-18C Hornet on the USS Carl Vinson. (Shizuo Kambayashi/AP)
The Navy has called off the search for the pilot of a fighter that crashed in the Pacific Ocean last week.
Two F/A-18C jets crashed in the Pacific Ocean  on Friday after apparently colliding, the Navy said. One of the two pilots was quickly found and received medical attention on the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson.
Helicopters and several naval ships continued to scour the area for Lt. Nathan Poloski, 26, identified by Navy officials as the second pilot. But the Navy called off the search for Poloski early Sunday, declaring that he was presumed dead, and identified him later that night.
Poloski, of Lake Arrowhead, Calif., graduated from the U.S. Naval Academy in 2009 and reported to a fighter squadron based in California.
“Nathan was an outstanding person, naval officer and aviator,” Cmdr. Michael Langbehn, commanding officer of Poloski’s squadron, said in a statement. “My personal thoughts and prayers are for his family, friends and shipmates as they endure this immeasurable loss.”
In addition, the Navy confirmed over the weekend what had been rumored in the hours after the jets crashed: The two Hornets collided “during routine flight operations,” the Navy’s 7th Fleet said in a statement. These jets had launched from the Carl Vinson and were heading to their respective stations when they crashed about seven miles from the ship.
An investigation into the cause of the crash is ongoing, the Navy said.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Chinese civilians intrude into Ladakh areaChinese civilians intrude into Ladakh area
Press Trust of India | Leh/New Delhi Sep 15, 2014 08:02 PM IST
Ahead of President Xi Jinping's visit, Chinese civilians in government vehicles have entered Indian territory in Demchok in Ladakh and are preventing locals from working on an irrigation project there.
The Indian government sought to downplay the reports while maintaining that the boundary question would be discussed with the Chinese side.
"This is true that for the last one week, China is objecting and protesting against the work on an irrigation project in Demchok village which is close to the Line of Actual Control along with China border," Leh Deputy Commissioner Simrandeep Singh said.
He made these comments in the wake of reports that the Chinese Army had entered Indian territory and stopped the local villagers from work on the irrigation project under the NREGA scheme.
Singh said the Chinese civilians from a village across the LAC called 'Toshigang' were brought in government vehicles in large numbers to prevent the locals from working on the project.
Asked to comment on the issue, External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said the "brave sentinels" on the border will address any issue that happens on the border. Whatever happens there, they will handle it, he said.
Regarding issues on the table, Akbaruddin said the unresolved issues including the boundary question and questions about the media reports would be addressed.
Meanwhile, the Army refused to comment on the media reports about the villagers.
A Brigadier-level flag meeting was held in Chushul earlier today where the issues of incursions and face-offs are learnt to have been raised by the Indian side.
Sources in the Army Headquarters said the meeting was scheduled earlier and had nothing to do with any specific incident.

Voltas: EMP revival to boost prospectsVoltas: EMP revival to boost prospects
Ujjval Jauhari | New Delhi Sep 15, 2014 09:35 PM IST
The unitary cooling products (UCP) segment has been the key driver of Voltas’ performance so far but the Street is optimistic on the electro-mechanical projects and services (EMP) segment, too. This has led to Voltas outperforming on the bourses, rising threefold in a year, 28 per cent in the past month. Analysts at Jefferies say the company’s leadership position, strong margins and cash flows in the air conditioning (AC) segment are likely to increase return on equity from 12 per cent to 18 per cent.
After declining from Rs 507 crore in FY10 to Rs 268 crore in FY13, operating profit rebounded to Rs 318 crore in FY14, as market share in the AC segment rose from 18.4 per cent to 19.8 per cent. For the quarter ended June, operating profit stood at Rs 126 crore, up 283 per cent year-on-year.
The UCP segment, which accounted for 39 per cent of consolidated revenue in FY14, continues to fare well. For the June quarter, it reported 27 per cent growth in revenue, with margins improving to 11.6 per cent from 10 per cent in the year-ago period. Analysts say the strategy of increasing penetration of room ACs in smaller towns and strengthening the distribution network continues to help increase market share. Analysts at Espirito Santo estimate the UCP segment will account for 55-62 per cent of Voltas’ earnings before interest and tax for FY15-17, compared with 16-35 per cent during FY08-12.
The EMP segment, which accounts for 51 per cent of revenue, is expected to see better traction. While analysts expect orders for Doha/Riyadh metros in the next few quarters, it is felt traction in domestic order flow will also pick up as the economy revives. For the June quarter, EMP revenue had declined 10 per cent, though it reported a profit (before one-offs) of Rs 4.4 crore. After a fall in profit in the past two years due to execution challenges in the EMP segment, Voltas has taken steps to boost profitability—new orders at higher margins, new management for international operations and process improvement for timely claims. Analysts at IDFC feel these steps should accrue benefits in the second half of FY16.
As the recent run-up means the stock is currently trading near fair value, investors with longer investment horizons could accumulate it on dips.

BHEL to develop 20 Mw solar power plant in OdishaBHEL to develop 20 Mw solar power plant
Nirmalya Behera | Bhubaneswar Sep 15, 2014 08:20 PM IST
The engineering and manufacturing major, Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) will develop a 20 Mw solar power plant at Manamunda industrial estate in Boudh district.
“A letter of intent has been issued to BHEL which will develop the proposed solar plant. It will also operate and maintain the plant for a period ten years,” said an official of GEDCOL, the nodal agency for implmentation of renewable energy in the state.
BHEL is currently engaged in the design, engineering, manufacture, construction, testing, commissioning and servicing of a wide range of products, systems and services for the core sector companies in the field of power, transmission, transportation, renewable energy, oil and natural gas and defence.
The solar plant at Manamunda will be set up over 100 acres of land entailing an investment of about Rs 150 crore.
Gedcol, a subsidiary of Odisha Hydro Power Corporation (OHPC), had recently floated an engineering, procurement and construction (ECP) tender for finalising the developer. The company aims 100 Mw solar power generation in next three years. Initially, three locations have been identified for development of solar parks- Manmunda industrial estate of Idco, Rengali near the hydel project of OHPC, and Karlapada in Bhawanipatana.
Renewable energy potential in Odisha has been assessed at 11,820 Mw, with solar energy having the highest potential at 10,000 Mw among all green energy sources.
In the solar power generation basket, solar photo-voltaic source has the maximum potential 8,000 Mw followed by solar thermal and wind power at 2,000 Mw and 910 Mw respectively. The state receives an average solar radiation of 5.5 kWh (Kilo watt hour/ sqm) area with around 300 clear sunny days every year.
So far, solar power projects of 13 Mw have been commissioned in the state while new projects with a total capacity of 30 Mw are under various stages of implementation.
Investments to the tune of Rs 2,500 crore are expected to flow to Odisha in the renewable energy sector during the 12th Plan Period (2012-17) as the state targets capacity augmentation of 350 Mw from solar, wind and bio-mass sources in the period.

Civil aviation minister wants fresh consultations to implement PPP in airportsAirport privatisation: Govt seeks more views
Sharmistha Mukherjee | New Delhi Sep 16, 2014 12:45 AM IST
Minister for Civil Aviation Ashok Gajapati Raju has directed fresh consultations with state and central government organisations, airport and airline operators, passenger associations and travel operators before finalising the model concession agreement (MCA) for the construction and operations of airports in the country on a public-private partnership (PPP) basis. In a letter dated September 11, the minister’s office said, “With regard to the Concessionaire Agreement concerning PPP, for construction/operation of airports in the country, which may be entered in the future, the HMCA desires that a broad based consultation should be held with the following – relevant states and central government organisations/agencies, airport developers/operators, airline operators, representatives of passengers’ associations, representatives of travel operators.”
The minister desires that the consultation should be held prior to entering into PPP agreements and the views of the stakeholders should be given due consideration before finalisation of the agreement, the letter notes. A senior official in the ministry who did not wish to be identified said, “The aim of holding the consultation process is to ensure transparency. We want the terms and conditions to be clear and minimalise grievances of all stakeholders.”
The decision to initiate a fresh consultation process may briefly hold up the government’s programme to award management contracts at six identified airports in Chennai, Kolkata, Lucknow, Guwahati, Ahmedabad and Jaipur. The ministry had already determined the broad contours of the model concession agreement for awarding management contracts to private operators and an inter-ministerial group (IMG) was scheduled to meet on September 4 to finalise it. The meeting was postponed as a new secretary, V Somasundaran, assumed office a day before the scheduled meeting.
A senior ministry official had said last week, “We have been able to resolve most differences we had with the Planning Commission regarding the MCA for airport privatisation.” These management contracts were decided to be awarded to private operators at pre-determined rates, and not on a cost-plus basis, to protect passengers from high user charges after award of projects. The ministry has set for itself a realistic target of four airports in view of possible obstacles. For instance, there is a court case pending in relation with award of management contract for the Chennai airport to a private operator.
The MCA as well as the targets for award of management contracts may be re-worked with fresh consultation processes now considered for initiation.
The process to award management contracts for these six airports had been initiated last year by the previous government but the plan had to be put on the back burner following a difference of opinion between the Union civil aviation ministry, then led by Ajit Singh, and the Planning Commission, over the terms of the project-award agreement.
Several private and foreign infrastructure companies, such as IL&FS Transportation Networks, Essar Projects India, Cochin International, Essel Infraprojects, GVK, Fraport, Saudi Arabia, GMR Airports, Sahara Group and Turkey's Celebi Habacilik Holding AS, had evinced interest in these projects.

Shemaroo IPO: Rs 36 cr shares sold to anchor investorsShemaroo IPO: Rs 36-cr shares sold to anchor investors
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 21:05 IST
Shemaroo Entertainment, whose initial public offer begins on September 16 to raise about Rs 100 crore, on Monday sold shares worth Rs 36 crore to nine anchor investors including Birla Sunlife and HDFC mutual funds.
Shemaroo is into film and entertainment content business and its IPO would be the fourth of this year. Prior to that, there have been public offers of Wonderla Holidays, Snowman Logistics Ltd and Sharda Cropchem.
In regulatory filings with Sebi and the two stock exchanges (NSE and BSE), Shemaroo said on Monday that the IPO committee of its board finalised allocation of 21.17 lakh equity shares to anchor investors at Rs 170 each-the higher end of the proposed price band of Rs 155-170 each-for an aggregate amount of Rs 35.99 crore.
The anchor investors include two funds of HDFC and seven funds of Birla Sunlife.
The company said that if the IPO price, discovered through book building, is higher than the price offered to the anchor investors, then these investors would be required to bring in the additional amount within the pay-in date.
Shemaroo has offered a 10 per cent discount to retail subscribers. Of the total shares offered, 60 per cent will be offered to qualified institutional buyers (QIBs).
The company's IPO closes on September 18.
Shemaroo had received the market regulator Sebi's nod to launch the public offer in February. The company filed its draft red herring prospectus (DRHP) in June last year.
The proceeds from the issue would be utilised to fund working capital requirements and general corporate purposes.
The lead managers of the issue are Yes Bank Ltd and ICICI Securities Ltd.
Shemaroo would list shares on the National Stock Exchange and the BSE.

Sanjay Nirupam slaps legal notice on Rai  wants unconditionalapologyPrint
PTI | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 8:22 pm
Congress leader Sanjay Nirupam today slapped a legal notice on ex-CAG Vinod Rai accusing him of defamation and threatened to launch criminal proceedings if he did not apologise for remarks that the MP had asked the former chief auditor to drop Manmohan Singh’s name from 2G report.
In the notice, Nirupam’s lawyer asked Rai to “tender an unconditional apology” in writing within 15 days of the receipt of the notice stating that imputations made by him against the Congress leader were “baseless, false and concocted”.
“Failing which I have strict instructions to initiate appropriate proceedings against you, including criminal proceedings against you at your cost and peril,” he said in the notice.
The former Congress MP also took strong objection to Rai’s remarks that Congress MPs had used unparliamentary language in the PAC against the CAG when he was not present, which forced the Chairman Murli Manohar Joshi to send a written complaint to the Speaker about Nirupam.
Nirupam’s lawyer has accused Rai of intentionally trying to “defame” the Congress leader and harm his reputation with “motive to sensationalise false, contrived and concocted facts” about persons in public life, including Nirupam for “making personal pecuniary gains” and to boost sale of his book.
“The imputations made by you in the electronic and print media have deeply dented reputation of my client in their estimation and they have started avoiding him. The reputation of my client has taken an irreparable and heavy toll due to your defamatory imputations,” the lawyer said in the notice.

Google to make YouTube videos available offline soon inIndiaPrint
YouTube
Press Trust of India | New Delhi | Posted: September 15, 2014 7:54 pm | Updated: September 16, 2014 9:58 am
After Android One, India will have another first from Google as the tech giant plans to make YouTube available offline, allowing people to save on download charges for watching their favourite videos.
In the coming weeks, once the service is available offline, viewers can download the video, save it and watch it later without downloading it again and in turn, save on recurring data download charges.
“YouTube is popular here. You watch some videos again and again. How awesome would it be if you could keep watching them again and again without having to pay for data, and take the videos with you wherever you go?” Google Vice President Product Management Ceasar Sengupta said.
He added that in the next few weeks, YouTube will be available offline in India.
As of now, the service is not available in any other country. “You can download a video once, save it to your phone, and watch it again and again,” he said.
According to industry reports, the online video consumption is pegged at over 3.7 billion videos per month in the country.
According to comscore, the total online video audience in India saw growth of over 70 per cent in 2013 with the average viewer watching 18 per cent more videos and spending 28 per cent more time viewing.
Video consumption on mobile phones has also been growing steadily in the country.
YouTube alone gets over 60 million unique users a month and about one-third of the traffic coming from mobile phones.
India is the first country where Google has launched its Android One smartphones, in partnership with handset makers Micromax, Karbonn and Spice. Other countries like Indonesia, Bangladesh and Philippines will follow in the coming months.

Pak army kills 15 militants; 3 die in attacks targetingpolicePress Trust of India | Islamabad | Posted: September 15, 2014 7:46 pm
On Monday Pakistani military choppers pounded militant hideouts and killed 15 insurgents in the restive North Waziristan tribal region, once considered a bastion of Taliban fighters, even as three persons died in attacks targeting police in the country’s northwest.
“Army Aviation Combat helicopters in precise strikes in Tabai area of North Waziristan Agency destroyed 10 explosive laden vehicles and 5 terrorists hideouts, 15 terrorists were killed,” a military statement said.
The military says it has cleared Tehreek-i-Taliban (TTP) militants from more than 80 per cent of the North Waziristan tribal region, including its regional headquarters Miramshah, the now ruined sub-district Mirali.
A communication line spreading over 80 kilometres up to Dattakhel, 35km west of Miramshah, has also been cleared of militants, according to the military.
Hours before the military pounded the suspected TTP hideouts, militants killed three people in attacks targeting police in the restive northwest, officials said.
A suicide bomber killed one policeman in Tahl, about 100 kilometres southwest of Peshawar, while two brothers of a police station chief died in a separate attack on his home in Dera Ismail Khan.
Separately, gunmen attacked the residence of Safiur Rehman, chief of Kolachi Police Station in Dera Ismail Khan district and killed his two brothers and wounded the third.
Authorities believe the attack was mounted in revenge for an operation today in which one militant was killed and another wounded.
However, no group has claimed responsibility for the attacks but the Taliban, which rose against the state in 2007, often carry out such attacks against the police and other law enforcing agencies.
Meanwhile General John Campbell, Commander International Security Assistance Force (ISAF), met Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General Raheel Sharif at General Headquarters.
“During the meeting, matters of mutual interest were discussed that included progress of ongoing Operation Zarb-e-Azb, latest situation in Afghanistan and coordination along Pak-Afghan Border,” the military said.
This is his first visit to the General Headquarters after he assumed the command of the ISAF.
Pakistan began a much-awaited military campaign to clear insurgent bases from North Waziristan tribal region bordering Afghanistan, following a bloody assault on Karachi airport ended faltering peace talks with the rebels.
The militant attack on the airport killed 37 people.
Pakistan’s Air Force has spearheaded the operation to wipe out militants’ hideouts in what until recently was the epicentre of terrorism in the country.
The military claims it has killed nearly 1,000 militants and lost 82 soldiers since the start of the operation.

Investors brace for Fed  Scotland vote  AlibabaInvestors beware: Fed, Scotland vote, Alibaba IPO could roil market
By: Adam Shell September 12, 2014 11:28 am
SHARE ON FACEBOOK
SHARE ON WHATSAPP
EMAIL
Wall Street’s calendar next week is jammed packed with potentially market-moving events. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) ORG XMIT: NY115)
This is a big week on Wall Street. In a span of three days, investors will hear from the Fed, find out if Scotland opts to cut its ties with England and learn if the Alibaba IPO lives up to the mega-hype.
“It is of note that these date-certain events are clustered,” notes Woody Dorsey, who heads Market Semiotics, an investment research firm that specializes in behavioral finance and investor psychology.
Each event on its own has market implications. But clustered together in a three-day span that kicks off Wednesday, means the jumble of headlines could pack an even bigger market punch — perhaps dragging stock prices lower, Dorsey warns.
“Volatility and turbulence should pick up,” Dorsey tells USA TODAY. “It looks like (the risk is to the) downside. At the moment the reason is: “uncertainty” about the outcome of each news event.
In a sign of angst, the Standard & Poor’s 500-stock index last week finished lower, snapping a five-week winning streak. It kicks off the week 1.1% below its Sept. 5 record closing high of 2007.71. In early trading Monday, the benchmark U.S. stock index is down less than 3 points at 1983.
Here’s the key dates and news events to watch.
Day 1: WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 17
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen next week could signal an earlier-than-expected rate hike next year. (Susan Walsh, AP)
The news event: The two-day Federal Reserve policy meeting ends Wednesday with a policy statement and press conference with Fed Chair Janet Yellen.
The fear: The central bank changes its tune on the timing of interest rate hikes, and tips Wall Street off to the fact that the first rate hike — which the market expects in mid-2015 — will come sooner. Low rates have been a major driver of rising stock prices in the bull market.
The risk: Stock investors are not positioned properly for an earlier rate increase and react negatively, pricing in slower growth and skimpier corporate profits going forward, causing stock prices to turn lower.
 
 Day 2: THURSDAY, SEPT. 18
Will Scotland vote “yes” or “no” for independence? (Andy Buchanan, AFP/Getty Images)
The news event: Scotland’s referendum vote seeking independence from England.
The fear: This once low-probability event can’t be ruled out, polls say. Scottish independence would mark a major “change” in the political and economic ties in the United Kingdom.
The risk: A surprise “yes” vote would add a fresh jolt of geopolitical uncertainty and could spook currency markets, as well as other markets, including London’s stock market. “It would be a change and hurts the euro,” says Dorsey.
 
 Day 3: FRIDAY, SEPT. 19
Alibaba Group chairman Jack Ma. ( Yoshikazu Tsuno, AFP/Getty Images)
The news event: The hotly anticipated initial public offering of Chinese Internet giant Alibaba — expected to be the biggest U.S. IPO ever — is tentatively set to start trading Friday. The price range of $60 to $66 per share is expected to be raised higher amid strong demand.
The fear: The IPO doesn’t live up to the hype and the shares underperform on Day 1 of trading. On the flip side, if the IPO does match or exceed the hype, and the shares trade sharply higher, it could be the latest sign that investor optimism is nearing the stage of irrational exuberance.
The risk: Market sentiment sours on the view that a successful Alibaba IPO marks a stock market top or a poor outcome signals that investors are no longer willing to buy “story” stocks.
“Big IPOs can mark tops,” Dorsey says. “Tech is the market leader so far this year, so if that reverses, it would be a big signal.”
 

Police Building Homicide Case Amid Search for Kidspolice building homicide case amid search for kids
Executive Branch formally locates Jerusalem in Israel; says it is unconstitutional for Congress to agreeOral arguments in Zivostofsky v. Kerry, the Jerusalem passport case, will be heard on Nov. 3. Alan Gura and I authored an amicus brief in support of the petitioner on behalf of a group of ideological diverse constitutional law professors and a human rights group.
Here I will summarize our position, and then point to an argument in the brief apparently note made by other parties or amici.
Our central argument is that the passport law does not involve any act of recognition of a foreign country of government, a point also touched on in the Senate’s amicus brief . Further, Congress can, on on innumerable occasions has, exercised its enumerated powers in relation to unrecognized countries. When Congress names places as part of exercising these powers – whether to declare war on them, fund them, trade with them, or as here, identify people who come from them – it does not perform an act of recognition. (The House’s amicus brief makes related points, and they are worth reading together, as both briefs list some important examples of such legislation that the other does not.) Thus the Court need not decide any constitutional question about the scope of the recognition power.
Remarkably, the Executive Branch itself places Jerusalem in Israel for geographic identification purposes. The U.S. Board of Geographic Names, a part of the Interior Department . Its statuary purpose is to “provide for uniformity in geographic nomenclature… throughout the Federal Government.” Members of the board include, inter alia, officials from the State, Defense, and Homeland Security Departments, and the CIA.
According to the “foreign-place names decisions approved by” the Board, Jerusalem is a city in “Israel” (with the “unique name identifier” of 13535646). To be sure, the homepage of the Board’s names database prominently advises that (emphasis in original):
The geographic names in this database are provided for the guidance of and use by the Federal Government and for the information of the general public. The names, variants and associated data may not reflect the views of the United States Government on the sovereignty over geographic features.
This is important for two reasons. Firstly, if the Executive Branch’s official agency for determining what is where can call “Jerusalem” a city in “Israel” without accomplishing a recognition, it is hard to understand why Congress’s designation on a passport would do so. Second, the BGN names things “for the guidance and use” of the government, so as to have uniform names and locations understandings. Congress followed the Executive’s own “guidance” and “information” with the passport law. Using the official designation promulgated by the Executive branch can hardly be a ground for invalidating a statute on separation of powers grounds.
After filing the brief, Prof. Ryan Scoville pointed out that many federal judicial opinions refer to Jerusalem as being in Israel. Even the prolonged, high-profile litigation of the “Israel” question in Zivotosfky has not discouraged such references. The practices covers six courts of appeals [examples include, 22 F.3d 677 (5th Cir. 2013); 637 F.3d 783 (7th Cir. 2011); 604 F.3d 915 (6th Cir. 2010); 784 F.2d 176 (3d Cir. 1986); 659 F.2d 234 (D.C. Cir. 1981); 358 F.2d 119 (2d Cir. 1966)] and dozens of district court opinions.
If referring to Jerusalem as being in Israel is an act of recognition or a direct engagement in foreign relations, then such action by the judiciary would be even more obnoxious to the separation of powers than by Congress, which has some acknowledged role in foreign affairs. But the reason the Executive has acquiesced in this judicial practice is that such action is not a recognition.
Rather, the judiciary has the constitutional power to decide cases. By tradition, this involves issuing written opinions. Those opinions may have to mention places, and in doing so, the court can identify their national location to the best of their lights.
Eugene Kontorovich is a professor at Northwestern University School of Law, and an expert on constitutional and international law. He also writes and lectures frequently about the Arab-Israel conflict.

Delta Corp: Outcome of allotment committee meetingDelta Corp: Outcome of allotment committee meeting
Muthoot Fincorp to issue NCDs worth Rs 300 croreMuthoot Fincorp to issue NCDs worth Rs 300 crore
Meghalaya boy wins bronze in World Kickboxing ChampionshipMeghalaya boy wins bronze in World Kickboxing Championship
Market skids on Fed rate hike worry  China data; metals meltMarket skids on Fed rate hike worry  China data; metals melt
Northern Project to hold AGMNorthern Project to hold AGM
Tata Steel drive to combat dengueTata Steel drive to combat dengue
Apple receives record pre-orders for new iPhones | Android One no big deal for IndiaApple receives record pre-orders for new iPhones | Android One no big deal for India
CM Naidu sees "opportunity" in "crisis" ridden AndhraCM Naidu sees "opportunity" in "crisis" ridden Andhra
India Inc gets reprieve on governance normsIndia Inc gets reprieve on governance norms
Hindalco s five bauxite mines shut by JharkhandJharkhand govt shuts 5 Hindalco bauxite mines
Dev Chatterjee and Aditi Divekar | Mumbai Sep 16, 2014 12:49 AM IST
The Jharkhand government has shut five bauxite mines of Hindalco Industries, flagship company of the Aditya Birla Group. This follows a report by the Shah commission on illegal mining, which had alleged such mining was causing widespread damage to the environment and losses to the exchequer.
Earlier, the Supreme Court had reserved its verdict on Hindalco’s Mahan  mine in the coal block allocations case. The action against Hindalco follows similar moves by the Jharkhand government against Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL) and Tata Steel. Jharkhand  earlier ordered the closure of 12 iron ore mines and a few manganese mines in that state. These include SAIL’s mines in Budhaburu, Durgaiburu, and Kiriburu-Meghahatuburu and Tata Steel’s Noamundi mine.
In its report on Jharkhand, the Shah commission had said in 2000-2009, the royalty per million tonnes (mt) of iron ore was meagre, adding, due to this, the lessees had recorded windfall profits. “During the deemed extension when unlawful mining was carried out, the loss to the state is required to be compensated by recovery of value equivalent to the market rate or export rate, whichever is applicable in individual cases, with exemplary penalty after following due course of law,” the report had said.
Analysts say assuming all Tata Steel and SAIL iron ore mines in Jharkhand are shut for the next six months and both companies import iron ore, their book values will take a hit of two per cent and six per cent, respectively. “We forecast incremental cost of importing iron ore of Rs 1,365 crore ($228 million) and Rs 3,885 crore ($648 million) in FY15 for Tata and SAIL; this will impact their profits after tax 18 per cent and 97 per cent, respectively,” said a Goldman Sachs report dated September 8.
“However, if the Jharkhand government allows mining to start for steel producers, we expect the impact to be negligible. The actual impact could be less, given iron ore companies typically have inventory of up to 45 days,” the report added. India’s iron ore production declined from a peak of 219 mt in FY10 to 136 mt in FY13, primarily due to various regulatory and policy interventions.
In May, the Supreme Court had imposed a temporary ban on 26 iron ore and manganese leases (of a total of 56) operating on second and subsequent renewals in Odisha. It had directed the Odisha government to consider all renewal applications within six months. Subsequently, the state government had issued an order to restart mining for eight of the 26 affected leases, including four leases of Tata Steel, three of SAIL, and one of Odisha Mining Corporation.
While Tata Steel did not comment, a SAIL spokesperson said, “We are making efforts to get clearances for the mines from the Jharkhand government and till the time we do not have access to these mines, we will use the ore from our stocks.”
He, however, declined to specify the stock levels and the period for which the stock would suffice.
“We also plan to source ore from other iron ore mines of SAIL,” he added. In its report, the Shah commission had said if illegal mining was allowed to go on, it might lead to irreparable damage to the environment and if it was stopped, there might be irreparable damage to economic interest. “In case of doubt, however, protection of environment will have precedence over the economic interest,” the commission had said.
STRINGENT NORMS
The action against Hindalco follows similar moves by the Jharkhand government against SAIL and Tata Steel
Jharkhand has already ordered the closure of 12 iron ore mines and a few manganese mines in the state
These include SAIL’s mines in Budhaburu, Durgaiburu, and Kiriburu-Meghahatuburu and Tata Steel’s Noamundi mine

European Space Agency Picks Site for Comet LandingPeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

Hands off with Heathrow s podsHands off with Heathrow's autonomous pod cars
Matthew Phenix
About the author
Editor of BBC Autos, Matthew is a former editor at Automobile Magazine and the creator of the digital-only Roadtrip Magazine. His automotive and travel writing has appeared in such magazines as Wired, Popular Science, The Robb Report and Caribbean Travel + Life. He lives in Los Angeles with his wonderful wife and four-year-old daughter.
 
Read more about these links.
These autonomous people-movers run along a closed course between Heathrow's Terminal 5 and the Business Car Park, 2.4 miles away. (Matthew Phenix)
Tucked in a corner of Terminal 5 at London’s Heathrow airport, the future of urban mobility is quietly unfolding.
Related
High-voltage Harley
Since 2011, on a closed course between the terminal and the Business Car Park, 2.4 miles away, a fleet of 21 diminutive passenger pods have ferried as many as 1,000 passengers each day, quietly logging well more than 1m autonomous miles in the process. It’s a small-scale experiment, commissioned by Heathrow Airport Holdings Limited and built by UK-based Ultra Global PRT (for Personal Rapid Transit), but its success – measured by cost savings, environmental impact and user-friendliness – may help define locomotion in the city of tomorrow.
This is no miniature railway; Ultra pods are real cars, with rubber tires and untethered, battery-driven powertrains. Although they offer space for as many as six people and their luggage, they are compact, measuring 12ft long, 5ft wide and 6ft tall; and lightweight, tipping the scales at just 1,870lbs, including a 141lb battery pack. At its 25mph top speed, the pod draws only 2kW of electricity and hums along at 35dB (quieter than a refrigerator). Pods self-monitor battery level, occasionally excusing themselves at station stops for “opportunity charging”.
Pods wait in the station at Heathrow's Terminal 5. (Matthew Phenix)
More than a novelty, the Heathrow pod network boasts some impressive environmental claims. The system already meets Kyoto Protocol 2050 projections, delivering a 50% reduction in per-passenger carbon emissions compared with diesel-powered buses and 70% compared with cars. By Heathrow’s estimate, the pods replace some 70,000 bus journeys each year. And unlike a shuttle bus, the average wait time for a pod is less than 10 seconds (80% of passengers have no wait at all).
Operation is splendidly simple. In the station, touch-screens allow riders to select their destination (Heathrow’s system offers only two outbound options). The doors open and a mellifluous recorded voice welcomes the rider and begins narrating the experience. After the passenger presses the “Close doors” and “Start” buttons, the pod autonomously backs out of its parking spot and hums away from the station.
Pods accommodate as many as six passengers and their luggage; controls couldn't be simpler. (Matthew Phenix)
It’s a five-minute ride from end to end, and the experience is altogether delightful. Crossing over seven roads and two rivers, a journey by Heathrow pod is more like a theme-park ride than a car-park transfer.
Of course, building a closed-course autonomous vehicle is decidedly easier than building one for the open road, à la the Google self-driving car , which must negotiate such obstacles as complex roadway interchanges, pedestrians and non-autonomous vehicles. But simplicity has its advantages. The pods themselves, which use mostly off-the-shelf automotive hardware, have proven highly reliable, and the system’s lightweight infrastructure – slender, easily installed trackways and flyovers – is, says Ultra, between six and 10 times more resource-efficient than typical road or rail systems.
Pods self-monitor battery status, occasionally excusing themselves at station stops for "opportunity charging". (Matthew Phenix)
And Ultra has big plans for its little pods. Working with investors in India, the company intends to build a 4.8-mile elevated circuit in the city of Amritsar, about 285 miles north of New Delhi. This network will include seven stations and more than 200 pods capable of transporting some 50,000 passengers a day. And in November 2013, Ultra Global PRT and Taiwan-based China Engineering Consultants completed a feasibility study for the implementation of a sprawling PRT system New Taipei City, population 6.9m. 
While it is not difficult to imagine specific pod applications – within city centres, for example, or between cities and airports – an all-pod future is a decidedly loftier proposition. A pod network like Heathrow’s works because riders can grab any pod, at any time, with no waiting. And while the service is personal, it isn’t private. The question is, will future drivers be willing relinquish the privilege of owning the cars of their choice – and the freedom of driving those cars themselves – for the convenience of a hands-off motoring future?
Are you willing to trade car-ownership for a pod future? (Matthew Phenix)
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Apple s iOS 8 to bring back push-to-talk featureApple introduces push-to-talk feature in iOS 8
ANI     Washington   Last Updated: September 12, 2014  | 16:43 IST
(Photo: Associated Press)
The old Push-To-Talk (PTT) feature that enabled users to send voice messages is now set to make a comeback with Apple introducing the feature in its iOS 8.
According to a report by The Verge, PTT has been reincarnated by Apple as "voice messages". It will allow users to send voice messages with a quick tap.
The feature can also be availed in the Apple Watch.
The report added that the feature is perfect and convenient for situations when one cannot type a text.
"Apple has combined the best of PTT with the best of text message service and has developed a feature that is fast, easy, asynchronous and lightweight," it said.

Rivals ParkWhiz  SpotHero grab spots at Chicago Venture SummitRivals ParkWhiz, SpotHero grab spots at Chicago Venture Summit
Caption SpotHero
Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune / 2011
Mark Lawrence, left, and Jeremy Smith founded SpotHero, a parking spot rental app built on data from the City of Chicago and other local agencies.
Mark Lawrence, left, and Jeremy Smith founded SpotHero, a parking spot rental app built on data from the City of Chicago and other local agencies. (Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune / 2011)
Caption ParkWhiz
ParkWhiz
Asheesh Dalal is co-founder and CEO of ParkWhiz, which helps consumers find and book a parking space in advance.
Asheesh Dalal is co-founder and CEO of ParkWhiz, which helps consumers find and book a parking space in advance. (ParkWhiz)

Founder-market fit: Kevin Willer  Chicago VenturesFounder-market fit: Kevin Willer, Chicago Ventures
Kevin Willer, partner at Chicago Ventures, on the importance of the "founder-market fit."
Kevin Willer, partner at Chicago Ventures, on the importance of the "founder-market fit."

BSE midcaps hit 10K after 6 years  NSE midcaps at new highprint
The rally in midcap stocks on India's premier bourses hit a new peak on Friday, with the NSE CNX midcap index closing at a record 11,916.3, and the BSE midcap index regaining the 10,000 mark after more than six years.
The broader market was almost flat, with the BSE Sensex closing at 27,061.04, a rise of 65 points, and the NSE Nifty at 8,105.50, up 19.80 points up. The Sensex had lost over 300 points in the last three trading sessions, mainly on worries over early rate hikes by the US Fed, among others.
The BSE midcap index hit 10,019 during intra-day trade before slipping slightly to close at 9983.08. It hit its record high of 10,246 during intra-day trade on January 8, 2008.
The NSE CNX midcap, which comprises over 13% of the stocks traded on the exchange, hit an intra-day high of 11,924.1 as investor sentiment ruled high across sectors. Midcap indices have been on an upward trend this month, with the BSE and NSE midcaps gaining 5.7% and 5.1% respectively so far in September, outperforming the Sensex and Nifty, which are up 0.72% and 0.97%.
Top gainers on Friday included Amara Raja Batteries, Gujarat Pipapav Port Ltd and Gujarat State Fertilisers and Chemicals.
"Sentiments alone cannot sustain a rally," cautioned Sanjeev Zarbade, vice-president, private client group research at Kotak Securities. "Many midcap stocks are trading at a discount to their true value, but in the long term, there will be a weeding out of true value companies. There are many companies that you would not buy on their current balance-sheet, but investors chasing high returns and undiscovered ideas are betting on turnarounds.
"We are seeing buyers coming at decline," said Jagannadham Thunuguntla, head of research at SMC Global Securities Ltd. "This is the perfect demonstration of a bull market. However, investors need to be cautious as there could be mistakes in euphoria."

Summitry over substanceDevesh Kapur: Summitry over substance?
Devesh Kapur |  Sep 14, 2014 09:50 PM IST
Expectations of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the United States later this month need to be modulated with stiff doses of reality. Structural weakness in the United States means that it cannot offer much; and what can be offered is further limited by India's inability to leverage it to advantage.
In contrast to the last few years, there is a perceptible shift in the dynamics of the relationship between the two counties. Although President Barack Obama had developed a warm and personal relationship with former prime minister Manmohan Singh, the latter's manifest political weakness meant that this personal chemistry yielded few tangible results.
Now, when Mr Modi heads to the United States, the shoe is on the other foot. While the jury is still out on his domestic policies and programmes, there is little doubt that he has shown purpose and dexterity on the foreign policy front - both wooing and lining up suitors - while the United States has by and large remained a bystander. A confident Indian prime minister faces a beleaguered and distracted United States president. On the domestic front, President Obama's dreadful relationship with the Republican-controlled Congress has stymied him at every step. And on the international front, he is distracted by crises - from Ukraine to the West Asia to the South China Sea - where the limits to American power are palpable and its mystique is eroding.
The emerging structural weakness of American power means that a key lubricant of power in the modern age - money to underwrite programmatic initiatives - is simply not there. Both Japan and China are willing to commit - at least in principle - to considerable amounts of money to build India's infrastructure. Of course, there is self-interest involved on the part of both governments. Sadly in the United States' case, not only are American firms more expensive but government financial support ranges from minimal to non-existent. Even the modest tools that the United States has such as the Exim Bank face the threat of being shut down by a Congress unwilling to renew its charter.
To take another example, the United States and India may differ on the specifics of controlling carbon emissions, but both have a common interest in undertaking serious research on mitigation and adaptation. Not only is there little money to develop new initiatives, instead, economic fears are keeping the pot bubbling on major irritants in the relationship - such as the United States Trade Representative (USTR)'s crusade on pharmaceutical intellectual property rights, or the unwillingness to sign a totalisation agreement, or periodically vilifying the H1-B visa programme. Money is not the answer - but it is helpful in finding answers.
The structural weaknesses of the United States are compounded by a perceptible lacuna in American bureaucratic resources - both number and competence - devoted to India. From the White House to the State Department to the Treasury, the leadership and personnel resources related to India are extremely limited. The trend toward centralising foreign policymaking in the White House has not been matched by a strong advocate of India within the White House of sufficient stature. In the same vein, the absence of a United States ambassador to India (indeed no one has even been nominated as yet), even after a less than stellar stint for the previous ambassador, speaks volumes of United States' priorities. Indeed if bureaucratic resources devoted to a country are any measure of "revealed preference" on how important the country is on the United States government radar screens, then in this administration the paucity of resources is pretty damning. And where resources are committed, as in USTR, India is seen as enemy number one.
One could argue that India is itself to blame, having shot itself in the foot with ill-advised policies over the last few years, and America's tepid interest is its logical outcome. But to the extent this is true, great powers do not stay great for long if they are primarily reactive.
Compounding these shortcomings is a state department that still devotes considerable resources on well-publicised annual reports on "worthy" issues ranging from religious freedom to human trafficking to human rights, whose hectoring report-card tone might please domestic constituencies but almost certainly raises hackles with emerging powers like India. Prison populations or gun-related deaths are also worthy causes - but if emerging powers write annual reports on these issues, it would hardly be helpful in strengthening their relations with the United States.
Unfortunately, where America has strengths, India has weaknesses. There are a range of issues where India has a lot to gain by partnering with American institutions. Take higher education or building "smart cities". But who would want to partner in higher education when the Indian regulatory institutions are All India Council for Technical Education and University Grants Commission ? And with the 74th amendment effectively gutted, cities in the United States do not have effective counterparts, since power continues to be concentrated at the state level.
This is not to say that there are areas where India cannot seek help from American public institutions. The Centers for Disease Control and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration are two excellent institutions that can help India build capabilities in important areas (epidemiology and weather modelling).
The heavy lifting in deepening the relationship will have to come from the two singular strengths of the American system: defence production and private-sector investment. In both cases, India needs help - but can only leverage American strengths if it moves rapidly to remove the multiple bottlenecks that have limited the potential gains.
India's stance on defence production has been that we would rather have our armed forces poorly equipped, and if not, give you money - lots of it, often in dubious ways - rather than have firms set up production facilities in India. There are few policies in India that have been as incredibly self-defeating as defence procurement. Given the fiscal pressures facing western defence contractors, India is in a much better bargaining position to invite them to set up shop within the country. And the United States has to consider whether it would rather keep the multiple controls on technology transfer - especially on non-strategic weaponry - or allow a core strength to be drained away to competitors.
But the bedrock of the relationship will have to be the private sector. That will require regulatory certainty, an improved macroeconomic environment and swifter policy implementation on the Indian side. Both sides have certain weaknesses that could limit the private-sector partnership. In the United States' case, some business sectors are too close to certain agencies of the United States government (the pharmaceutical sector being a prime example), leading the government to mistake the sectoral trees for the forest of the overall relationship. In the Indian case, the self-confidence of the CIIs and Ficcis notwithstanding, the private sector simply lacks any strategic vision. Whether that can (or will) change remains to be seen.
For these reasons expect a lot of pomp and professed bonhomie from this trip. But as regards substance, lower your expectations.
The writer is director of the Center for the Advanced Study of India at the University of Pennsylvania

Super Mario s not so super plansAbheek Barua: Super Mario's not so super plans
Abheek Barua |  Sep 14, 2014 09:48 PM IST
The currency that hogged the headlines over the past few days was the euro. After threatening to shoot past the 1.40 mark to the US dollar just a couple of months ago, the euro finally fell below the important 1.30 level as the European Central Bank (ECB) boss, Mario Draghi, unveiled a new set of measures to give the euro zone's still-sagging economy a boost. First, he cut in the headline refinance rate (Europe's equivalent of our repo rate) from 0.15 per cent to 0.05 per cent, but that was largely "priced into" the asset markets. After all, which card-carrying central banker could look askance as deflationary pressures build up rapidly? The central bank, incidentally, revised its inflation target for the current year from 0.7 per cent to 0.6 per cent. While the policy moves might be good for growth at least in theory, it implies lower yields on European bonds and deposits. This reduces the incentive for global bond holders to hold European paper and induces a flow of capital away from Europe. The measures are also an admission of the fact that the region's economy is indeed faring badly. Both drive depreciation in the euro.
The two things that did move the markets were the cut in the deposit rate at which banks park their money with the ECB from -0.1 per cent to -0.2 per cent (no, it's not a misprint; banks have to pay to park their surpluses). Draghi apparently expects this so-called "hot potato" effect to persuade banks to lend to companies (particularly the SMEs) instead of being lazy and putting all the cash that the ECB creates back in its coffers. The second, and perhaps more radical decision, was to operationalise the purchase of asset-backed securities (ABSs), a plan tentatively announced in June, from October. This is a limited version of quantitative easing ("QE lite" as the markets have christened it) that the US did with great gusto and entails the infusion of fresh liquidity. Why isn't the ECB also buying back sovereign bonds then a la Ben Bernanke? The simple answer: Germans hate the idea and see it as a way of indulging fiscally errant sovereigns who have over-borrowed and shaky banks that hold this sovereign debt.
The billion-euro question is: will this work? The problem with the region is that its policies after the sovereign debt crisis of 2011 quickly fell prey to the dogma of "structuralism". This school of thought, championed quite predictably by the ever thrifty and super hard-working Germans, espouses almost a religious passion for austerity, fiscal discipline and reform even for economies that are in the deep throes of recession. This is in direct contrast to the Keynesian view (now passe among economists except the solitary Paul Krugman, but popular with hard-nosed politicians - a senior British politician once told me that the enthusiasm for austerity during an economic downturn was "plain daft") that believes fiscal stimulus is the only way to dig yourself out of a recession. Thus, if the Keynesians are to be heard, Europe's current mess is the result of inadequate fiscal stimulus and, in fact, the withdrawal of stimulus when it was needed the most.
Thus, Draghi's problem is a variant of the "it's the economy, stupid" syndrome. Unless the euro zone's economies revive, there are unlikely to be takers for loans even if there's lots of money floating around. The targeted longer-term refinancing operations effectively opened a spigot of cheap euros for the banks in June this year. That hasn't made much of a difference to lending. Thus, the question of how more liquidity through these ABS purchases could change the game remains.
There is yet another more analytical critique of this easy-money policy that comes from economists who attribute the slowdown in the region to balance sheet "deleveraging" by households, firms and banks. Their central point is that if this is indeed the recession driver, conventional monetary policy is unlikely to work. This deleveraging or balance sheet lightening means that individuals and companies are averse to taking new loans even if borrowing costs are close to zero.
But before getting too pessimistic about the ECB's efforts, a quick check on what the US' different QE programmes achieved is warranted. The second instalment of QE or QE2 that was introduced in the last quarter of 2010 and amounted to 600 billion US dollars' worth of bond purchases, did little to spur loan growth or revive the real economy. However, it did halt deflationary pressures and pulled up inflation expectations. So, if "price stability" is indeed the principal objective of Europe's monetary authority, monetary expansion might just do the trick. However, for it to be successful, the low-calorie QE version is unlikely to work. Draghi might just have to buy back European sovereign bonds, whether the Germans like it or not, if the plan is to succeed.
The US labour markets wobbled a little in August as the number of jobs added fell way below market expectations. Some analysts expected the dollar to shed a little weight on the back of this data release, but that was not to be. Most analysts believe that the US recovery is well-entrenched and these periodic wobbles are really aberrations rather than the harbinger of a trend. That said, these dips in labour market performance should give the doves in the US Fed the upper hand and while the withdrawal of QE3 by October is taken as a foregone conclusion, a rise in the policy rate seems some distance away.
The writer is with the ICRIER.
These views are his own

Global Competitiveness Report 2014-15 - We can improve if we want toMadan Sabnavis: Global Competitiveness Report 2014-15 - We can improve if we want to
Madan Sabnavis |  Sep 14, 2014 09:46 PM IST
It is but natural that we have taken umbrage at the World Bank Doing Business concept as some of the numbers reported are incorrect. But from a progressive view, one needs to keep an open mind and introspect when such numbers are put up and look at ways of improving the "parameters" on which we did not score well. The World Economic Forum has brought out its Global Competitiveness Report for 2014-15 that ranks us 71 in a set of 144 countries. Further, it states that our position has slipped continuously in the last six years and in terms of rank is lower than the other BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India and China) nations. The Confederation of Indian Industry is an affiliate organisation and a lot is based on replies to a questionnaire sent out. Therefore, one should treat these numbers as having some value. There will, of course, tend to be biases since industry responses will tend to be more demanding of the system.
The report looks at 12 pillars classified under three headings of basic requirements (four pillars within), efficiency enhancers (six pillars) and innovation and sophistication (two pillars). We do not rank well under the basic requirements with a rank of 92, within which we hit the middle with a rank of 70 for institutions, 87 for infrastructure, 101 for macros and 98 for health and primary education. We do better with efficiency enhancers with a rank of 61, within which we gain a lot in terms of market size with the third rank and 51 for financial markets developments. For the others it is quite abysmally low for higher education (93), goods market efficiency (95), labour market efficiency (112), and technology (121). The overall rank has been propped by the third criteria of innovation and sophistication, which have ranks of 59 and 57 respectively.
The report looks at both absolute data and perceptions through surveys since this is what finally counts when one has to analyse, in a relative sense, how countries fare. There are 114 parameters within these 12 pillars that have elicited views. In general, it was found that 40 per cent of the respondents found access to finance, taxes paid, financial regulation, and infrastructure and tax regulation to be the main stumbling blocks. Another 15.6 per cent found corruption and government red tape as being irksome, while 17.7 per cent found labour regulation, changes in government and its policy as being barriers to business. Uneducated workforce and low work ethic accounted for another 11 per cent of the problems for industry.
The table (Pillars of performance) has highlighted the score that India gets for 40 of the 114 parameters and juxtaposes them with the average for the world. The scale runs from 1-7 with 7 being the best and 1 the lowest.
What are the key takeaways from this table? First, we need to appreciate that India has done better than average on several scores, especially in the area of sophistication and innovation.
Second, contrary to perception, the government has not been quite an inhibiting factor relative to the average in the world even though this does come high in the list of grievances. Therefore, economic reforms have brought about substantial changes in the way in which we function.
Third, infrastructure is a major lacuna in our growth story and clearly, the emphasis has to be on bringing about rapid development to sustain growth. Surprisingly, the railways, a public sector venture, has done us well on the global map.
Fourth, corporations also need to do something about governance standards, both in the way they operate as well as the conduct of their boards. Fifth, there is still a lot to be done on the social front (not provided in this table since the elements have absolute numbers and not scores). Health and primary education needs improvement and the government should continue to channel efforts here. There have been some moves made on financial inclusion, but this needs to be expanded to ensure equitable growth. This can be related to the fact that our reforms process has been largely driven by focusing on the productive sectors i.e. industry and services, to the neglect of these sectors.
At a broader level, a rank of 71 calls for some serious effort to be put in since we need to leverage the high economic growth that we have attained to become more competitive or else we will lose out to other nations when it comes to attracting investment. We should refrain from getting into a denial mode and bring about improvements. In fact, on the positive side, we can take pride in remaining attractive notwithstanding these failings. Clearly, bringing about these improvements will take India to another level. The current government has it in its veins to do so, and one does hope to see this rank improve substantially in the next three to four years.
The writer is chief economist, CARE Ratings
These views are personal

Is Adversity Foe or Friend -- Answer the 3 Questions of the Entrepreneurial Challenge- Winston Churchill, British Prime Minister during the Second World War
I was inspired to write this post after reading an essay by Harvard business professor Thomas Eisenmann. He tells a great story about the lesson he learned after quitting his high school baseball team. He then makes some salient points about how negative experience can be turned to the positive through a strategy of anticipating and leveraging adversity.
If you can't fail, you can't learn. And if you can't learn, you can't improve ... Great entrepreneurs are ... disciplined about learning from failure. They rely on the scientific method, formulating hypotheses about their new business and structuring experiments to test those hypotheses. They expect that many of these tests will fail. Thomas Edison knew this when he invented the light bulb. He famously said, "I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work."
But it's not just entrepreneurs that can turn adversity into opportunity. All people face startup-like challenges. And we all benefit from learning and perseverance.
I believe much hinges on how we exercise our free will to create a personal resiliency.
In fact, you can give yourself your own entrepreneurial leadership test by answering the questions below. Call it Crandell's Challenge:
Can you commit to what you really care about? How?
Can you maintain that commitment even as outside events batter you, even as you prove yourself to be frail and fallible, even as you have to radically change your strategy and goals? How?
Can your live your every day life with the durability, flexibility and transcendence of love? How?
Write your answers in the comments section below if you feel so motivated. I'd like to hear your approaches to building an entrepreneurial capacity. And I believe other Huffington Post readers may find your strategies inspiring. Thanks.
Follow Steven Crandell on Twitter: www.twitter.com/stevencrandell
More:

Dabur recommends interim dividend of Rs 1.25 per shareE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Satyam case: Ramalinga Raju  other accused asked to appear in court on Oct 27E-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Yes Bank cracks over 4% as limit for FII hits triggerYou are here: Home > Collections
Yes Bank slips over 2% as FII investment reaches trigger limit
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 11.30AM IST
Tags:
FII
(Foreign investors will…)
NEW DELHI: Yes Bank Ltd fell over 4 per cent in trade on Monday, after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) said that FIIs need approval to buy equity in private sector lender Yes Bank as it has reached the limit allowed for overseas shareholding.
Foreign investors will need the Reserve Bank's approval to buy equity in private sector lender Yes Bank as it has reached the limit allowed for overseas shareholding, PTI reported on Friday.
At 11:29 a.m.; Yes Bank was trading 4.04 per cent lower at Rs 607.40. It has hit a low of Rs 606.35 and a high of Rs 624.20 in trade today.
RBI said foreign shareholding limit in Yes Bank through FIIs/ Registered Foreign Portfolios Investors (RFPIs)/ NRIs/ Persons of Indian Origin/ Foreign Direct Investment/ American Depository Receipt/Global Depository Receipts has reached the trigger limit.
"Therefore, further purchases of equity shares of this bank would be allowed only after obtaining prior approval of the Reserve Bank," RBI said in a release.
RBI monitors the ceilings on FII/NRI/PIO investments in Indian companies on a daily basis.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Digitisation could reduce cash circulation by up to 30%  says reportDigitisation could reduce cash circulation by up to 30%, says report
Nupur Anand | Mumbai Sep 15, 2014 03:34 PM IST
As digitisation gains ground, there is a possibility of 30-40% of cash in circulation being replaced by digital transactions, says a report by Boston Consulting Group (BCG)
 
"Paper money, which has dominated transactions for centuries, could be on its way out. We see the warning to cash. There is a clear possibility of 30-40% substitution of cash in circulation in India with digital," the report says.
 
Banks have been working on making branches and backend more digital-friendly. According to the report, experts believe that this will not only boost productivity but also that the proper use of technology can be an important factor in “trimming the increasing bad loans that the banking sector has been battling with”. 
 
"By digitising processes end to end, engaging customers on digital channel for sales and transactions, and collectively working towards eradication of cash, banks can achieve up to 30% jump in sales productivity, reduce administrative staff by 10-15% and improve back office staff productivity by 20% per cent," it says.
 
BCG believes that banks that have a strong control over the payments system in the industry will be more successful in the process of digitisation. This is because, going ahead, most of the payments growth is likely to be on digital channels such as internet, mobile, POS, and ECS. These channels are expected to serve specialised purposes and the global consulting firm sees it as a "tectonic paradigm shift”.
 
With private sector lenders leading the way in digitisation and providing better customer services, public sector banks (PSBs) also need to step up the effort by providing better customer experience. The report points out that the competitiveness of PSBs could decline further if they do not address issues like talent constraints and overarching control in terms of decision making. In fact, BCG believes that smaller public sector banks are at a greater risk of falling behind. 
 
"The smaller public sector banks are at a particular risk of rapid decline given their poor investment in transformation,” the report warns. “They lag significantly on virtually every dimension of digital preparedness. In our view, this should be a primary consideration in the blue print for consolidation of public sector banks in India.” 
 

Shale investing: sweet spot or sink hole© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/8d0d6370-3a7b-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Amazon sparks India ecommerce warAmazon $2bn investment sparks India ecommerce war
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/47cba032-17c2-11e4-b842-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ecommerce site Flipkart raises $1bnIndian ecommerce site Flipkart raises $1bn
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/c3d1d222-1719-11e4-8617-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India investigates ecommerce websitesIndia launches probe into ecommerce websites
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/09f54936-d4f9-11e3-9187-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Veg oil imports touch record high of 13.3 lakh t in AugVeg oil imports touch record high of 13.3 lakh t in Aug
Suresh P Iyengar
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
Vegetable oil imports increased 75 per cent in August to touch a record high of 13,33,480 tonnes (7,57,830 tonnes).
The shipments were the highest-ever since imports were allowed in India under open general licence in 1994. The previous highest level was at 11.6 lakh tonnes recorded in January last year, according to the Solvent Extractors’ Association of India.
Scrapping of export duty
Import of vegetable oils into the country was boosted by the scrapping of duty by Malaysia, one of the largest exporters of edible oil. Saddled by huge inventory, the exporting countries have decided to do away with the export duty on palm products.
Malaysia has allowed duty-free export of palm products since September from $35 a tonne in August, while Indonesia, which charges nine per cent or $66 a tonne, on exports is expected to follow suit in October, the association said.
Edible oil prices
Domestic edible oil prices may come under pressure, with the exporting countries largesse and a sharp fall in international prices to 2008-levels. The expected fall in prices may cast a gloom on farmers growing oilseeds as they will harvest their kharif crop in the next 5 to 6 weeks.
There is an urgent need to support farmers by increasing the import duty on crude vegetable oils to 10 per cent from 2.5 per cent and refined vegetable oils to 25 per cent from 10 per cent, it said.
Inventory pile-up
Import of soybean oil in August jumped to a record level of 3,50,373 tonnes in August breaching the previous high of 3,06,068 tonnes logged in the preceding month. India imported 1,321,345 tonnes of edible oil and 12,135 tonnes of non-edible oil.
However, import of non-edible oil in August more than halved to 12,135 tonnes (28,794 tonnes). The overall import of non-edible oil in the past ten months was down 37 per cent at 155,926 tonnes (246,724 tonnes). Major non-edible oils that were shipped in include palm fatty acid distillate and crude palm kernel oil.
As on September 1, edible oil stock at various ports is estimated at 860,000 tonnes, up by about 50 per cent from the previous month and about 960,000 tonnes is in the pipeline.
Inventory at ports includes 3,60,000 tonnes of crude palm oil, 1,05,000 tonnes of refined palmolein, 2,50,000 tonnes of degummed soybean oil, 1,40,000 tonnes of crude sunflower oil and 5,000 tonnes of rapeseed (Canola Oil). Total stock, both at ports and in pipelines, increased to 18,20,000 tonnes from 15,90,000 tonnes in August.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Buying a diesel car makes less economic sense now: Check out the mathE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

D-Street is likely to correct further on global cuesYou are here: Home > Collections
Snowman Logistics hits upper circuit of 5% as Reliance Mutual Fund buys shares
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 11.16AM IST
Tags:
investments
(With players like Damani entering…)
MUMBAI: Shares of newly listed Snowman Logistics were locked at 5 per cent upper circuit in trade after mutual funds and a big player bought shares in bulk deals on listing day.
According to data available on the NSE, Reliance Mutual Fund tax saver (ELSS) fund bought 16,00,000 shares at Rs 79.80 per share and Reliance Mutual Fund bought 20,00,000 shares at Rs 79.04 per share.
Ace investor Radhakishen Damani's fund Derive Investments also bought 23,70,023 shares at Rs 79.67 a piece.
With players like Damani entering the company, sends out bullish view in the market. The stock is likely to see more upmove in the coming sessions, say analysts.
The stock has surged 75 per cent in just two sessions as it moved to Rs 82.65 from issue price of Rs 47.
At 10:50 a.m.; the stock was at Rs 82.65, up 5 per cent, on the BSE. There were 19.05 lakh pending buy orders and no sellers in the stock.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Soft China Figures Weigh on MarketsPeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

PSU banks can return 14-16% returns in next few days | Why market has run out of steamBank Nifty
(Within the banking lot,…)
MUMBAI: The Nifty is being dragged lower by losses in Bank Nifty but PSU banks are an exception. The PSU Bank Index is not only up in trade today but gave a strong buy signal recently.
"PSU Banks are trading at very low valuations as compared to private sector banks and it has been observed historically that a revival in the economic growth invariably leads to the re-rating of these banks," said CD EQuisearch report.
"Concerns on worsening asset quality have led to the de-rating and any revival in the economic growth of the country will lead to not only reduction in further impairment of assets but also recovery in the already impaired assets," the report added.
Within the banking lot, the Bank Nifty has been making newer highs over the last two-three weeks, but the PSU banking lot was not participating.
However the CNX PSU Bank Index has given a fresh breakout and will be in action for next few days.
"There is strong action in the PSU banking stocks as well as the CNX PSU banking index. My belief is that the CNX PSU Banking index has given a strong buy signal. It should possibly test the high which it had made in month of June which is around 4000," said Mitesh Thacker, Technical Analyst, miteshthacker.com.
"It is at about 3,750-3,760 right now and may possibly surpass 4000 levels and head toward 4300 levels. If you are talking about broadly 12-13 per cent kind of upside in the CNX PSU banking index, then the stocks could possibly go up by 14-15-16 per cent or so," Thacker added.
RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan's comments that there was a need to change the management appointment process in public sector banks to make it more transparent also provided support to PSU stocks.
Analysts are of the view that PSU banks can give abnormal returns over a longer period of time
"GDP growth is always accompanied by improvement in asset qualities under stress of banks. While in the near term the private banks will continue to be preferred, PSU banks can give abnormal returns over a longer period of time," said Dilip Bhat, Joint MD, Prabhudas Lilladher.
"The main concerns of PSU banks still remain on governance, which often leads to high NPAs. However, with the new government in place, may be these concerns will give place to optimism," Bhat added.
According to Manishi Raychaudhuri, MD & Asia Equity Strategist, BNP Paribas, in the PSU banking universe, investors should stay relatively selective and cautious.
"There are a few PSU banks which simply because of their size tend to have an advantage in some situations. When some of the assets that these PSU banks have lent have a possibility of turning bad, they are in a relatively good position to absorb them because their large balance sheet size," he told ET Now.
Thacker has a buy on Oriental Bank of Commerce with the stop below Rs 288 for target of Rs 310.
He advises to buy SBI for target of Rs 2705 and keep a stoploss at Rs 2,600.
The PSU Bank Index was at 3,732.85, up 0.27 per cent against 0.62 per cent decline on Bank Nifty.
Andhra Bank rose 1.53 per cent and Bank of India was 1.24 per cent higher. SBI was down 0.58 per cent and Oriental Bank of Commerce was 1.23 per cent lower.
FEATURED ARTICLES

India s D-Street vs China s; top 5 stocks that can return upto 36%Here's why CLSA is overweight on India; top five stocks to bet on
ECONOMICTIMES.COM Sep 15, 2014, 04.54PM IST
Tags:
CLSA
(Chris Wood further added…)
NEW DELHI: India has been one of my favourite markets in Asia and remains so most particularly since the national elections 2014, said CLSA's Chief Strategist Chris Wood in an interview with ET Now.
"I am viewing India as a five-year story given the fact that Modi has been elected for five years," said Wood. In fact, he has allocated 41 per cent of his long only portfolio to India.
"We are coming close to the end of the QE tapering in the US. So, the nearer we come to the end of tapering, the bigger is the risk of a stock market correction. Even if there is going to be any trouble in the financial markets, it is going to be caused by rising credit spreads. If credit spreads do not rise, there would not be a problem," added Wood.
Chris Wood further said that he is viewing India as a five-year story given the fact that Modi has been elected for five years. "Modi is the most pro-business, pro-investment political leader in the world today. So in all likelihood he would get the investment cycle going again," he said.
The Modi administration is committed to lowering the fiscal deficit by 160 bps by FY17. The effect of his initiatives taken will become more visible from 2HFY15.
The early signs of the economic bottoming out are already in sight, which is good news for domestic recovery plays. CLSA is overweight on banks, autos and public sector undertaking companies.
In a recent report released last week, titled 'Bits & Pieces', CLSA said that the renewed investment cycle should significantly favour infrastructure asset owners and contractors such as Larsen & Toubro. Corporate lenders such as ICICI Bank and SBI should also benefit.
Among building material companies, they prefer Grasim. Ensuing job creation will be positive for discretionary consumption plays such as Bharti Airtel. State-owned oil companies will appreciate subsidy cuts and their favourite pick is ONGC.
The China Angle:
The size of the Indian equity market has surpassed both Australia and South Korea, making it the third largest ex-Japan market in Asia, behind China and Hong Kong, stated the report.
On most time-frames within the past 5 years, India's (the tiger) market has smashed China's (the dragon) China Enterprise index in local currency terms.
But due to the appreciation of the RMB and the INR's depreciation in USD terms, China has actually outperformed India over the past 3 years.
According to Chris Wood, the bad news is that China is cyclically slow, probably because the markets are correcting. But the good news is the government seems serious about reforms, which is a long-term positive.
If the anti-corruption campaign continues, that will be a short-term negative for growth, but that is again a long-term positive, he added.
A report authored by Francis Cheung of CLSA said that "we expected the market (China) rally to fade away by 3Q, but economy is weakening faster than expected. The government stimulus is having less of an impact which is highlighted by diminishing returns."
It will be difficult for China to meet this year's 7.5 per cent growth target, but another stimulus is unlikely for this year, added Cheung.
Although the market has rallied with government stimulus despite lacklustre results and slowing growth, but with weaker PMIs and continuing property correction, we are cautious on the market, added Cheung.
(The above article is compiled with inputs from a CLSA report, titled 'Bits & Pieces', released last week)
FEATURED ARTICLES

Fashion labels try digital experimentsTechnology in the spotlight at Burberry show
By Andrea Felsted, Senior Retail Correspondent
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/2b863236-3ab6-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Google s Sundar Pichai launches 3 Android One smartphones in India on Flipkart  Snapdeal  AmazonE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

How Big Data Enables Economic Harm to Low-Income Consumersreddit
Emerging big data platforms are playing a central role in increasing economic inequality and harming low-income sectors of the population, argues researcher Nathan Newman in public comments (link to FTC workshop page) submitted for a Federal Trade Commission workshop being held today on Big Data: A Tool for Inclusion or Exclusion?    The following is a summary of those comments.
Data has been called the " new oil " of the information age, an asset used by corporations to reshape markets and increase their market power and profits.  On the Internet, we see the rise of new "big data" platforms such as Google, Amazon, Apple, Facebook and others that accumulate ever-increasing information on consumer behavior, interests and needs.  While this data unquestionably increases the efficiency of the economy in numerous ways, what is in question is whether consumers are ultimately benefitting significantly from those productivity gains or whether that surplus is being largely captured by these "big data platforms." Worse, the increasing loss of control of private data by individuals seems to be leaving them vulnerable to economic exploitation by a range of corporate actors.
These big data platforms, what Jaron Lanier calls "siren servers" in his book, Who Will Own the Future?, attract consumers with a variety of services that encourage those users to part with personal data, which in turn is analyzed and combined with private information from other users in massive networks of computers.   These companies use that analysis to reshape markets -- "disrupt" in Silicon Valley parlance - and channel an ever greater share of economic wealth into the hands of these big data platforms.
There is a particular concern that "free services" on the Internet use consumer data for the benefit not of those users but for third-party corporate customers of those data platforms, particularly advertisers who drive a large portion of the revenue model of the online Internet economy.  While much of that advertising no doubt serves traditional advertising goals of strengthening brand awareness or promoting new products to consumers, the rise of behavioral profiling of consumers using the private data extracted by these big data platforms increases the use of advertising for more exploitative practices.
Big data platforms facilitate advertisers engaging in user profiling that aids those companies in extracting the maximum profit possible from consumers in the overall economy.  Advertisers can deliver ads not just to the users most likely to be interested in the product but can tailor prices for individual consumers in ways that can maximize the revenue extracted from each purchaser.   Consumers can be profiled and offered higher prices, unaware that other customers are getting better deals, while financially struggling houses are tagged as vulnerable and offered economically exploitative services such as payday and subprime loans.
This ability to charge different prices to different customers for the same good or service, what economists call "price discrimination," is based on the reality that people have different maximum prices they are willing to pay.   And profiling consumers helps advertisers identify this "pain point" for each customer and offer a different price to each customer matching that maximum price they are willing to pay without them knowing that other deals are available.
Recent research on online advertising details the consumer loss due price discrimination combined with consumer profiling.  Comparing traditional regimes of mass-market advertising to online advertising, researchers Rosa-Branc Esteves and Joana Resende found that average prices with mass advertising were lower than with targeted online advertising. Similarly, Benjamin Reed Shiller found that where advertisers know consumers willingness to pay different prices, companies can use price discrimination to increase profits and raise prices overall, with many consumers paying twice as much as others for the same product.
For less ethical companies, big data gives them the ability to seek out the most vulnerable prospects to exploit and entice them with scams and misleading offers.   Such niche scams and economically exploitive relationships can be focused on those most vulnerable to the scam's appeal, while remaining essentially invisible to everyone else, including reporters and researchers trying to evaluate the harms from online advertising methods.
The data broker industry even has a term -- "sucker lists" -- for the poor, old and less educated groups that they compile for such unethical marketers .  For example, people who reply to sweepstakes offers are put onto a list by one data broker company and offered to advertisers as an "ideal audience for...subprime credit offers" and other enticements.  Other lists include "suffering seniors" who are identified as having Alzheimer's or similar maladies.
Big data lay at the heart of the subprime mortgage and overall financial meltdown the nation suffered at the end of the last decade. Data crunchers were key to manipulating financial markets and securities throughout the financial industry and big data platforms were critical parts of the marketing machine that pushed subprime financial products out to the most vulnerable members of the American public.
In fact, by the mid-2000s, the lion's share of the online advertising economy was being driven by subprime and related mortgage lenders.  As Jeff Chester of the Center for Digital Democracy said back in 2007, "Many online companies depend for a disproportionate amount of their income on financial services advertising, with subprime in some cases accounting for a large part of it."
Since the rise of big data has coincided with the stagnation of incomes for average households, policy makers should be raising concerns that, alongside traditional explanations of rising inequality such as deunionization, globalization, and automation of unskilled jobs, the concentration of data into ever fewer corporate hands is helping to drive economic inequality in the broader economy.
In too many data platform services, one company is so dominant that consumers have little leverage to demand greater control of their data and less harmful use of that data.  Whether Google in search adverting, Facebook in social networks, Amazon in online retail, Netflix in video streaming, the dynamics of control of user data strengthen concentration in particular sectors.
Part of this are network effects that mean the more people participating on a service, the more valuable it is to other users of that service.  Part of the drive to concentration is that as companies collect user data, they gain competitive advantage against any potential challenger who will lack that user data in setting up any rival service.  Such data can be redeployed by dominant players not just to strengthen their position in existing services but used in related new services to expand their economic reach.  In this way, you see Google, Amazon, Apple and Facebook expanding rapidly into a multiplicity of emerging data-related fields, making it extremely hard for upstart companies to get a toehold except in very specific niches.
The upshot of this dynamic is that the marketplace is doing little to create options for consumers that might alleviate the misuse of consumer data, better protect user privacy or encourage big data platforms to better compensate users who are willing to share their data.  As the accumulation of all this data is in increasingly fewer corporate hands with little market pressure on those companies to respect the privacy of users, it is incumbent on federal regulators to take action to prevent those big data platforms from facilitating the use of user data in ways that harm consumers, particularly low-income, minority and other vulnerable members of the population.
While big data can benefit consumers in certain instances, regulators need to take action to address new consumer harms to users from its unregulated use by increasingly centralized data platforms. The Federal Trade Commission has itself highlighted some of these problems in a number of recent reports, as well as litigation against companies engaged in deception in collecting personal data, but it is clear that additional regulation and laws are needed to address the full scope of the harm to consumers.
What is clear is that big data platforms depend on aggressive practices that undermine user control of their data and largely serve third-party interests such as advertisers.  Given the size and dominance of many of these data platforms in their particular sectors, equally aggressive and far-reaching action by the federal government is needed to prevent the ongoing harms to consumers, particularly the most vulnerable members of society, detailed in these comments.  What is needed is a combination of strengthening individual user control of their data, structural changes in the market to encourage a more accountability to consumers in the marketplace, and public interest regulation of the larger big data platforms to ensure that they are held accountable, particularly in the realm of financial services, in areas where the market will not discipline their actions.
As more of the economy moves online, the importance of data mining and asymmetry of control of information becomes ever more critical in economic markets.  Addressing this change calls for far more active regulatory action to reverse the trends undermining user privacy and increasing economic inequality due to that rising information asymmetry.  Such action should lead to a greater focus on big data platforms sharing the financial bounty of user information with those users, serving both equity and competition.
Data mining of individual privacy is fundamentally reshaping markets by transferring so much knowledge about user interests, behavior and desires into a few corporate hands. Such information asymmetry is easily converted into economic inequality when one side of every transaction has so much more knowledge about the other during bargaining.   The last four decades have seen a steady increase in economic inequality , which is only partially explained by standard explanations centered on the rise of economic returns to education, globalized trade and political changes.  The increasing information asymmetry in consumer markets, driven by data mining and facilitated by online services may be an additional significant cause of this overall increase in economic inequality.
Government authorities using regulatory tools can stem at least part of this trend by restoring a degree of control by individuals over what personal data is shared online and the financial terms on which that data is shared.  This in turn can eliminate some of the information-based inequality in the modern marketplace that is driving overall economic inequality.
_____________
The author's public comments for the FTC workshop are adapted, with some additional research, from two law reviews published this year, the first of which, entitled " The Costs of Lost Privacy: Consumer Harm and Rising Economic Inequality in the Age of Google " and published in the William Mitchell Law Review, highlighted the economic harm to consumers and rising economic inequality stemming from big data.  The second, entitled " Search, Antitrust and the Economics of the Control of User Data " and published in the Yale Law Journal on Regulation, detailed the case for antitrust action against Google based on its control of user data and harm to consumers.  The author has been writing for twenty years about the impact of technology on society and wrote extensively about big data as a research fellow at the New York University Information Law Institute over the last two years.
Follow Nathan Newman on Twitter: www.twitter.com/nathansnewman
More:

AngloGold abandons plans to break upAngloGold Ashanti abandons plans to break up
By James Wilson in London and Andrew England in Johannesburg
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/5ef1f048-3cd1-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

India s exports rise 2.35%; imports up 2.08%India s exports rise 2.35%; imports up 2.08%
Zydus gets Gilead licence for Hepatitis C treatmentHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Zydus gets Gilead licence for Hepatitis C treatment
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Sept 15,
Cadila Healthcare Ltd (Zydus Cadila) on Monday said it has been granted generic licence by Gilead Sciences Inc, to manufacture breakthrough treatment of Hepatitis C.
The two companies have entered into a generic, non-exclusive licensing agreement to manufacture Sofobuvir and an investigational single tablet regime of Ledipasvir/ Sofobuvir for distribution in 90 developing countries, including India, for treatment of chronic Hepatitis C, according to a press release.
There are nearly 10 million patients suffering from Hepatitis C in India. The problem is further compounded by the fact that patients remain undiagnosed till the late stage and can ill afford the treatment, said Pankaj Patel, Chairman and Managing Director of the Zydus group.
Zydus Heptiza, the specialty division of the Zydus Group, which will be marketing the therapy, has been solely focused on improving treatment access in chronic viral Hepatitis. Over the last four years since launch, Heptiza is the only division present with an entire range of antivirals approved for hepatitis B & C management in India. It has been reaching out to high risk population with free screening for hepatitis B & C patients and has made available hepatitis B vaccination to patients, free of cost.
Under the licensing agreement, Zydus will receive a complete technology transfer of the Gilead manufacturing process to enabling production to be scaled up as quickly as possible. Zydus will set its own prices for the generic product, paying a royalty on sales to Gilead to support product registrations, medical education and training, safety monitoring and other business essential activities. The licences also permit the manufacture of sofosbuvir or ledipasvir in combination with other chronic hepatitis C medicines.
Sofosbuvir was approved under the trade name Sovaldi by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in December 2013 and by the European Commission in January 2014. The FDA and the European Medicines Agency are currently reviewing the company’s applications for a single tablet regimen of ledipasvir/sofosbuvir. It is an investigational agent and its safety and efficacy have not been established.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Hetero Drugs bags marketing rights for hepatitis C drug from GileadHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Hetero Drugs bags marketing rights for hepatitis C drug from Gilead
M Somasekhar
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept 15:  
Hetero Drugs has obtained licensing Rights to manufacture and market Sofosbuvir and combination drug Ledipasvir/Sofosbuvir with approval from Gilead Sciences Inc., USA.
As per an agreement signed by the Hyderabad-based, Hetero Drugs today with Gilead, it can market the drug in 90 countries. These include the territories of India, Asia Pacific, Sub-Saharan Africa and other least developed countries.
According to Vamsi Krishna Bandi, Director of the company the licensing association marks a significant milestone in ensuring the medicines are accessible globally and strongly address a public healthcare issue. The drug is used for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C.
Hetero Drugs is an established developer, manufacturer and marketer of pharmaceuticals and their active ingredients through their 30 manufacturing facilities across the globe and 200 products portfolio. It has a leading role in bringing affordable HIV medicines in developing countries.
The company is committed to bring hepatitis C medicines to India, where about 1.8 per cent of the population, affected by the problem would benefit. Through this agreement will provide access to affordable medicines, said BPS Reddy, the group Chairman in a statement here.
Hetero will leverage its R&D and manufacturing capabilities to quickly scale up to meet the huge demand of the medicines and offer them at competitive prices.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

After Japan  Modi plays Buddhist tune to woo Chinese PresidentModi to showcase Buddhist heritage in Gujarat during Chinese President’s visit
Our Bureau
Getting ready: Arrangements being made for Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit to Ahmedabad
Ahmedabad, Sept 15:  
Widely seen as India’s Hindutva poster boy since 2002, Prime Minister Narendra Modi now seems to be playing Buddhist tunes to woo the East after Kyoto, where he visited two Buddhist shrines last month. He will welcome the visiting Chinese President Xi Jinping this week with another Buddhist tune.
In August, Modi had included the old Japanese capital, Kyoto, as part of his official tour to visit the two ancient shrines of Toji and Kinkakuji, before he went to Tokyo.
Jinping, who is visiting Ahmedabad only for six hours on September 17—also Modi’s birthday—may have included Gujarat in a somewhat similar fashion as part of his itinerary. Modi’s hometown of Vadnagar (Mehsana district) was among the places visited by the world-famous Chinese pilgrim Xuanzang (Hieun tsang) in the mid-seventh century AD.
The Prime Minister has, in the past, been talking about promoting Buddhist circuits in India for global tourists and Buddhist pilgrims.
On Monday, Modi set the Buddhist tone for his date with Jinping when he made a series of tweets on his official Twitter handle @narendramodi, praising Buddhism and showcasing the “strong cultural bond” between India and China through Buddhist heritage.
The PM, expressed his eagerness to “welcome the President Xi Jinping in Ahmedabad”, and tweeted, “I am sure his visit will strengthen India-China ties.”
Referring to Xuanzang, who documented the presence of Buddhist monasteries and monks in Gujarat, Modi recalled the presence of 200 monasteries housing 10,000 monks.
These places included Vadnagar. “The place where I was born, Vadnagar, too has a rich Buddhist influence, including a monastery.”
Among other references, Modi also mentioned an Ashokan Edict in Junagadh in Saurashtra. “It shows Samrat Ashok’s reverence towards Buddhism & focuses on social & moral precepts,” Modi tweeted.
Seen as an attempt to attract the Chinese President and delegates accompanying him, the Prime Minister also placed a slideshow on the state’s rich Buddhist heritage on his personal blog, narendramodi.in, giving details about the presence of Buddhist heritage across Gujarat with its historical reference.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

No independent director in CIL may delay approval for MCL s power projectNo independent director in CIL, MCL power project nod may be delayed
Press Trust of India | Kolkata Sep 15, 2014 08:06 PM IST
Absence of any independent director in Coal India Ltd may delay board approval for Mahanadi Coalfields Ltd’s 1,600-MW maiden thermal power plant.
The MCL pithead power project which had been delayed for various reasons in the past, was ready to take-off once it gets approval from its own board and its parent CIL board.
“The board may take up the matter in the next meeting on September 17. Once it is cleared, it would reach the Coal India board for approval,” MCL Chairman and Managing Director A N Sahay had said.
But, since 50 per cent of the Coal India board strength remains vacant, the company may prefer to defer the decisions till new independent directors’ posts are filled.
Coal India board strength is of 14 members of which seven are for functional and seven are independent directors.
Currently, there are no independent directors on the board.
Former Coal India chairman N C Jha said technically the board can take decisions with 50 per cent strength, but it might not feel prudent to do it.
Ready with necessary infrastructure for the power project, Sahay said, “Once the CIL board gives its nod and clearances are received, it would take another three years for the power plant to come into operation.”
He said around 800 acres has already been acquired and water linkages are in place. The plant would utilise coal from MCL’s Basundhara coal mines.

MNREGA may be restricted only to tribal  backward districtsMNREGA may be restricted only to tribal, backward districts
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi, Sep 15:  
The government on Monday indicated that it may restrict the rural job scheme MNREGA only to tribal and backward districts of the country.
Rural Development Minister Nitin Gadkari said that the MNREGA guaranteeing up to 100 days of unskilled work in a year to every rural household is not required in areas having higher growth.
“MNREGA is not required in areas where per capita income is high, higher growth rate and higher agricultural growth rate... it is required only in tribal sector and (areas of) poor,” he said about the government’s view on MNREGA launched by UPA.
Government has allocated around Rs 33,000 crore for the scheme in 2014-15.
Launched in 2005, MNREGA has been an important source of income for millions of rural households — on an average 25 per cent of the rural households seek employment under the Act, annually.
MNREGA has contributed to increased rural wages across the country, empowerment of marginalised sections and improved natural resource management.
Gadkari said MNREGA funds should be utilised for water conservation works.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)

Chinese civilians in govt vehicles intrude i...Chinese civilians in government vehicles intrude into Ladakh area
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 10.07PM IST
Tags:
China President Xi's India Visit
(Syed Akbaruddin said…)
LEH/NEW DELHI: Ahead of President Xi Jinping's visit, Chinese civilians in government vehicles have entered Indian territory in Demchok in Ladakh and are preventing locals from working on an irrigation project there.
The Indian government sought to downplay the reports while maintaining that the boundary question would be discussed with the Chinese side.
"This is true that for the last one week, China is objecting and protesting against the work on an irrigation project in Demchok village which is close to the Line of Actual Control along with China border," Leh Deputy Commissioner Simrandeep Singh said.
He made these comments in the wake of reports that the Chinese Army had entered Indian territory and stopped the local villagers from work on the irrigation project under the NREGA scheme.
Singh said the Chinese civilians from a village across the LAC called 'Toshigang' were brought in government vehicles in large numbers to prevent the locals from working on the project.
Asked to comment on the issue, External Affairs Ministry spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said the "brave sentinels" on the border will address any issue that happens on the border. Whatever happens there, they will handle it, he said.
Regarding issues on the table, Akbaruddin said the unresolved issues including the boundary question and questions about the media reports would be addressed.
Meanwhile, the Army refused to comment on the media reports about the villagers.
A Brigadier-level flag meeting was held in Chushul earlier today where the issues of incursions and face-offs are learnt to have been raised by the Indian side.
Sources in the Army Headquarters said the meeting was scheduled earlier and had nothing to do with any specific incident.
FEATURED ARTICLES

US Stocks Start Week With Slight DeclinePeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

KCR gag statement: Press Council public hearing on TuesdayKCR gag statement: Press Council public hearing on Tuesday
K V Kurmanath
Tweet
Hyderabad, Sept. 15:  
The Press Council of India will hold a public hearing here on the alleged gag statements made by Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhara Rao to media houses. Scheduled to be held on September 16 at a hotel near the Chief Minister’s Camp Office in Begumpet, the public hearing will take the views of the journalists concerned.
The Council has set up a three-member committee to probe into the alleged violation of Article 19 (1) of the Constitution in the Chief Minister’s statements.
Addressing the Centenary celebrations of poet Kaloji Narayana Rao in Warangal last week, the Chief Minister reportedly said he would “break the necks and bury underground mediapersons” if they insulted Telangana culture and did not salute people of Telangana.
This triggered a nation-wide furore, with senior journalists like Kuldip Nayyar criticising the Chief Minister for trying to maim the media.
The other two points of reference for the committee set up on September 12 included whether there was any threat perception to the media in Telangana and its free functioning. It would also probe what steps were necessary for the protection of the media in the State in discharging its duties to the public.
The PCI consists of Rajeev Ranjan Nag (Convener), Krishna Prasad (Member) and K Amarnath (Member).
Appealing to journalists, editors, representatives of unions and other stakeholders, Rajeev Rajan said the committee members would go to Warangal on September 17 to ascertain whether the Chief Minister had actually made the comments attributed to him.
The committee sought appoints with the Chief Secretary, the Director-General of Police and the Chief Minister to seek their views on the issue, a PCI press release said here on Monday.
The MSOs (multiple system operators) of Telangana have banned telecast of TV9 and ABN Andhrajyothi for their anti-Telangana programmes in June. They refused to restore the signals despite several appeals by journalists and managements of the two channels and journalists’ unions.
The issue was discussed in Parliament too in the last session. Union Information and Broadcasting Minister Prakash Javadekar have asked the MSOs to lift the ban.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Planned Tuscaloosa Marine Shale Lodges Akin to Man Camps Elsewherereddit
This article was first published in "The Louisiana Weekly" in the Sept. 8, 2014 edition.
Oil and gas companies use on-site trailers and rent blocks of hotel rooms to house workers engaged in fracking the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale deposit. As oilfield and service staff reach a critical mass, particularly in southwest Mississippi, communities want to build crew lodges for them. A firm in Metairie, La. has negotiated with Mississippi's Pike County to construct modular units in McComb. Louisiana parishes are also considering these stopgap quarters. Meanwhile, man camps in North Dakota's Bakken deposit accommodate thousands of shale workers.
TMS exploration and hydraulic drilling is active in Amite, Wilkinson and Pike counties in Mississippi, and has accelerated in Tangipahoa and other parishes near southeast Louisiana's "boot strings."
"We're planning a 536-bed lodge in McComb, Mississippi, to be built in two phases on 40 acres east of Interstate-55" in Pike County, general manager Myer Stabinsky with CMS Consultants, LLC in Metairie said last week  "Phase I was to be completed early next year but it may be pushed back as we iron out final details with the county." Under the first phase, the company expects to provide 240 beds and 270 parking spaces, followed by another 296 beds and 309 parking spaces in a second round.
CMS's buildings will be a bit like college dorms or grad student housing. "They'll be studio apartments, with one or two beds and private bath, a table and a refrigerator," Stabinsky said. "They won't have stoves because we'll have a dining hall." Four studio apartments will be grouped in a building. Since construction will be modular, these units shouldn't take long to assemble, he said. The complex will have recreation and laundry facilities.
The name "Shale Lodge," used in the planning stage, will be changed to something more appealing, Stabinsky said.
Britt Herrin, director of Pike County's Economic Development District, said water and sewerage lines to the lodge will be financed by the City of McComb and Pike County. "The lodge will be within the new Gateway Industrial Park, containing offices for oilfield services companies, manufacturing and warehouses," he said. "Water and sewer lines to the park will eventually be paid for by revenue from property and sales taxes and by water and sewerage fees." The park is near the McComb-Pike County Airport.
Charlotte Batson, a shale oil-and-gas consultant in Mississippi, said TMS rig workers are housed in trailers at drill sites while other company employees and oilfield service staff stay in hotels. Hotel rooms in McComb are fully booked now. "One company wanted to rent an entire hotel for several months but the hotel turned them down," she said.
In Louisiana's West Feliciana Parish, TMS drilling is still in its early phase, Parish President Kevin Couhig in St. Francisville said. Operators have used hotels so far. "But we've worked with the industry to prepare for continued development, and it appears that quality temporary housing will be needed," he said last week. "We've met with several companies that provide those units, and we're evaluating locations for worker housing."
At TMS sites operated by Goodrich Petroleum Corporation, "our company people mostly stay on location at the drill site with the rig," spokesman Daniel Edwards Jenkins in Houston said. "We've rented housing that travels with the rig. We rent very nice, furnished trailers from an oil service company that specializes in that business. I've stayed in them myself."
When asked if Goodrich would use the McComb crew lodge when it's built, Jenkins said it won't be needed for the company's employees.
Meanwhile, at Encana Services Co., which is active in Amite County, Miss., "we're still in an exploration phase at this point so the number of Encana employees on site at any one time is fairly minimal," company spokesman Doug Hock in Denver said last week. Employees stay in local hotels, with the company picking up the tab. "Until we've made a decision on further commerciality of the play, we don't have plans to build or invest in any accommodation facilities," he said.
Fracking-related strains are growing in southeast Louisiana. "I've heard hotel rooms are booked in St. Francisville and other Louisiana towns," Dan Collins said. "If things really get cranking, I suppose we'll see man camps or other facilities being outfitted to lodge workers." Man camps mushroomed to accommodate Bakken oilfield workers in North Dakota in recent years. "North Dakota has those facilities because they're in the wilderness and have so many folks to house," Collins said.
Collins discussed fracking schedules. "A worker might be 14 days on and 7 days off; or 7 days on and 7 off; or 21 days on and 14 off, depending on company policy," he said. "When they're on, they sleep in trailers next to the rig and work in shifts. When they're off, they head home for R&R, or they might go to man camps to burn off their time."
In St. Francisville, Hamilton Willis, a consultant to landowners, estimated the number of active TMS rigs at eleven now. "My guess is that each site will involve almost 200 people, for at least some part of their operations," he said last week. "A rig carries two crews of about a dozen each, stationed and billeted on site. Frack crews have round-the-clock operations and also require supply men, or sand truck drivers."
Company men, who are mainly from headquarters, rotate in and out on two-week shifts, adding two to four people to the site. "Then there's the plug drilling crew, which is less than a dozen people," Willis said. In a fracking operation, a completion crew fractures the shale well a number of times. Between each fracking stage, the crew puts a rubber stopper or plug in place to isolate that phase from the previous one.
At a site, "corporate folks will be in and out from headquarters, bringing and retrieving data and instructions," Willis said. "Workers on the production side haul product and waste away, and they do maintenance to keep the site functional and neat."
And before any of that, surveyors, a construction crew and others set up the site, Willis said. Staff is required in the company's main office to oversee and assist the project. And when sites are producing, "there will be support matters like pipelines, employing people," he said.
About 60 wells have been drilled in the TMS, and many of those operations are three years old now, Willis said. At an average cost of $13 million per well, investment by oil operators is considerable. "A symphony of workers is required," he said. "And the companies are trying to use local contractors and providers where it's appropriate."
The workers are well paid and spread money around, Collins said. "Local establishments, bars, restaurants and shops in the closest towns burst with activity as oilfield workers spend their cash," he said. But these men away from home can also cause problems. North Dakota saw an influx of prostitutes, Collins said. And authorities there have had to deal with other impacts of the gender imbalance, like excessive drinking and barroom fights.
Because of fracking, the need for improvised housing is growing nationally. And low natural gas prices, weakened in part by northwest Louisiana's Haynesville shale extraction in recent years, have stimulated industries using gas, generating still more demand for temporary housing, Charlotte Batson said.
In southwest Louisiana, brigades of workers building Sasol's petrochemical plant, Magnolia LNG's liquid gas facility and the Sempra Cameron LNG project will need sleeping quarters. The $70 million Pelican Lodge, under construction now on Port of Lake Charles property, will accommodate up to 4,000 temporary employees. The planned Moss Lake Village in Calcasieu Parish is expected to sleep 2,500 away-from-home workers on Sempra's Cameron LNG project. end
More:

ArcelorMittal  Gerdau to sell US steel mill for $ 770 mHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
ArcelorMittal, Gerdau to sell US steel mill for $ 770 m
PTI
Tweet
New Delhi/Luxembourg, Sept 15:  
ArcelorMittal on Monday said it has inked a pact with Brazil’s Gerdau to sell their 50 per cent stakes in US-based Gallatin for $ 770 million, as part of its strategy to divest non-core assets.
“ArcelorMittal and Gerdau jointly announced today that they have entered into a definitive transaction agreement to sell their respective 50 per cent interests in Gallatin Steel Company (Gallatin) to Nucor Corporation for total cash consideration of $ 770 million, subject to customary closing adjustments,” the steel giant said in a statement.
Gallatin Steel is a joint venture between ArcelorMittal and Gerdau. Gallatin is a flat rolled mini-mill located in Gallatin County, Kentucky, USA that melts scrap, pig iron and hot briquetted iron from various sources, and processes the material to produce flat rolled steel.
It produces a wide range of steels from low to high carbon grades with an annual capacity of around 1.8 million tonnes.
“The sale of Gallatin unlocks substantial value for ArcelorMittal’s shareholders and is consistent with ArcelorMittal’s stated strategy of selective divestment of non-core assets. I would like to thank all our employees in Gallatin for their hard work and commitment during the years that we have co-owned this mill,” said Aditya Mittal, CFO of ArcelorMittal.
“The decision to sell Gallatin was made in order for Gerdau to focus on its core assets in North America. On behalf of Gerdau’s management, I would like to express gratitude to the whole team at Gallatin for their efforts in making Gallatin a great company”, said Gerdau’s chief executive officer (CEO) Andre B Gerdau Johannpeter.
The company said completion of the sale is subject to customary closing conditions, including expiration of the Hart Scott Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act waiting period. The closing of the transaction is not subject to any financing conditions and is expected to be realised by the end of 2014.
Gerdau is the leading manufacturer of long steel in the Americas and a major global supplier of special long steels.
The company recently began operations in two new Brazilian markets, with the production of flat steel and the expansion of its iron mining activities. Gerdau has industrial operations in 14 countries — the Americas, Europe and Asia — with a combined installed capacity of more than 25 million tonnes of steel a year. It is also Latin America’s biggest recycler and, worldwide, transforms millions of tons of scrap metal into steel every year.
ArcelorMittal is the world’s leading steel and mining company, with a presence in more than 60 countries and an industrial footprint in over 20 countries.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Alibaba to boost IPO size on  overwhelming  demand: sourcesAlibaba boosts IPO as demand strengthens
Alibaba
Alibaba's logo is seen at its headquarters on the outskirts of Hangzhou.
Alibaba's logo is seen at its headquarters on the outskirts of Hangzhou. (Chance Chan)
By Elzio Barreto, Fiona Lau and Liana B. Baker, Reuters
Initial Public Offerings Alibaba Group China eBay Inc.
Alibaba raised the price range on its IPO from $66 to $68.
Alibaba Group Holding Ltd raised the price range on its initial public offering from $66 to $68 on Monday, reflecting strong demand from investors for the year's most anticipated debut and potentially the world's largest-ever IPO.
The Chinese e-commerce company, which handles more transactions than Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc combined, has attracted investors keen to buy into the country's rapid growth and its evolving Internet sector.
The company and selling shareholders will now raise almost $22 billion at the top of the new IPO range. Alibaba remains on track to set an IPO record if underwriters exercise an option to sell additional shares to meet demand, overtaking Agricultural Bank of China Ltd's $22.1 billion listing in 2010.
Alibaba embarked on its roadshow for the IPO last week and attracted enough demand to cover its entire deal within two days, people familiar with the process said last week. Trading is expected to kick off this week.
0
The company and some shareholders previously offered 320.1 million American depositary shares at an initial $60 to $66 indicative range. It raised the price on Monday but left the number of shares unchanged.
Alibaba can still decide to price its IPO above the indicated range. But a source close to the deal told Reuters the final level will be "investor-friendly."
"Demand has been overwhelming since the launch," said the person, who couldn't be named because details of the IPO aren't yet public. "Increasing the price range was already on the cards from the beginning."
Reuters reported on Friday that Alibaba plans to close its IPO order book early, after it received enough orders to sell all the shares in the record-breaking offering.
OVERSEAS EXPANSION
Alibaba plans to expand its business in the United States and Europe after the much anticipated IPO, billionaire founder Jack Ma said on Monday as the Chinese e-commerce titan pitched its record deal to investors in Asia.
"After being listed in the U.S., we will develop our business in Europe and in the U.S.," Ma told a packed group of journalists ahead of his presentation to investors. "We will not give up the Asia market because, as I would say, we are not a company from China, we are an Internet company that happened to be in China."
The investor luncheon took place in a huge venue at the luxury Ritz Carlton hotel. The hotel shares the same building as three of the main bookrunners of the IPO, just an elevator ride away from Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank and Morgan Stanley offices, across the harbor from the city's financial center.
Fund managers and analysts were given orange bracelets to give them access to the banquet of smoked salmon, chicken breast and mango pudding. The event had two videos and a question and answer session with Ma answering most of the questions, according to investors at the presentation.
MISSED OPPORTUNITY
Alibaba picked New York for its debut after Hong Kong officials rejected its request to allow a small group of company insiders to nominate the majority of its board.
The request went against Hong Kong's "one share, one vote" principle, which has been staunchly defended by its securities regulator.
Ma, who is also Alibaba's executive chairman, said that the missed opportunity came about in part because of how Alibaba communicated its plans to local authorities, mirroring statements he gave last year.
"People say that Hong Kong lost the Alibaba deal. To me, I think it is Alibaba that missed this great opportunity to list in Hong Kong," Ma added. "We love Hong Kong. We will continue to love Hong Kong and invest in Hong Kong."
The company is expected to price the deal on Sept. 18. It will start trading a day later
(Reporting by Elzio Barreto and Fiona Lau of IFR; Additional reporting by Supriya Kurane in Bangalore; Editing by Matt Driskill, Bernard Orr)

Minecrafts creator sold out because he was sick of being a symbolCoders at Mojang, where the pressure of success reached a tipping point.(Reuters/Ints Kalnins)
SHARE
Max Nisen @MaxNisen
September 15, 2014
Microsoft formally announced today that it was buying Mojang, the company behind the massively popular, open world game Minecraft, a move that’s come as a shock to fans of the game.
Markus “Notch” Persson, the game’s creator and Mojang’s majority shareholder, never expected Minecraft to become a global phenomenon. But it did, and as a consequence he became a public figure, the owner of an incredibly profitable company, and a prominent symbol for the struggle of independent game development.
Seemingly every statement or tweet from him got put under a microscope. The attention made him increasingly uncomfortable, he wrote in a personal blog post  about the decision to sell:
I was at home with a bad cold a couple of weeks ago when the internet exploded with hate against me over some kind of EULA situation that I had nothing to do with. I was confused. I didn’t understand. I tweeted this in frustration . Later on, I watched the This is Phil Fish video on YouTube and started to realize I didn’t have the connection to my fans I thought I had. I’ve become a symbol. I don’t want to be a symbol, responsible for something huge that I don’t understand, that I don’t want to work on, that keeps coming back to me. I’m not an entrepreneur. I’m not a CEO. I’m a nerdy computer programmer who likes to have opinions on Twitter.
It’s an unusually candid revelation of the pressure that startup CEOs face. Often, young and inexperienced founders are very rapidly expected to take responsibility for a growing number of employees, and the millions of people who use their product.
Startup advice manuals rarely talk about the effects of a constant flood of negative tweets and articles, let alone the inability to speak publicly and candidly without it becoming news. Some executives embrace it. In Persson’s case, even after turning over CEO duties and ceasing to work on the popular product he built, the pressure was too much.
He’ll go back to creating little, interesting things, he said, but doesn’t want to be in charge of anything again. Selling the company was the only way he felt he could, as he put it, stop reading all of the negative feedback he got.
“It’s not about the money. It’s about my sanity,” Persson wrote.
Share this:

Banks need over $200 bn capital in next 5 yr...You are here: Home > Collections
Banks need over $200 billion capital in next 5 years: Fitch
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 10.31PM IST
Tags:
Basel III
(Recent amendments by India's…)
NEW DELHI: Rating agency Fitch today said Indian banks will require more than $200 billion (about Rs 12 lakh crore) in fresh capital as they prepare for the full implementation of Basel III capital requirements by March 2019.
The core capital position of the Indian banking system is weaker than that of many Asian banking systems that are also migrating towards the Basel III capital norms, Fitch said in a study.
State-owned banks to account for 85 per cent of the capital requirement. As per the estimates, public sector banks require Rs 2.40 lakh crore equity capital by March 2019.
These banks account for a higher proportion of stressed assets - their stressed assets formed around 12 per cent of total system assets in 2013-14 compared with 10 per cent for the system - and have lower profitability, which have added to their capitalisation pressures.
Private banks are much better positioned in terms of their capital levels and access to markets.
Stressed assets in the Indian banking system are likely to peak around 2014-15, though there will be near-term pressures due to economic slowdown and existing structural and policy- related constraints. Any improvement after that will be gradual, it said.
Banks are likely to raise mostly core equity and additional Tier 1 capital to meet the capital shortfall, it said, adding, capital raising, thus far, has been limited to a few banks, though Fitch expects greater momentum for the latter going forward.
Recent amendments by India's central bank to Basel III capital guidelines have created a more favourable environment for creditors and broadened the pool of investors, it said.
It may take more time for the banks to raise core equity capital because valuations have yet to recover, it added.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Govt considers closing some loss-making stat...Save precious time tracking your investments
NEW DELHI: Government officials will meet on Tuesday to discuss proposals to shut down some loss-making state-owned companies, risking a conflict with powerful trade unions.
After two decades of halting privatisations, the central government still owns about 260 firms and thousands more at the state level, involved in activities ranging from generating nuclear power to making condoms.
Some of them, including Oil and Natural Gas Corporation and Steel Authority of India are successful, but there are dozens more that have been bleeding cash for decades and kept afloat by budgetary support each year.
On Tuesday, Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth has called a meeting of top officials to consider what to do with the 10 firms that make the biggest losses. They had a combined net loss of Rs 245 billion ($4 billion) in 2012/13.
The list includes Bharat Sanchar Nigam, Mahanagar Telephone Nigam, Air India , Hindustan Photofilms and Hindustan Fertilisers Corporation, according to a note prepared by the Department of Public Enterprises.
Officials at the department have drawn up proposals to close some.
They include Hindustan Photofilms, a company set up in 1960 to make film rolls and take on the likes of Kodak but declared a sick company in 1996 and recommended for closure by the department in 2003 on the grounds that it could not compete with private players.
The company, based in the southern town of Ottacamund in the Nilgiri hills, went to court and won a stay order on any further proceedings that could lead to its closure.
In 2010 the firm proposed a recovery plan but the government has been sitting on it, with no decision having been made since about the company's future. In the meantime the company's accumulated losses have piled up to 82.32 billion rupees, about 40 times its paid-up capital.
"There is no future for this company in the current environment. It is a fit case for winding down," said a government official at the Department of Public Enterprises, which is overseeing the privatisation of state firms. The official did not wish to be named due to the sensitivity of the matter.
The department will be making a presentation at Tuesday's meeting.
The government is also considering a proposal to wind down the watch-making division of HMT Machine Tool Limited after years of losses that have forced it to borrow from the government to pay wages.
UNIONS
Trade unions are opposed to any moves to shut down state firms and the Bharatiya Mazadoor Sangh (BMS), a body affiliated to the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party, said it would work with other unions to block the move.
"We are co-ordinating with all central trade unions on the matter. We are fortunate that all trade unions are on the same page when it comes to these issues," said Vrijesh Upadhyaya, general secretary of the BMS .
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's administration, which took office in May pledging to reignite growth, has embarked on a cautious course of shedding stakes in state firms although it has eschewed big moves.
The government increased its privatisation target for its fiscal year 2014/15 budget to 630 billion rupees from the interim budget's target of 480 billion. The target is nearly four times larger than total government divestments in the past four years.
Officials said the government was also looking for ways to revive some of the sick companies through capital infusion, joint ventures and by bringing in new management.

Centre says boundary issue will be discussed during Xi s visitComments
India and China are unlikely to play up differences over their disputed border and will instead focus on boosting economic ties to give a new direction to relations between two of Asia’s largest economies during Chinese President Xi Jinping’s visit beginning September 17.
China is likely to pledge to invest billions of dollars in India’s infrastructure, including its rail network as part of an expected pact that will pave the way for Chinese participation in new rail tracks and modern stations.
Read: India, China to talk investment in infra, energy
The efforts to ramp up commercial ties depend on keeping in check tensions over their disputed border which have has flared anew in recent years, after India’s loss in the 1962 war.  “The two countries have maintained the momentum of negotiation on boundary issues and safeguarded peace and tranquility in the border areas,” assistant foreign minister Liu Jianchao told reporters in a briefing about Xi’s visit. “In recent years, China-India relations have maintained a momentum of sound development. The bilateral high-level exchanges are frequent, the strategic mutual trust is enhanced increasingly, and the practical cooperation is deepened continuously,” Liu said.
On 17th, I look forward to welcoming President Xi Jinping in Ahmedabad. Am sure his visit will strengthen India-China ties.
— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 15, 2014
Bilateral trade between India and China is worth over $65 billion and is heavily in favour of China.  
While big investments by China will boost ties, the visit will also be high on symbolism. Prime Minister Narendra Modi will receive Xi at his hotel in Ahmedabad and host a private dinner for the leader as New Delhi signs pacts with a foreign country outside the national capital for the first time. Modi said he was sure the visit will strengthen ties between India and China, which share a strong bond of Buddhism. The PM posted slides depicting Gujarat’s rich Buddhist heritageon Twitter ahead of Xi’s visit.
“The place where I was born, Vadnagar too has a rich Buddhist influence including a monastery,” Modi tweeted.

India hits back at Pak  terms Saeed  evil  mastermind of Mumbai attacksIndia slams Pak for clean chit to Hafiz Saeed
HT Correspondent , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 15, 2014
First Published: 20:17 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 08:18 IST(16/9/2014)
Comments
India hit out at Pakistan on Monday over its remarks that Hafiz Saeed had no case against him, saying he was the “evil” mastermind behind the Mumbai attacks and it was up to Pakistan to bring the chief of terror outfit Jamat-Ud-Dawa (JuD) to book.
The development cast a fresh pall — after the foreign secretary-level talks failure — on the strained India-Pakistan ties that had rekindled hopes of improvement following Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif’s visit to India during Narendra Modi’s swearing-in ceremony.
“Our views on Hafiz Saeed are very clear. To us, he is the evil mastermind of the attacks on Mumbai and one of the accused in an Indian court for the killings on streets of Mumbai. We have repeatedly asked Pakistan that he should be apprehended and taken through normal judicial process,” said ministry of external affairs spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin.
Read: Hafiz Saeed our national, free to roam around: Pak envoy
“Alas! He has never been arrested on account of 26/11. Therefore.... he is only free because he is a Pakistani citizen,” he added.
His statements came in reaction to Pakistan high commissioner to India Abdul Basit's remarks that “Hafiz Saeed is a Pakistani national so he is free to roam around.”
Basit also said, “So what is the problem... he is a free citizen so there is no issue as far as Pakistan is concerned. Courts have already exonerated him. There is no case pending against him.”
The exchange of words came close on the heels of India calling off foreign secretary-level talks with its neighbour last month following Basit’s meeting with Kashmiri separatist leaders.
There has been a deadlock in dialogues between the two countries after the 2008 Mumbai attacks, in which armed gunmen unleashed a reign of terror in the city in late November and killed more than 150 people.
Asked about Pakistan’s stand that there was not enough evidence to prove Saeed’s involvement in the Mumbai attacks, the external affairs ministry spokesperson said, “99% evidence in this case is in Pakistan. That is because the entire conspiracy was hatched in Pakistan. The planning for this dastardly act was done in Pakistan.”
Recently, Saeed, known for his anti-India tirade and designated as a terrorist by the US, has also accused India of indulging in “water-terrorism”.
He had blamed dams constructed in ‘Indian Kashmir’ as the reason responsible for the flood disaster that had claimed over 200 lives in Pakistan.
Watch: Hafiz Saeed is a Pak national, free to roam around: Abdul Basit

BJP-Sena seat-sharing: Uddhav talks toughComments
Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray on Monday rejected the Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) demand to contest 135 of Maharashtra’s 288 assembly seats in the October 15 polls, escalating tensions between the two oldest allies in the National Democratic alliance.
 
The spat over seat-sharing sparked speculation that the Shiv Sena may go it alone, but Thackeray said efforts are still on to work out a formula ahead of the elections.  The state BJP unit, too, is likely to ask party president Amit Shah when he visits from September 17-19 that they fight the elections on their own if the Sena doesn’t meet their demand.            
 
The assembly polls are seen as a key test of the BJP’s popularity after it charged to power on the back of what the party called a ‘Modi wave’ in the general election. Any falling out of the two allies could divide opposition votes, undermining the advantage the BJP gained after its impressive performance in the state in the April-May Lok Sabha election. This will probably help the Congress-led coalition retain power in one of the country’s politically-crucial states.
“Everything has an alternative. I have conveyed it to BJP that I can’t go beyond a point (over the number of seats to contest),” Thackeray said when asked whether the Sena was weighing the option of fighting the elections alone.
 
Tensions between the two parties grew on Sunday when BJP state president Devendra Fadnavis said his party had decided against talking to the Sena over the seat-sharing issue after the Sena chief took a dig at PM Narendra Modi during a television interview.
 
“In Maharashtra, the Modi factor worked (in the Lok Sabha polls). But the alliance parties must also be given credit. The Modi factor didn’t work in many states during the Lok Sabha elections,” Thackeray told the channel.
 
The Sena chief, sources said, conveyed to Fadnavis that his party will not agree to anything less than 155 seats. The party with the most legislators will have the bigger claim to the chief minister’s chair, analysts say. Thackeray has made it clear he has his eyes on the post.
 
The BJP and the Sena contested 119 and 169 seats in the previous assembly polls. The necessity to revisit the formula arose after four other parties joined the Mahayuti (grand alliance) that won 42 of the state’s 48 Lok Sabha constituencies in May. The Congress-NCP coalition, which has governed Maharashtra since 1999, got only six seats. The two parties are yet to reach a seat-sharing arrangement for the assembly polls.
 
However, the BJP’s Maharashtra in-charge, Rajiv Pratap Rudy, dismissed speculation over the nearly two-decade-old coalition’s stability. “There is nothing alarming as of now. Reports about a strain on the alliance are mere speculation,” he said over the phone from Mumbai.
 
The BJP said on Sunday that after allotting seats to smaller allies like RPI (A) and Swabhimani Shetkari Sanghatana, the two major Mahayuti constituents should take 135 seats each.

Ebolas deadly toll: Portraits of griefBy J. Freedom du Lac September 15 Follow @jfdulac
A woman participates in a candlelight vigil in Abuja, capital of Nigeria, for Ebola victims, including Ameyo Adadevoh, who died after contracting the deadly virus while treating a Liberian-American, Patrick Sawyer. (Afolabi Sotunde/Reuters)
The deadliest Ebola outbreak in history continues to kill. World Health Organization Director General Margaret Chan said Friday that more than 2,400 deaths have been recorded in Sierra Leone, Guinea and the epidemic's Ebola-ravaged epicenter, Liberia .
The West African outbreak, Chan said , "is the largest and most complex and most severe in the almost four-decade history of this disease," with about 4,800 total cases recorded as of last week. And the disease is giving no ground: A top United Nations official warned recently that "the rate of acceleration is now picking up dramatically." The deadly virus, Liberia's defense minister said , "is now spreading like wildfire, devouring everything in its path."
Grief is spreading rapidly, too, as Ebola's body count soars.
A relative weeps as a burial team prepares to enter the home of a woman suspected of dying of the Ebola virus in Monrovia, the hard-hit Liberian capital . (John Moore/Getty Images)
Relatives of a man suspected of dying of Ebola look on as Red Cross workers pack his body in the Sierra Leone village of Sengema. Family and community members are encouraged not to touch the bodies of those suspected of dying from Ebola as the bodies are highly contagious. This aspect of the virus has seriously disrupted traditional funeral ceremonies. (Pete Muller/Prime for The Washington Post)
A woman cries following the death of her husband in Monrovia. (Zoom Dosso/AFP/Getty Images)
More heartbreak in Monrovia. (Zoom Dosso/AFP/Getty Images)
The neighbors of an Ebola victim watch as Red Cross workers in protective suits remove the dead man's body in the small Liberian city of Banjol. (Dominique Faget/AFP/Getty Images)
A Liberian victim's son reacts in Banjol as his father's corpse is removed. (Dominique Faget/AFP/Getty Images)
The dead Liberian man's wife watches in Banjol. (Dominique Faget/AFP/Getty Images)
A woman and her children mourn the death of a family member in Monrovia. (Zoom Dosso/AFP/Getty Images)
A crowd reacts as the body of a suspected Ebola victim is removed in Monrovia. (James Giahyue/Reuters)
Addressing the Ebola outbreak in West Africa, the World Health Organization’s director general didn't mince words, saying, "Quite frankly, ladies and gentlemen, this health crisis we face is unparalleled in modern times." (Reuters)
RELATED READING:

Aug Trade deficit dips to 10.83 billion dollarsAug Trade deficit dips to 10.83 billion dollars
TN to pay Rs 7.01/unit for solar powerTN to pay Rs 7.01/unit for solar power
M Ramesh
Tweet
Chennai, Sept 15:  
Solar photo voltaic power projects that would be set up in Tamil Nadu in one year from September 12 will get paid Rs 7.01 per unit of electricity they produce for a period of 25 years.
However, in case a solar power developer wishes to avail himself of the ‘accelerated depreciation’ benefit – a tax saving federal sop – the tariff would be Rs 6.28 a unit.
If a solar power producer wishes to sell his power to consumers directly, the company would pay lower ‘wheeling’ and ‘cross-subsidy’ charges – 30 per cent and 50 per cent respectively, of whatever charges are prescribed for conventional power producers. Wheeling charges are for using the transmission lines of the state distribution company, TANGEDCO; cross-subsidy charges are those levied for defraying the expenditure involved in providing subsidising electricity to poor people.
The tariff is fixed for 25 years, with no annual escalation.
For those who put up solar thermal power projects, the tariff is Rs 11.03 a kWhr (Rs 9.88 if the company avails itself of ‘accelerated depreciation’ benefit.)
The buyer of the power will be TANGEDCO, which will purchase the solar power for meeting its ‘renewable purchase obligation’ (RPO). The RPO is a statutory requirement under the federal Electricity Act, but the respective state electricity regulatory commissions prescribe how much the obligation would be.
In Tamil Nadu, the ‘obligated entities’, (the biggest of which is TANGEDCO), is mandated to buy 0.25 per cent of their consumption or sales from solar projects. The state electricity regulatory commission is considering a proposal to raise this RPO to 2 per cent. According to sources, an order in this regard would come soon.
The TNERC order is expected to spur solar power activity in the state, even though many solar companies feel that the tariff offered is too low.
The state had in 2012 come up with a ‘solar policy’ and a tariff of Rs 6.48 a kWhr with an annual escalation of 5 per cent for ten years was discovered through a bidding process. However, at a time when a dozen companies had come forward to set up about 700 MW of capacity in the state, the issue got tangled in legal issues and things ground to a halt.
The main issue was the 6 per cent ‘solar purchase obligation’, which rode on top of the federal obligation of 0.25 per cent. ‘Obligated entities’ who would have had to pay stiff for solar power purchases went to the Tribunal and got the solar policy set aside earlier this year.
Sources said then that even if the solar RPO in the state is raised from 0.25 per cent to 2 per cent, they would agitate. If they do, the state would have to wait further to see solar projects set up. At present, Tamil Nadu has 109 MW of solar power capacity.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Pre-orders for new Apple iPhone top 4mSeptember 15, 2014 2:15 pm
Apple set for blockbuster iPhone 6 launch
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco and Richard Blackden in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/986a7fa0-3cd8-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Botn reassures Santander investorsAna Botín reassures Santander investors on strategy
By Tobias Buck in Madrid
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/a3ae6c44-3cd0-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

MCX-SX gets conditional one-year renewal from SebiMCX-SX gets conditional one-year renewal; Sebi seeks business plan
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 23:43 IST
As crisis at its erstwhile promoter group continues to cast a shadow, MCX Stock Exchange on Monday got a one-year conditional renewal to function as a bourse and regulator Sebi asked it to submit a long-term sustainable business plan and take other remedial actions.
Besides, the exchange would not be allowed to introduce any new contract till it meets minimum networth requirement of Rs 100 crore, for which it has been given three-months time.
The current recognition of MCX-SX, which was set up by Jignesh Shah-led Financial Technologies Group, expired on Monday, but Sebi has now decided to extend it for a period of one year, commencing September 15 and ending on September 15, 2015.
The renewal is subject to five specific conditions and compliance to other conditions specified by Sebi from time to time, the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said in a statement.
"The exchange shall build its networth (undisputed) to the level as prescribed in Sebi (SECC) Regulations 2012 within a period of three months from the date of renewal of recognition. Further, the exchange shall also submit a business plan to satisfy the regulator about the long term sustainability of the exchange," the regulator said.
While the exchange has been claiming to have a networth of Rs 100 crore, the regulator does not share the same view and pegs the figure at about Rs 56 crore, sources said.
Sebi further said that MCX-SX "shall not introduce any new contracts till fulfilment of networth requirement" and it would have to comply with Sebi's directions with regard to entities which have been declared not 'fit and proper' person.
The regulator also asked the exchange to "take immediate steps to rectify the deficiencies pointed out in the systems audit as well as special audit."
Besides, the exchange will have to take necessary steps for compliance with shareholding requirement by all the shareholders as per SEBI (SECC) Regulations 2012, Sebi said.
Earlier in March this year, Sebi ruled that Financial Technologies group was not "fit and proper" to own stakes in any stock exchange and directed it to divest existing holdings in MCX-SX and four other entities.
This order followed Shah-led group coming under scanner of various agencies, including CBI, for alleged irregularities in the grant of license to MCX-SX, as also for the payment crisis worth thousands of crores at National Spot Exchange Ltd (NSEL), also set up by the same group.
While FTIL Group has challenged the Sebi order on their 'fit and proper status', they no more qualify as 'promoter' in MCX-SX and some other entities such as Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX).
Last year also, while granting a one-year renewal to MCX-SX, Sebi had asked the exchange to strengthen its governance structure to continue remaining a recognised bourse.
Sources said that it might be difficult for MCX-SX to meet some of the conditions set by Sebi for the latest renewal.
The bourse earned total revenue from operations of Rs 91.83 crore for the latest fiscal 2013-14, down from Rs 155.23 crore in the previous year.
It incurred a loss of Rs 154.53 crore for the last year, as against a profit of Rs 21.42 crore in 2012-13. The exchange has attributed the loss to commencement of new segments and fall in volumes in the currency derivatives segment.
"The sentimental fallout of the defaults in another Exchange floated by the erstwhile promoter and introduction of zero pricing by competitor among other events leading to negative publicity also contributed to the fall in volumes," MCX-SX said in its annual report.
"With the management and Board level changes as well as relaxations in the regulatory regime for CD Segment, your Directors feel the company would be able to see better volumes in the CD segment and consequently improve its financial performance in the coming years," it informed its investors.
MCX-SX was notified a 'recognised stock exchange' on December 21, 2012. Its shareholders include top public sector banks, private sector banks and domestic financial institutions who, together hold over 88 per cent stake.
It offers trading in Capital Market, Futures & Options, Currency Derivatives and Debt Market segments. It has also received in-principle approval from Sebi for operationalizing SME trading platform.
It commenced operations in the Currency Derivatives Segment on October 7, 2008. It launched Capital Market Segment, Futures and Options Segment and flagship index 'SX40' on February 9, 2013 and commenced trading from February 11, 2013.
The Debt Market Segment was launched on June 7, 2013, and trading commenced from June 10, 2013. The Exchange started live trading in cash-settled Interest Rate Futures (IRF), on 10-year Government of India security, in its Currency Derivative Segment from January 20, 2014.
MCX-SX had first got a license from Sebi to operate as a stock exchange in September 2012 and this permit was to expire on September 15, 2013, before getting extended by a year.
The bourse began operations in February 2013. However, the trading volumes of the exchange has been quite low as compared to rivals BSE and NSE, while problems at group entity NSEL in July 2013 further worsened the situation.
While Sebi has decided to renew its license twice now, the regulator has been asking MCX-SX to work towards strengthening its governance practices and comply with all applicable regulations to operate as a stock exchange.
Sebi also previously warned that the licence can be withdrawn in case of any non-compliance to its directions.

Apple receives record pre-orders for new iPhonesLehar Maan and Soham Chatterjee     Bangalore   Last Updated: September 16, 2014  | 15:21 IST
Apple Inc said it received a record four million first-day pre-orders of its new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus , meaning many customers will have to wait until October for their new phones.
Apple said a significant number of orders will be delivered to customers beginning Friday, but many will be shipped in October as demand outstrips supply.
The first-day pre-orders for the new iPhones , which feature larger screens, were double the two million orders for iPhone 5 models in 2012.
"We attribute this (pre-order numbers) to the large pent-up demand for larger screens on the iPhone ...," Janney Capital Markets analysts wrote in a note.
The brokerage raised its unit sales estimate for the latest iPhones to 37.4 million for the fourth quarter and 60 million for the first quarter.
While Apple did not break out first-day pre-orders for iPhone 5Ss and 5Cs launched last year, it sold 9 million of those phones in the first three days in stores as China joined the list of launch countries for the first time.
The company said the new iPhone models will be available to customers in its stores in the United States, Canada, Australia and some other countries on Friday morning.
AT&T Inc, Sprint Corp, T-Mobile US Inc and Verizon Wireless and some Apple authorized resellers will also start selling the phones on Friday.
Apple's website showed last week that the larger 5.5-inch "Plus" models displayed a wait time of up to a month. The 4.7-inch version was available for delivery on Sept. 19.
The company routinely grapples with iPhone supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a smartphone re-design.
Apple's shares were up less than 1 percent at $101.94 in early trading on Monday.
(Reuters)

Signs of recovery Advance tax for 14 cos up 19%Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Signs of recovery? Advance tax for 14 cos up 19%
CNBC-TV18 learns that most public sector banks, who’ve been facing NPA concerns, have surprisingly seen an increase in their advance tax payments.
Post your opinion here
06:00 pm
The initial trend for the second quarter (Q2) advance tax payment is indicating a healthy trend, suggesting a 19 percent increase for the top 14 companies. CNBC-TV18 learns that most public sector banks, who’ve been facing NPA concerns, have surprisingly seen an increase in their advance tax payments.
In the second installment, where the companies have to pay 30 percent  as advance tax, the country’s largest lender  State Bank of India (SBI) is likely to shell out Rs 1390 crore, which is over 20 percent higher than what it paid last year. Other PSU banks like BoI , BoB ,  Central Bank and  IDBI are not too far behind.
Even private lender like  HDFC is likely to shell out Rs 650 crore versus Rs 560 crore as advance tax in Q2. The IT and the pharma sector maintained their earlier growth momentum, with  TCS paying around Rs 1390 crore as advance tax payments and  Lupin shelling out around Rs 231 crore compared to Rs 166 crore earlier. Surprisingly,  BPCL bucked their earlier trend and paid double the amount at around Rs 487 crore as advance tax versus Rs 202 crore it paid the year before.
The laggards this quarter have been the auto sector yet again as slowing sales, especially in the commercial vehicle segment.  Tata Motors have not made any advance tax payment this quarter. While  Bajaj Auto has paid around Rs 325 crore, lower than what it paid last time.
While top 14 companies are showing a 19 percent increase in numbers, for all 100 companies experts say it may come down to 13-15 percent. It will be interesting to see once all the numbers come out whether they meet the growth of 17 percent overall to reach a target of Rs 7 lakh crore.
RELATED NEWS

Wall St. little changed but tech weighs on NasdaqDow, S&P 500 end at records after U.S. data, Intel outlook
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Tech shares gave the market its biggest lift, along with energy. Boosting all three major indexes, Intel shares jumped 4.7 percent to $35.95, hitting their highest level since January 2002, after its 2015 revenue outlook was above Wall Street's expectations and the company raised its dividend.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
The S&P technology index rose 0.6 percent, while the energy index gained 1.1 percent.
Further supporting stocks, data showed factory activity in the U.S. mid-Atlantic region grew at its fastest pace in two decades, U.S. home resales jumped to their highest in more than a year in October, and a gauge of future U.S. economic activity gained.
Growth in the economy and earnings should bode well for stocks heading into next year, said Margaret Patel, senior portfolio manager at Wells Capital Management.
"Next year will be a reasonable to maybe a surprisingly good year," she said. "(There is) no reason in the world why we can't see P/Es expand." Patel said stocks could rise by a mid single-digit to high-teens percentage next year.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 33.27 points, or 0.19 percent, to 17,719, a record close. The S&P 500 gained 4.03 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,052.75, its 44th record high this year.
The Nasdaq Composite added 26.16 points, or 0.56 percent, to 4,701.87.
The Philadelphia Fed area "isn't a hub of industrial activity anymore but it's still important and it's strong," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group.
The upbeat U.S. data offset weakness overseas, including euro zone business growth that was slower than expected this month.
Best Buy added 7 percent to $38.02, among the S&P's largest percentage gainers, after better-than-expected profit.
Among the top Nasdaq decliners was Keurig Green Mountain, down 7.4 percent at $142.50, a day after it forecast fiscal first-quarter profit below analysts' estimates.
After the bell, Gap shares fell 4.9 percent to $38.19 following its results. Gap shares ended the regular session up 1.5 percent.
About 5.7 billion shares traded on U.S. exchanges, compared below 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 2,013 to 1,025, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,824 issues rose and 893 fell for a 2.04-to-1 ratio.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)

Tata Elxsi announces resignation of CFOTata Elxsi announces resignation of CFO
Seat-sharing formula will be finalised soon: PawarSeat-sharing formula will be finalised soon: Pawar
CARE s declares special dividend (Interim Dividend 2)CARE s declares special dividend (Interim Dividend 2)
Wipro wins order from Saudi power firmWipro wins order from Saudi power firm
Xi Jinping visit: Trade and services pact to be signed in GujaratXi Jinping visit: Trade and services pact to be signed in Gujarat
Our Bureau
Tweet
Ahmedabad, Sept 15:  
Gujarat, home to Prime Minister Narendra Modi will get a flair of Chinese administration as China’s Guangdong province will sign an agreement with the state, followed by an agreement between Ahmedabad city and Guangzhou city for civic services as the Chinese President Xi Jinping kicks off his India visit from Ahmedabad on September 17.
As a step towards setting up an Chinese industrial park at Karjan near Vadodara, China Development Bank will sign an agreement with Gujarat government’s industrial promotion body, iNdextb. The agreement is aimed at promotion of trade and industries mainly in the field of electrical equipment manufacturing and electronics, state government spokesperson ministers Nitin Patel and Saurabh Patel informed media.
Giving details about the Chinese Premiere’s visit to the city, Nitin Patel informed that he will be received at the airport by Gujarat Governor, Om Prakash Kohli along with the State Chief Minister, Anandiben Patel at 2.30 pm on Thursday.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will receive the Chinese President at the Hyatt Hotel in Vastrapur area of Ahmedabad, where a delegation of about 50 industrialists from Gujarat will engage with their Chinese counterparts.
Later in the day, the Chinese President Xi Jinping will visit Sabarmati Ashram to pay tribute to the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi. At about 5.30 pm, the Chinese President will head towards Sabarmati River Front, where the two leaders along with a delegation of 11 members from each side will dine together on the banks of Sabarmati river. The dinner is hosted by Gujarat chief minister.
Nitin Patel further informed that the Chinese President and the delegation will be catered Gujarati authentic cuisine. After the dinner, Xi Jinping will depart for Delhi at 7.30 pm from Ahmedabad airport.
 
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

2 big CTA projects included in Obama transit funding list2 big CTA projects included in Obama transit funding list
Video: 2 CTA projects included in Obama funding list
Two high-priority CTA projects that currently have no money for construction were included in a national list of mass-transit initiatives that the Obama administration on Wednesday recommended for funding.
Two high-priority CTA projects that currently have no money for construction were included in a national list of mass-transit initiatives that the Obama administration on Wednesday recommended for funding.
By Jon Hilkevitch, Tribune reporter
Public Transportation Finance Chicago Transit Authority U.S. Department of Transportation U.S. Congress
Two high-priority CTA projects that lack money for construction — the overhauls of the Red Line north branch and Purple Line and a planned bus rapid transit corridor along Ashland Avenue — are on a national list of mass-transit initiatives that the Obama administration on Wednesday recommended for funding.
Both are long-range projects that the CTA plans to undertake in phases, officials said, adding it is premature to set construction dates.
It’s also unclear whether the White House’s funding proposals will clear Congress.
8
The Red-Purple Line modernization of elevated tracks and stations, from south of Belmont extending north through Evanston and to Wilmette, was the only project in the U.S. so far to make the “core capacity’’ list, which reserves funding to help big cities renew heavily used transit systems.
The U.S. Department of Transportation did not designate a specific funding level for the CTA Red-Purple Line reconstruction, whose cost estimates run in the billions of dollars. The department recommended spending a total of $275 million in fiscal 2015 on all eligible core capacity projects.
0
“We do expect there will be other projects,’’ Therese McMillan, deputy administrator at the Federal Transit Administration, said via phone from Washington.
The 9.6-mile Red-Purple project is currently estimated to cost $4.7 billion, according to the Federal Transit Administration funding recommendations released Wednesday. The CTA has estimated the project would cost between $2 billion and $4 billion, depending on design options still under consideration.
The CTA expects to seek $1.5 billion from the core capacity program, according to documents released Wednesday. More funding could be sought later from different pots of federal money, officials said.
The transit agency has spent about $5 million to date working on environmental studies that are necessary for design and before construction, CTA spokesman Brian Steele said. The goal of the overhaul is to increase capacity on the Red and Purple lines by 20 to 50 percent, reduce travel times, alleviate overcrowded station platforms and provide access for transit riders with disabilities, officials said.
Asked how soon construction could begin under a best-case scenario in which funding is secured, Steele said, “We could potentially be looking at starting work in 3 to 4 years.’’
The CTA must receive approval of a full-funding grant agreement before any federal money begins to flow, McMillan said. All the projects that the administration recommended Wednesday are expected to be ready for approval within the next year, she said.
The big question is whether Congress passes the administration’s budget.
The Federal Transit Administration recommended spending a total of $2.5 billion in fiscal 2015 on 26 rail, bus rapid transit and streetcar projects in 16 states.
The CTA’s proposed bus rapid transit corridor planned for Ashland Avenue got a boost by making a separate list of projects identified for future funding, beyond 2015.
The CTA project, which would be built in the center lane in each direction for 16 miles along Ashland between Irving Park Road and 95th Street, is estimated to cost $160 million. The CTA expects to seek $58.3 million from a different federal program.
The project includes a buses-only center lane, 14 bus stations spaced about a half-mile apart in the median of Ashland and the purchase of about 50 double-long buses customized with doors on both sides.
The first phase of the project would be built for the central part of Ashland, Cortland Avenue to 31st Street. The CTA estimates that bus speeds can be increased by about 80 percent on the corridor.
But the project has faced criticism from some businesses and residents who oppose plans to eliminate most left turns and make small cuts in parking and loading zones.
The Emanuel administration originally set a goal of beginning construction in 2016, but city hall has recently backed off that commitment.

Compared to cars  electric buses could accelerate pollution reduction  fuel savingsCompared to cars, electric buses could accelerate pollution reduction, fuel savings
BUS-ELECTRIC
Proterra
Proterra's electric buses aren't cheap, but they cost less to operate than traditional city buses.
Proterra's electric buses aren't cheap, but they cost less to operate than traditional city buses. (Proterra)
By Daniel Gross, Slate, Slate
Electric buses could spare municipalities money, emissions.
Silicon Valley company Proterra follows Tesla's lead with electric buses as clean mass transit solution.
Forget about Tesla and its futuristic new Gigafactory. When it comes to using electricity for transportation, the real action may lie in the polar opposite of the fancy sports car.
Municipal intracity buses may be unloved, slow, lumbering behemoths. But they're the workhorses of America's transit systems. Last year, according to the American Public Transportation Association, buses hauled 5.36 billion passengers. While usage has fallen in recent years, thanks in part to the growth of light rail and subway systems, buses still account for more rides each year than heavy rail, light rail and commuter rail combined-and for about half of all public transit trips.
Two high-priority CTA projects that lack money for construction — the overhauls of the Red Line north branch and Purple Line and a planned bus rapid transit corridor along Ashland Avenue — are on a national list of mass-transit initiatives that the Obama administration on... ( Jon Hilkevitch )
Proterra, a South Carolina-based manufacturer with Silicon Valley ties, thinks it can lead the electric revolution. Fueled by the two forces that are transforming renewable and alternative energy in this country — venture capital and the U.S. government — the company has already put a few dozen electric buses on the road, with the promise of more to come. "Our technology could literally remove every single dirty diesel bus from cities," said Proterra CEO Ryan Popple.
It's difficult for all-electric vehicles to compete against super-efficient hybrid gas cars like the Prius or the hybrid-model Camry, which already get very good gas mileage. "But we're competing against the most atrociously inefficient vehicle in the planet," said Popple, a former finance executive at Tesla. Buses present operators with the painful combination of horrid gas mileage and heavy usage. Nationwide, city buses averaged about 4.71 miles per gallon, according to the National Transit Database. And they are driven a lot. A city bus can be driven between 40,000 and 60,000 miles per year, all while spewing unwanted emissions into the air. Swap out oil for electricity, and you reduce fuel costs sharply. Get your electricity from renewable sources, and you've cut the link between fossil fuels and vehicle transportation.
Founded about a decade ago, Proterra originally set out to make buses powered by a different eco-friendly source: fuel cells. But as the hybrid and electric car businesses grew, and the prices of battery packs and electric motors fell, making a purely electric bus became more appealing. Proterra devised a 40-foot bus made of light materials, and then developed a fast-charging docking station that would let buses fuel midroute in 10 minutes or less.
Unlike Tesla, Proterra didn't receive any Department of Energy loans. It has raised more than $100 million in venture capital money. But the company does depend indirectly on public funding provided by the Obama administration. Its customers, which are all public agencies, have relied on stimulus funds and TIGER (Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery) grants to purchase the vehicles.
Proterra shipped its first completed vehicle to Foothill Transit, which serves 22 cities in eastern Los Angeles County, in 2010. The agency, which has 350 buses, virtually all of them powered by natural gas (a lower-emission alternative to diesel), used stimulus funds to buy three electric buses and a docking station. In 2011, Silicon Valley venture capital aristocrats Kleiner Perkins invested in Proterra, and the company began to make further sales to small transit agencies: in Tallahassee, Florida; Reno, Nevada; and Worcester, Massachusetts.
Customers I spoke to say the buses largely work as advertised. After its initial purchase, Foothill used Transportation Department funds to buy another 12 Proterra buses. Foothill has put them into service on the 17-mile Line 291 in Pomona, one of the agency's most trafficked routes. They stop in the middle of the route for about five to 10 minutes to recharge. "The cost of energy per mile is about half what it would be for diesel," said Doran Barnes, executive director of Foothill Transit.
I remember when Chicago had electric buses.
cat-50

Study Reveals Surprising Emergency Contraception Roadblockreddit
If a guy needs to buy the morning-after pill for a female friend, he's going to need to rely on a fair amount of luck. That's because a study found young men have a nearly 20 percent chance of being denied emergency contraception even though there are no laws preventing them from buying it.
A January study from Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health sent male "mystery shoppers" to 158 pharmacies in three neighborhoods of New York City to buy emergency contraception, such as Plan B, which is an effective way to avoid an unintended pregnancy in the event of something like rape or a condom breaking during sex. The study found that only 81 percent of the pharmacies would give emergency contraception to the male shoppers. At 19 percent of the pharmacies, the male shoppers couldn't obtain contraception.
This was in New York City -- not Texas or Mississippi, where pharmacists have come under fire in the past for refusing to sell the drug to men.
According to the study, 73 percent of the pharmacies that didn't give emergency contraception to men said they needed to see the woman taking the pill or needed to see her ID card. Twenty-seven percent of them said they didn't have the pills in stock.
In 2013, the Food and Drug Administration lifted age limits on Plan B and made the pill available over the counter. Before then, you had to be 17 or older to get the morning-after pill.
One caveat of the Columbia study is that it was conducted in July 2012, before the FDA's age limits were lifted. Even though all of the subjects in the study were 19 or older, the study notes that the pharmacies that denied men access to emergency contraception because they required the woman or her ID card to be present may have simply been trying to comply with the FDA's age limits.
Dr. David Bell, associate professor of population and family health at the Mailman School of Public Health and one of the authors of the study, said in a release about the study that another possible explanation is that "pharmacists conscientiously objected to emergency contraception overall or its purchase by males."
It's possible pharmacists also wanted to prevent men from coercing their female partners into taking the pill.
"Anecdotally, speaking with a few pharmacists about the results, the request may have been a covert way to determine the presence or lack of coercion in a relationship," Bell said in the release.
As the study notes, the FDA has approved of male access to emergency contraception since 2006. Plan B prevents pregnancy from occurring by stopping the release of an egg from the ovary. Plan B, like birth control pills, won't stop a pregnancy if an egg has already been fertilized.
More:

The Apple Watch Will Make Everyone Around You Just a Little Worse OffApple CEO Tim Cook speaks about the new Apple Watch on Sept. 9, 2014.
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
When Apple launched the iPad in 2010, it precipitated a long and surprisingly acrimonious debate about screens. Specifically, is it better to read from a screen that reflects light, as the Kindle does, or one that emits light, as the iPad does? In the end, as even Amazon realized, the difference was not enormous; what really matters is the resolution of the screen. Ink on paper is extremely easy to read just because it’s very high-res, and any device that can approach or replicate that resolution will also be easy to read.
When the Apple Watch goes on sale next year , I suspect that the screen debate is going to return louder than ever. Only this time it’s not going to be about reading or resolution. Instead, it’s going to be about how glowing screens on people’s wrists inflict what economists call negative externalities on everybody else.
Advertisement
I’ll admit that I’m particularly sensitive to sensory distractions. If you’re wearing a strong scent, it will give me a headache, and if there’s a TV screen behind you I will find it much more difficult to pay attention to what you’re saying. But then again, I’m only being human; we have evolved to be attuned to scents and to shiny moving objects. That’s why perfume and jewelry are such big business — and it’s also why strong perfume and ostentatious jewelry are considered déclassé.
A glowing screen attached to someone else’s wrist, of course, is shinier than all but the blingiest of jewels. On American men, especially, it’s weird to see such a thing. This summer, I’ve talked to a number of men wearing some kind of Pebble or Android smart watch, and in every conversation, the watch was intrusive and distracting — especially when it was on. (So far, interestingly, I haven’t found myself talking to any women wearing one.)
You know exactly what I’m talking about if you’ve ever found yourself in a movie theater with someone texting in the row in front of you. It doesn’t matter if they’ve set their phone to silent: that glowing screen is incredibly annoying to everybody nearby. A glowing Apple Watch will be just as annoying, and I doubt that theaters will be particularly successful in asking patrons to turn off their watches for the duration of a film or a play. 
Apple, and all other smart phone manufacturers, must make it very easy to turn on a “dark mode,” in which the watch is still on but the screen doesn’t light up. But realistically, most Apple watches are going to be in “light mode” nearly all the time. And that’s going to end up being a minor irritation to everybody in their vicinity. Not a huge irritation, to be sure. But it adds up. Your Apple Watch might be a wonderful gadget, for you. But it’s also going to make everybody around you just a little bit worse off.
Which is one reason (there are others ) why I’m not going to buy the Apple Watch when it comes out. Instead, I think I’m going to get a Withings Activité — a smart watch with a simple, elegant design that doesn’t emit any light at all. No battery anxiety, no complex operating system of taps and presses and twiddles to learn — and no negative externalities. It’s the polite smart watch, and I wish it the very best.
Felix Salmon is a senior editor at Fusion.

News Anchor Reveals Devastating Cancer NewsNews Anchor Battling Cancer Tells Viewers He Only Has Months To Live
Posted:
reddit
CHAMPAIGN, Ill. (AP) — A television news anchorman fighting brain cancer in Illinois has told viewers he has only four to six months to live, but he hopes to work as long as he can.
During a newscast Thursday, Dave Benton told viewers of WCIA-TV in Champaign that doctors recently told him that his brain tumor is too large for surgery or radiation.
He says he'll try a new treatment to slow the tumor's growth, but that his goal is to add "a few more days and make them the best they can be."
Benton has a wife and two adult children. He grew up in Addison, a Chicago suburb, and graduated from Northern Illinois University.
Benton's online biography says he has worked at the station for nine years.
More:

A Climate Movement That Can t Be Ignoredreddit
The New York state elections just concluded, and the national midterms are still weeks away, but there is a campaign office in downtown Manhattan that has just gone into overdrive. Volunteers there are hard at work on another deadline: September 21.
That's the day of the People's Climate March , what promises to be the largest demonstration for action on climate change in world history. The march has brought together over 1,100 organizations at last count, from the New York City Environmental Justice Alliance to the Georgia Climate Change Coalition. A coalition that's both staggering in size and diversity.
"There's a vast latent constituency of people out there who are alarmed about climate change. But for years, nobody has put up a banner that said 'this is the time, this is the place, to show you care,'" says Ricken Patel, the Executive Director of the 38-million member civic organization, Avaaz . "The People's Climate March is that banner, and we're seeing a phenomenal response to it."
The response should be a wake up call to politicians who still consider climate change a niche issue. For years, climate change felt like a distant threat. Environmentalists, used to stressing out about such things, were incensed. But for the vast majority of the public, fixated on immediate priorities, like finding a job or keeping the kids healthy, a few melting ice bergs just didn't register.
Enter Irene and Sandy from stage left. Cue wildfires, drought, and devastating floods. Over the last couple years, it's as if Jerry Bruckheimer was put in charge of producing Mother Nature's special effects. The extreme weather events have become blockbusters: literally. Americans don't need to read a scientific report to understand the threat posed by climate change, they can see it right outside their window.
And as more people have begun to understand the impacts of the climate crisis, they've been connecting it to the daily hardships facing their families and communities. The asthma that keeps your kid home from school? You can look to the very same coal plant that's polluting the atmosphere. The lack of public transit options serving your community? Perhaps the generous subsidies to the fossil fuel industry, and lack of investments in public infrastructure, have something to do with it.
"The days when climate change was thought of as a sort of side issue? Those days are over," May Boeve, executive director of 350.org , recently told Capital New York. "The people are united calling for action."
At the forefront of that movement are the low-income, people of color, migrant, and indigenous communities that are the hardest hit by climate disasters and the fossil fuel industry.
As Eddie Bautista, the executive director of the New York City Environmental Justice Alliance puts it, "While everybody is impacted by climate change, the impacts are not evenly felt." If you live in a high rise on the Upper East Side, Hurricane Sandy probably freaked you out. But you're probably not still waiting for your home to be rebuilt like many residents in the Rockaways and outlying districts of Queens.
The goal of the People's Climate March isn't to push a single demand or piece of legislation. Frankly, there's too much work that needs to get done to boil it down to one silver-bullet. The goal is to show that public opinion on climate change has reached a tipping point--that there is a loud, organized, and powerful movement of people in this country who are going to force our politicians to take action on this crisis. It's been said time and time again that the one thing that's missing from tackling climate change isn't the policies or technologies, it's the political will. Generating that will is what this march is all about.
"Students on hundreds of campuses, and thousands of youth vote leaders across the country are bringing their power and voices to the People's Climate March to say enough is enough," said Maura Cowley, director of Energy Action Coalition . "We will divest from fossil fuels and build a new clean and just economy, and President Obama and world leaders better be prepared to join us, or face the political consequences."
The march isn't just a flash in the pan. It's the result of years of base building, community organizing, and alliances that are just coming to fruition.
"Labor unions, community organizations--environmental justice, economic justice and faith groups--environmental and climate organizations have been working together more and more over the past several years," says Tomas Garduno, Political Director of ALIGN: Alliance for a Greater New York , a labor/community alliance. "The breadth and depth of who's working together to organize the People's Climate March is a testament to that."
And the work doesn't end on September 21 in New York City. Throughout the build-up to the march, organizers have set building for the long-term as a key priority. On the People's Climate March website, dozens of online hubs are helping people connect at the local level, as well as via their own interests (the hubs rang from "fracking" to "beekeepers.") Turnout for the march isn't being led by a temporary political operation, but community groups who will continue to work for climate justice in the months and years to come.
"This isn't just about getting a bunch of people to New York to march for an hour then go home," said Michael Brune, Executive Director of the Sierra Club . "This is about making sure that the tipping point in the fight to halt climate disruption tips in the favor of the average citizen and clean energy prosperity, and that the world's leaders see that the support to do so has reached a level that can no longer be ignored."
Brune is exactly right. As climate change has become impossible to ignore, so has the climate movement.
This post is part of a month-long series produced by The Huffington Post in conjunction with a variety of events being held in September recognizing the threats posed by climate change. Those events include the UN's Climate Summit 2014 (to be held Sept. 23, 2014, at UN headquarters in New York) and Climate Week NYC (Sept. 22-28, 2014, throughout New York City). To see all the posts in the series, read here .
Follow Jamie Henn on Twitter: www.twitter.com/agent350
More:

Where to Do an MBA: Top DestinationsIndian Employees to See 11% Salary Hike in 2015: Report
India is the fifth most preferred MBA destination globally, according to a survey by Graduate Management Admission Council (GMAC), the non-profit organisation that owns the GMAT exam essential to enter a global business school.
The United States remains the most preferred MBA destination, while United Kingdom, Canada and France also rank above India, the survey says.
The GMAC found that 'reputation of an educational system' was universally chosen as the number one reason for preferring an MBA college.
Affordability of education/tuition fees and availability of financial aid were the two big reasons why prospective students choose India, the survey found.
Cost of education was the most common reservation, which prospective students have about pursuing a graduate management degree, the survey noted.
India tends to score high on the affordability factor, making it one of the most sought-after educational hubs. According to a recent survey by HSBC, India was the least expensive foreign destination for university undergraduate students among a list of 15 countries. ( Read the full story here )
Earlier this year, the Economist magazine has ranked IIM-Ahmedabad as fourth best B-school worldwide in offering "Good value MBAs." The ranking had put IIMA much ahead of its Ivy League competitors such as Harvard, Stanford, Kellogg and Wharton on the basis of return on investment on MBA courses. ( Read )
GMAC's mba.com 'Prospective Students Survey' surveyed 12,000 mba.com registrants globally before publishing the results.
Story first published on: September 13, 2014 20:06 (IST)

Antiques are foreverTHE HINDU
If you love antique jewellery, look for its provenance. It can add glitter to returns
Few things have stood the test of time the way traditional jewellery has. As the representation of the craftsmanship of a bygone era, or simply as a beautiful piece of art, jewellery from decades ago has a timeless appeal.
For those looking to diversify their investments, it’s an interesting option that comes with many advantages, including ease of purchase and tangible appreciation.
While regular gold jewellery is valued based on its grammage, antique jewellery carries a value that goes far beyond its mere gold content.
The term ‘antique jewellery’ has different connotations across countries and cultures, says David Warren, the senior international jewellery director at Christie’s, adding that when it comes to European jewellery, only pieces that are 100 years old or even more ancient, fall into the category of ‘antique’.
In India, on the other, anything that dates between 50 to 70 years ago can be labelled as ‘antique’, making the spectrum wider.
Princeson Jose, MD and Chairman of Prince Jewellery, which has been in the business for 81 years now, believes that the popularity of his annual exhibition of antique pieces — called Ancient Secrets — for the last 15 years is proof that antique jewellery can stand the test of time.
As the scarcity of these antique pieces increases, says Jose, their demand rises and so do their prices. “Usually we expect about an 85 per cent return on antiques we sell, but the demand is so high that we are willing to pay more than our margin to customers who wish to sell the pieces back to us,” he says.
But returns from antique jewellery can take a while to materialise. “Like any share portfolio, the trick is to have enough capital to wade through the storm, and not have to compromise when the market is weak. If you look at the general graph of diamond prices, there will be tiny crests and troughs, but the overall trend would be upwards. The key is to think long term, and wait anywhere between five and 10 years to see a significant increase in price,” says Warren.
What to look for
There are antiques and then there are excellent reproductions. So, while investing in antique jewellery, first find a reliable expert who can certify it for you. “Take advice from someone in the know because there are extremely well-made reproductions going around,” cautions Warren. Use your instincts when looking at a piece, and question everything. Think of it as if you are going to have to prove it’s an antique, suggests Warren.
“The patination of the gold or silver, the tarnish should be like that of an aged piece. The cut of the stone matters too. The cutting styles for diamonds have changed over the years; you won’t find antiques with a brilliant cut stone.”
As long as it is a genuine, numbered piece with a signature — original case is a bonus — it is a safe investment. David Bennet, Chairman of Sotheby’s Switzerland and Chairman of Sotheby’s Jewellery Division for Europe and the Middle East, adds a word of caution: “Jewellery often tends to be altered or remodelled over the years in line with changing tastes. Be sure to check for signs that might show the original design has been changed.” Then comes the wearability, and all the experts agree on this. “As a rule, buy something you like,” advises Bennet.
“Jewellery is very personal and you should feel a connection with the item.”
While pieces like earrings and pendants may do well right now, a brooch would find fewer takers, says David Warren. In India, Princeson James gives the example of the rokkai, a traditional hair ornament that might not be too popular now.
Antique appeal
What decides the value of an antique piece if not its gold content? Obviously, its age. The older a piece of jewellery, the more it will fetch in value. When it comes to identifying the era of its manufacture and its authenticity, Princeson says only a trained eye can do justice.
“As a third-generation jeweller, I have trained my eyes to figuring out vintage on examining the piece.”
Provenance, or record of ownership, is another factor that greatly influences the price of an antique piece. “There is very solid demand for antique jewels with noble provenance,” agrees David Bennet from Sothebys.
Preeta Agarwal, a jewellery consultant based in Delhi suggests that if pieces have a story or a lineage to support them, it adds to the aura and value.
Add a popular celebrity name to the noble provenance and you have a certain best-seller on your hands. A prime example would be the Sotheby’s auction last year of actress Gina Lollobrigida’s jewels, where a pair of natural pearl and diamond earrings was sold for $2.39 million.
These earrings were antiques belonging to the House of Hasburg, but by virtue of being owned by the renowned actress, it sold for $2.39 million, creating a world record in auction prices.
Another instance would be the Le Peregrina, a 16th century pear-shaped pearl that once belonged to King Philip II of Spain and Queen Mary I.
It ended up in the collection of famed actress Elizabeth Taylor set in a pearl necklace by Cartier. The piece almost tripled its pre-auction estimate and sold for $11.8 million. Closer to home, a recent Sotheby’s Fine Jewels auction in July featured pieces from the collection of Maharani Sita Devi Sahib of Baroda and a turquoise and diamond ring made by Van Cleef & Arpels circa 1960s, sold for £23,750.
David Warren from Christie’s recommends the classic Art Deco style pieces from the 1920s for those looking to diversify.
“That decade was the golden period for Cartier and pieces like the Tutti Frutti collection and Egyptian-themed ones have only gone up in value,” says David. Mughal 17th century jewels as well, from the Jehangir period, are a strong area with many collectible pieces, he adds.
“We have also seen great enthusiasm for natural pearls in 19th-century settings,” says David Bennett from Sotheby’s, adding that it’s the highest quality pieces and extraordinary gemstones that are in demand. Locally, antique pieces find more takers among brides, who prefer the traditional look for weddings.
While Princeson James says that the traditional Chettinad style is most popular in India, Preeta Agarwal believes the south Indian Valanda style flat diamonds and regal kundan-polki are in great demand.
While it might be easier to buy from a retailer, both Preeta Agarwal and David Warren believe that going through a broker or public auctions is the best option. “There are undoubtedly some great opportunities in antique jewellery,” says Warren, “but it is wise to invest in what you know best.”
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
Related

PF Body to Set Up Specialised Corporate Offices for Large FirmsYou are here: Home Your Money
PF Body to Set Up Specialised Corporate Offices for Large Firms
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 14, 2014 21:23 (IST)
DDA Likely to Soon Hold Draw for Housing Scheme
New Delhi: The Employees Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) has decided to create paper-less specialised corporate offices (SCO) to provide prompt services to large firms and their employees.
The first such office will be set at the retirement fund body's office in Bandra, Mumbai. The Bandra SCO will be made operational from November 1.
"It has been decided to create a SCO. The SCO shall be created as a specialised office by carving out from existing large offices to cater to large establishments. This aimed at creating exemplary offices with high efficiency levels and prompt delivery of benefits," an EPFO office order said, adding, "The offices shall work on the concept of paperless office."
According to the order, these SCOs will be located in the regional office premises. EPFO has over 120 field offices across the country.
The order stated that the civil structure of the SCOs shall be such that it creates a brand value. These SCOs would be run with a dedicated work force that would function at high levels of efficiency.
The purpose for creation of SCO is to provide exemplary and quick service to a large chunk of EPFO subscribers employed in few selected firms.
The firms to be covered by the SCOs would be selected by a team of officers consisting of Regional Provident Fund Commissioner-I, Regional PF Commissioner (F&A) and Regional Provident Fund Commissioner (Administration).
As an incentive, the SCO shall have special allocation of budget towards honorarium, hiring of adequate number of vehicles, stationary, computer peripherals, outsourcing of support staff, upkeep and maintenance of office and likes.
However as per the order, the recovery and compliance function for the establishment shall continue to remain with the EPFO office of which the SCO remains a part.
The order says that the regional provident fund commissioner of the region, however, may transfer compliance and recovery functions if the the intent of the creation of SCO is not served in want of such function.
The retirement fund body has over 5 crore subscribers. It manages a corpus of around Rs 6 lakh crore and receives incremental deposits of over Rs 70,000 crore per annum.
Story first published on: September 14, 2014 21:09 (IST)

10 Ways To Help Your College Student Avoid The "Financial 15"You may remember the infamous freshman 15: too many slices of pizza plus too few trips to the gym equals a few extra pounds in the first semester.
 
But what about the freshman financial 15? By our definition, this is debt brought on in college. It sticks with you for years to come, and is even scarier than weight gain. As a mother of three kids, two who have graduated from college and one who is currently in college, this is a topic I find myself thinking about a lot. And, unfortunately, I've had to learn some lessons the hard way.
 
To help prevent you and your kids from having to learn these financial lessons the hard way, Bank of America has teamed up with Khan Academy to share some words of wisdom from Better Money Habits .
 
Here are 10 ways to help your college freshman avoid the financial 15:
1. Figure out how much college will actually cost
There's more to the cost of college than tuition, and the price of those additions are increasing at a rapid pace. You'll find that items like textbooks often cost upwards of $200. Look at the College Affordability and Transparency Center , which compares the real costs your student will face at various schools, to understand the full picture. Then, work with them to set a budget they can stick to.
2. Help them decide: on campus or off?
Student housing costs have risen by 65% over the last decade. When you were in school, living on campus may have been the most affordable option, but now it's worth exploring off-campus housing, too.
3. Be smart about student loans
Both you and your kid should get to know the FAFSA form (Free Application for Federal Student Aid), as it shows you how much financial aid your family is eligible for. Do some research with your student-to-be on subsidized and unsubsidized loans, and watch this video about managing student debt for information on how the repayment of these loans will affect you and your student. One way to help manage student debt before graduation is for your student to pursue work-study opportunities or part-time jobs on campus. If working during school is not an option, consider seasonal jobs such as working in retail during holiday breaks.
4. Talk to other parents
Chat with other parents in your community that have college-age kids to learn what did and did not work for them. They are likely to have valuable input, like information about surprise expenses they didn't think of, that may make it easier for your family.
5. Teach them the right ways to build credit
Now is probably a good time to get your son or daughter a credit card. I know what you're thinking. No, it won't be carte blanche to book themselves -- and their sorority sisters -- a spring break trip. Instead, college is a good time for them to start building up a solid credit score. Just be sure your student understands how the card and interest works so they know exactly what they're signing up for.
6. Make sure they take advantage of student discounts
As we all know too well, the perks of being a college student don't last forever. Help your kid make the most of them now by finding out which local stores, restaurants and movie theaters offer a discount with the flash of a student ID. They may hate the picture, but one day they'll definitely miss the perks.
7. Replace presents with gift cards
Cash is king, and it's usually something college students are most in need of -- not sweaters and earrings they'll never wear. Instead, give your kid cash or gift cards and let them budget based on their needs.
8. Help them learn how to manage their accounts
Take your kid to a local bank branch to help them gain a better understanding of how a bank works. A banker can explain account details, overdraft fees, and the difference between checking, savings and credit accounts. (This video can also help explain credit versus debit.) The more they know, the better equipped they'll be to make smart financial decisions in the future.
9. Start an emergency fund now
Talk with your kid about how much money should be in their bank account and why an emergency fund is important. For most students, college is their first taste of financial freedom. While an emergency doesn't seem likely, your kid won't want to be caught in a sticky situation due to an unexpected expense or bills they can't pay.
10. Keep the conversation going
Learning how to manage money isn't a one-and-done conversation. Keep an open dialogue with your undergraduate and have regular check-ins. It's important to help them revisit their budget to see what's working and what isn't. Be sure to discuss what savings goals they've been thinking about. By consistently adjusting their financial plan, you'll help them build good money habits for years to come.
More:

Metal shares fall on weak China factory dataShares of metal firms fall on weak China factory output data
Abhishek Vishnoi     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 10:57 IST
(Photo: Reuters)
Shares of metal firms were trading down on Monday at the domestic stock market on dismal China factory output data.
Shares of Tata Steel were down 1.8 per cent, while Hindalco Industries' shares fell 2.7 per cent.
China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years.
Shares of Tata Steel were trading at Rs 507.15 a piece at the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE), down 9.9 points (or 1.91 per cent) at 10:45 am.
Meanwhile, shares of Hindalco were trading at Rs 163.55 a piece at the BSE, down 5.05 points (or 3 per cent) at 10:45 am.
(Reuters)

NASA to send first 3D printer into space stationUpdated: September 14, 2014 20:54 IST
NASA to send first 3D printer into space station
IANS
Tweet
AP In this September 16, 2013 photo, tools and parts made by a 3D printer are displayed at Made in Space, in Mountain View, California. One of the biggest obstacles to space exploration is that you need to bring everything with you: tools, equipment, spare parts, satellites.
TOPICS
space programme
NASA is all set to send the fourth SpaceX Cargo Mission, that would carry among other equipments a 3D printer to the International Space Station (ISS) from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida on September 20.
Space Exploration Technologies Corp’ (SpaceX) Falcon-9 rocket will launch a Dragon cargo spacecraft loaded with more than 5,000 pounds of scientific equipment and supplies, the U.S. space agency said in a statement.
“The Dragon spacecraft will carry Special Purpose Inexpensive Satellite (SpinSat) to test how a small satellite moves and positions itself in space using a new thruster technology and the first 3D printer in space,” NASA said.
It will also carry a small flowering plant related to cabbage that would allow scientists to study plant growth and adaptations in space.
It will be the fifth trip by a Dragon spacecraft to the orbiting laboratory.
The spacecraft’s 2.5 tonnes of supplies and materials are critical for the implementation of 255 science and research investigations that will occur during the station’s Expeditions 41 and 42.
Besides, the spacecraft will carry science payloads like the ISS-Rapid Scatterometer to monitor ocean surface wind speed and direction.
The new bio-medical hardware on board will help facilitate prolonged biological studies of rodents in microgravity, the U.S. space agency added.

Fed should raise rates sooner than laterSeptember 15, 2014 6:00 am
Fed should raise rates sooner than later
By Andrew Wilson
US economy is improving and risk is of waiting too long
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ffacf10a-380c-11e4-b69d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

August WPI inflation hits a 5 year low of 3.74%Sep 15, 2014, 01.43 PM IST  | Source: CNBC-TV18
August WPI inflation hits a 5 year low of 3.74%
Experts see today's data as an impressive one, which indicates that the pace of growth of inflation has been slowing down, but they say one should not hope for an interest rate cut anytime soon.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
August WPI inflation hits a 5 year low of 3.74%
Experts see today's data as an impressive one, which indicates that the pace of growth of inflation has been slowing down, but they say one should not hope for an interest rate cut anytime soon.
Post your opinion here
Halftime Report
Inflation data based on wholesale price index (WPI) for August hit a five year low at 3.74 percent courtesy declining vegetable prices and other food articles. August WPI inflation stood at 5.19 percent in July. A CNBC-TV18 poll estimated it to be at 4.1 percent.
Food inflation in August hit a lowest level since January 2012. It eased to 5.15 percent versus 8.43 percent on a month-on-month (MoM) basis. Vegetable prices contracted 4.88 percent. Maintaining a downward trend, the onion prices contracted by 44.7 percent in August.  Inflation in the fruits basket eased to 20.31 percent in August. While prices of protein rich items like egg, meat and fish contracted during the month, inflation in milk and pulses inched up to 12.18 percent and 7.81 percent, respectively, as compared to July.
Further, August fuel inflation also hit a five-year low with the fuel and power group inflation declining to 4.54 percent versus 7.40 percent (MoM).
June WPI inflation has been revised to 5.66 percent from 5.43 percent previously.
Also Read: CPI at 8% in Jan 2015 seems a safe forecast, says Moody's
"This number is much better than what we were expecting. Yes, there was a significant base effect from last year, but fall in global commodity prices is having a positive impact on WPI. The impact of cooling global commodity prices is much larger on WPI than on CPI hence the WPI correction has been much sharper, “Samiran Chakraborty, head of research, Standard Chartered said in an interview to CNBC-TV18's Latha Venkatesh and Reema Tendulkar.
Chakraborty further highlighted that the rupee was at 68/USD last year in August and today it is 60/USD, so this huge improvement in exchange rate would have also aided this fall in WPI inflation.
Soumya Kanti Ghosh, chief economic adviser, State Bank of India had estimated August WPI inflation to come in at 4 percent. According to him, since WPI food inflation is declining at much faster rate CPI food component, one can hope for a sobering impact on CPI food inflation as well, which has remained at elevated levels. “International commodity and crude prices have corrected to multi-year lows. As much as two-third of global prices has impact on WPI given that on a seasonally adjusted basis, the WPI for this fiscal could be around 4-4.5 percent, “he added. Continuing his optimistic tone, he said that core inflation has trended down, so one should not be surprised if the whole year average for WPI is at around 4 percent. Core inflation was at 3. 5 percent in July.
Meanwhile, Vivek Rajpal, executive director - Asia Rates Strategy, Nomura is of the view that fall in core CPI data announced last week was a bigger surprise than today's WPI data. "These numbers indicate that inflation trajectory is declining and are positive from a rate perspective, but the central bank will cut interest rates much later than it is in the price, so longer-end bonds will continue to rally. The spread between longer-end bonds and repo will compress even much ahead of the actual rate cut, whenever it gets delivered," he said.
Despite WPI inflation cooling off the Indian equity benchmarks gave a muted reaction probably because the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) closely watches the CPI inflation data rather than WPI while taking a decision on interest rates. Experts see today's data as an impressive one, which indicates that the pace of growth of inflation has been slowing down, but they say one should not hope for an interest rate cut anytime soon. 
The next RBI monetary policy is on September 30.
For the complete interview watch the accompanying videos.
RELATED NEWS

Europe stock fund inflows reverse sharplyEurope stock fund inflows reverse sharply
By Ralph Atkins in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/03704192-3a98-11e4-bd08-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex Falls 244 Points  Nifty Ends Below 8 050You are here: Home Market
Sensex Falls 244 Points, Nifty Ends Below 8,050
NDTV | Updated On: September 15, 2014 15:52 (IST)
Yes Bank Gains Over 3%, RBI Removes Curbs on FII Share Purchase
BSE Sensex and Nifty fell sharply on Monday despite wholesale inflation falling to nearly 5-year low of 3.74 per cent in August.
The Sensex ended 244 points lower at 26,816.56 while Nifty fell 63 points to 8,042. The selling pressure was broad-based barring some defensive buying in some pharma stocks. Among major Nifty losers, TCS, UltraTech Cement, and Kotak Mahindra Bank fell nearly 2 per cent. Metal shares fell sharply on weak China output data. Hindalco fell 3 per cent while JSPL slumped 4.7 per cent.
The broader markets however attracted some buying activity. The BSE smallcap index rose nearly 0.70 per cent while the midcap index rose 0.2 per cent.
Market analyst Sanjeev Bhasin said Indian stocks are showing signs of exhaustion, with weakness in emerging market currency, slump in July industrial output growth weighing on the sentiment.
He sees Nifty consolidating in the 8000-8200 range.
India's industrial output growth hit a four-month low in July when it grew at much slower-than-expected 0.5 percent year-on-year. Retail inflation, which the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) tracks for setting lending rates, edged down marginally to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent a month earlier. The retail inflation and factory output data was released after market hours on Friday.
Investors also remained cautious ahead of the Federal Reserve meet later this week. Weak global markets also weighed on the sentiment. Recent string of strong US economic data added to concerns the Federal Reserve could raise interest rates sooner than some investors had expected.
Any decision by the US Federal Reserve to raise rates, which have been held near zero since December 2008, will have implications for India, as it could lead to capital outflows, weakening the rupee and inflating costs of imported commodities. (With Agency Inputs)
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 15:49 (IST)

Sensex drops 244 points on weak eco data  Fed cautionSensex drops 244 points on weak eco data, Fed caution
Jinsy Mathew | Mumbai Sep 15, 2014 04:04 PM IST
Benchmark share indices ended lower on Monday recording their highest single day fall since August 8 after sluggish July domestic industrial growth and weaker-than-expected economic data from China raised concerns over slowdown among the world's largest economies. Further, investors also turned cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's two-day policy meet which begins on Tuesday.
The 30-share Sensex ended down 245 points at 26,816 and the Nifty gave off 63 points to close at 8,042.
Even as the benchmark indices slipped by nearly a percent each, there was no sign of weakness in the broader markets. The smallcap index rallied by 0.6% and the midcap index was up 0.1%, continuing its outperformance.
Rupee
The Indian currency fell to as much as 61.11, the lowest since Aug. 14 in intra-day trades today. The fall was in keeping with weaker emerging Asian currencies. However, at 1530 hrs, the rupee was quoting at 61.05 to a Dollar.
Sectors & Stocks
On the sectoral front, Healthcare and Realty were the only pockets to close in green with gains of 0.2% and 0.04% respectively.
Oil & Gas, Metal, Capital Goods and Consumer Durables indices down 1-2% were the sectoral draggers.
Metal shares declined on weak Chinese economic data. China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August raising fears the world's second-largest economy may be at risk of a sharp slowdown.  Hindalco, Tata Steel and Sesa Sterlite down 1.7-3.3% were among the top Sensex losers.
State-owned bank shares are in focus and trading higher by up to 4% in an otherwise weak market after Raghuram Rajan's comment on appointment process in state-owned banks. Andhra Bank, Allahabad Bank, IDBI Bank, Dena Bank, Corporation Bank and Indian Bank gained 2-4%.
ONGC, HDFC, TCS, Sun Pharma, Axis Bank, M&M, GAIL, RIL and L&T were some of the other notable losers.
Meanwhile, Cipla, Hero MotoCorp, HDFC Bank and Dr Reddy's up 0.4-2.5% were the only gainers among Sensex-30.
In individual names, Mastek rallied 16% to Rs 272, also its 52-week high on National Stock Exchange, after the company said it will demerge its insurance products and services business into a separate listed company.
Lupin moved higher by 4% to Rs 1,416, on media reports that the pharmaceutical major is in advanced talks to sign a blockbuster deal with Merck  Serono.
RPP Infra Projects surged over 7% to Rs 92 after the company today announced that it has received rural electrification orders worth Rs 55.20 crore.
Fortis Healthcare surged 6% to Rs 129 after the company said decided to divest entire stake in healthcare service provider RadLink-Asia and its arm RadLink Singapore to Medi-Rad Associates for SGD 137 million (over Rs 655 crore).
Snowman Logistics was locked in upper circuit of 5% at Rs 82.65, extending its 70% surge on listing day, after mutual fund and high net worth individual bought more than three percent stake in the company through open market on Friday.
Yes Bank dipped over 5% at Rs 600 after the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday said the foreign investors will need the central bank's approval to buy additional equity in the private sector lender.
Global Markets
Stock markets fell on Monday after China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while worries over the impact of another round of sanctions on Russian projects added to headwinds for Moscow-listed companies and the oil market.
Among the Asian markets, Straits Times and Hang Seng down 1% each were teh top losers while Nikkei and Shanghai Copmposite bucked the trend.
In the European market, FTSE and CAC were down 0.3% each while DAX was flat with a positive bias.

Weaker currency  patent expiration boost for healthcare firmsWeaker currency, patent expiration boost for healthcare firms
Sneha Padiyath | Mumbai Sep 15, 2014 04:44 PM IST
Stocks of Indian pharma companies seem to be in the pink of health as investor-interest in them rises on the back of a weakening currency, the expiry of generic-drug patents later this year and a slew of US FDA approvals.
Besides, volumes growth in the industry along with rise in prices is expected to boost growth for the sector in the next one-year period, said analysts.
"We believe the benefit from price increase, improvement in monsoon trend over the last few weeks and the low base should help improve industry growth in September and also 2HFY15. We expect domestic growth to recover to 8-10% in FY15 (vs. 6.3% last year) aided by volume increase, low single digit price increase and resolution of one-off issues seen in FY14," said a report on the pharmaceuticals industry authored by analyst Neha Manpuria of J P Morgan.
On Monday, the BSE Healthcare was one of the two index gainers on a day that saw the benchmarks BSE Sensex and NSE Nifty close down 1%.
The BSE healthcare index was up about half-a-percent as optimism about growth in the sector pushed investor-buying. The BSE Sensex ended at 26,816 while the NSE Nifty closed at 8,042.
On the BSE, Wockhardt, Cipla and Sun Pharma were among stocks which witnessed high turnovers. The defensive sector has been the investor favourite for over a year now with the index having gained over 50% in the last one-year period.
 

JSW Steel plans to buy Italy s Lucchini for sub $100 mnJSW Steel plans to buy Italy's Lucchini for sub $100 mn
PTI     Mumbai   Last Updated: September 15, 2014  | 18:07 IST
Private steel firm JSW Steel is planning to acquire Italy's Lucchini SpA for less than $100 million and start operations in the current calendar year.
"We are planning to acquire Lucchini as given a binding bid to government. The acquisition cost will be sub-$100 million and we hope to start operations by end of this calendar year," JSW Steel Chairman Sajjan Jindal told reporters on the sidelines of 'M Visvesvaraya lecture series' at Nehru Science Centre in Mumbai.
The deal would not involve taking on any debt from the bankrupt company and would not require fund-raising, Jindal said adding that it is in the best place (of bidders).
Lucchini, Italy's second-largest steel plant by capacity, was declared insolvent in 2012 and placed under special administration after plunge in European demand for steel since 2008.
Lucchini is engaged in producing speciality long products like rolling mills manufacturing for European railways, bars for specialised auto industry and wire rod mills.
JSW plans to restructure the company after the acquisition takes place. It plans to supply basic steel from India, which will be added value to produce high quality steel and sold in the European market.
It also plans to produce steel in Lucchini through a newer and more environment friendly technology at a later stage, which would require large investment, Jindal said.
JSW Steel is also in the running to buy Italy's largest steel plant Ilva, having 10 million tonnes per annum capacity.
"We are starting due diligence to acquire Ilva. We are looking at acquisition of this unit in a very positive way.
The acquisition needs very big investment, as it has lot of liabilities and it's a very complex project," Jindal said.
Commenting on future acquisition plans, he said, "We are open to ideas of acquisition in other geographies and we will acquire what suits our canvas. But we are looking at acquisitions in India because I believe India is the best place for producing steel."
Jindal pointed out that the power sector has to get consolidated overtime like steel industry.
"There will be a big change in the way power plants will be operating because Supreme Court is looking at how to regulate the whole system of coal mines. We will wait for SC decision, which is expected by this month. The government is going to come out with a progressive policy post Supreme Court verdict, because more than Rs 3,000 crore invested in power sector and we cannot afford such investment to die," he said.
Jindal said he is hopeful of growth, although the steel demand during the first 4-5 months of current fiscal hasn't seen much growth, but if country's GDP grew by 6 per cent, steel industry will see growth of 7 to 8 per cent.

This is what the Google Android One smartphones will look likeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Mixed macros drag Sensex 245 pts; Midcap  smallcap rallySep 15, 2014, 05.06 PM IST  | Source: Moneycontrol.com
IIP data drags Sensex 245 pts, ignores inflation; midcap up
The Indian rupee breached 61 level, hitting a four-month low on the bank of weakness in equity markets and increased demand for dollars overseas. It was down 42 paise to 61.07 a dollar (at 16 hours IST) on strong dollar demand.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
IIP data drags Sensex 245 pts, ignores inflation; midcap up
The Indian rupee breached 61 level, hitting a four-month low on the bank of weakness in equity markets and increased demand for dollars overseas. It was down 42 paise to 61.07 a dollar (at 16 hours IST) on strong dollar demand.
Post your opinion here
16:42
Moneycontrol Bureau
After a small break on last Friday, the selling pressure resumed again on Monday dragging the Sensex below 27000 level dented by weak industrial output in July despite significant fall in August inflation. Global nervousness ahead of FOMC meet (which will begin on Tuesday) too caused pressure. However, the broader markets outperformed benchmarks and the market breadth remained positive.
 
The 30-share BSE Sensex fell 244.48 points to close at 26816.56 and the 50-share NSE Nifty lost 63.50 points to 8042 whereas the BSE Midcap and Smallcap indices were up 0.12 percent and 0.65 percent, respectively.
According to Mahesh Nandurkar of CLSA, the coming festive season should be a barometer of Indian economic recovery.
Meanwhile, the Indian rupee breached 61 level, hitting a four-month low intraday on the bank of weakness in equity markets and increased demand for dollars overseas. It was down 49 paise to 61.14 a dollar at close.
Prabhat Awasthi, Nomura says a stronger dollar, driven by expectations of divergent monetary policies of the Fed and other major developed world central banks is positive for Indian equities on an overall basis.
Historically, broad dollar strength typically begins 6-9 months ahead of a rate tightening cycle, a phase we believe India is now entering, he elaborates.
On the economic data front, WPI inflation hit five-year low in August, easing to 3.74 percent as against 5.19 percent in July supported by low food and fuel cost.
“The WPI index is less relevant today from the point of view of monetary policy but still is indicative of prices at a different level,” said CARE Ratings, adding it still does not think the RBI will lower interest rates on September 30 based on this information.
CPI inflation (announced on Friday evening) also declined to 7.8 percent versus 7.96 percent on month-on-month basis but industrial output dropped sharply to 0.5 percent in July from 3.9 percent in June on weak growth in manufacturing, capital goods and consumer goods sectors.
Stocks in Action
Shares of oil & gas, metals, technology, FMCG, capital goods, power and auto stocks were under pressure.
Jindal Steel and Hindalco Industries topped the selling list, falling 4.6 percent and 3 percent, respectively. Tata Steel and Sesa Sterlite were down over 1.5 percent after China’s industrial production grew 6.9 percent last month, its weakest rate since December 2008, as against 9 percent growth in July.
Shares of TCS, HDFC, ITC, Reliance Industries, ONGC, L&T, ICICI Bank, Infosys, Tata Motors, M&M and Sun Pharma dropped 0.8-1.8 percent.
However, Cipla bucked the trend, up 2.8 percent as the company entered into a licensing agreement with Gilead to increase access to Hepatitis C treatment.
Another drug maker Lupin ended at record closing high of Rs 1414, up 4 percent on a media report that the company is in advanced talks to sign a blockbuster deal with Merck Serono.
Private sector lender HDFC Bank climbed 0.5 percent as managing director Aditya Puri is affirmative that the growth will get back to 25 percent and even 30 percent growth when the economy gets back to 6-7 percent growth, which he expects by FY16.
Two-wheeler maker Hero Motocorp rose 1.6 percent as company expects very strong sales in festive season and expects sales of 6 lakh 2 wheelers during Diwali.
In the broader space, Fortis Healthcare shot up 6.7 percent on selling RadLink-Asia stake to Medi-Rad Association for about USD 110 million while Bajaj Electricals gained 1.5 percent on winning eight new orders worth Rs 518.5 crore.
Atlas Cycle Industries gained 7 percent after Uttar Pradesh government decided to exempt VAT on bicycles costing less that Rs 3,500 whereas YES Bank tanked 5 percent after FII investments reached trigger limit.
Advancing shares outnumbered declining ones by a ratio of 1756 to 1309 shares on the Bombay Stock Exchange.
14:00

Ditch the Talking Points  Make Listening Pointsreddit
You've been to this meeting. You and a bunch of peers are gathered to do some planning or training. Over lunch, a senior leader of the organization has been asked to come spend time with the gang. It's a great opportunity for both the leadership group and this senior leader to have exposure to each other.
More than likely, the leader emailed the meeting organizer, "What do you want me to say?" Leaders almost always do that when they're asked to join a meeting with middle management or a customer or a key partner. They know that others expect a leader to say something.
So that's what the leaders do.  They say... something. They come armed with talking points. Sometimes they say something good. Occasionally it's memorable - especially if they use hand-drawn pictures. More often, it's forgettable, benign, and sanitized. You and your colleagues parse and interpret. You read the tea leaves.
Then you go back to work.
It's not tragic, but it's a wasted opportunity.
Now flip this scenario around. Say you're the leader in this situation.  There's another way to handle this interaction, one that has a better chance of building trust and credibility with a key group. The strategy is to create listening points. Here's how you do it.
Listening Point step 1: Think of an issue that is of mutual interest. It could be a strategy that this group is trying to implement. It could be a trend you're sensing in the environment.
Listening Point step 2: Ask a few real, provocative questions about the issue. Here are a few questions you could try on for size (I got several of these from Tom Paterson, a master strategic facilitator):
-  What might I be missing about what it's really like to do your job right now?
-  Where do you see opportunities we might not be taking advantage of?
-  Where do you see dangers to which we are apparently blind?
-  Where are we wasting resources?
-  What excites you about our direction?
-  What concerns you about our direction?
Listening Point step 3: Listen for anything - and I mean anything - that you can commit to act upon or bring to your own peer group for further consideration.
Listening Point step 4: Commit to take that action and communicate when they will hear back from you.
Listening Point step 5: Follow up as promised.
This approach has several benefits over the usual way executives make appearances.
You can direct your comments to the real felt needs of people in the group rather than shooting in the dark with pre-prepared comments.
You have the opportunity to make a real contribution to something of shared interest. This is much better than playing a figurehead role where people are left wondering what you really do all day.
You can build credibility with a key constituency through actions plus words instead of just doing happy talk.
I understand why leaders fall back on talking points. It's a safety net. Leaders often feel like they're safer if they take the initiative and fill the air time with scripted comments, much like politicians do on talk shows. Interactions like the one I describe above are largely unscripted. And unscripted can feel out of control.
But the control you get by hiding behind talking points is shallow. You get momentary control but you lose the influence you only get by surfing through an improvised conversation. That's when people learn what they really want to know about you.
How does she really think?
How open is he to influence? How humble is he?
What excites her? What makes her crazy?
Like anyone, they're really trying to figure out whether you're someone they want to follow and listen to and deal with. They know that talking points can be an elaborate screen. Listening points - and especially your response to the conversation - provide a window into who you really are.
And that's what people really want to know.
Who are you really?
Will you listen?
Is there a chance that you'll be open to their influence?
If you answer those questions convincingly - in how you act more than what you say - you'll develop an environment of optimism and innovation.
Be bright.
Follow Ted Harro on Twitter: www.twitter.com/tedharro
More:

Xi s India Visit: Gujarat  Guangdong set to become sister provincesAhmedabad
(It's likely to be something…)
BEIJING: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's home state, Gujarat, is set to become the sister province of one of China's most developed Guangdong province and its capital Guangzhou the sister city of Ahmedabad, after the two sides ink a pact this week during Chinese President's India visit.
The pacts are expected to be signed during Xi Jinping's visit to Ahmedabad on September 17, coinciding with Modi's 64th birthday.
Guangdong is China's richest province posting the highest GDP growth compared to all Chinese provinces, since 1989.
It is where Chinese reformist leader Deng Xiaoping launched his famous SEZ pilot project at Shenzhen which became China's biggest business and industrial hub.
With a population of over 100 million, Guangdong raked in a GDP of USD 1.5 trillion last year with per capita income of over USD 9,500.
Gujarat is also widely regarded as one of India's richest and most developed states.
The agreements could leverage a lot of direct investment opportunities facilitating direct interaction between the two.
Similarly, the sister city agreements between Guangzhou and Ahmedabad may enable both provincial capital cities to explore direct investment opportunities and joint development programmes besides cultural interaction, officials told PTI.
It's likely to be something similar to the pact signed between Japanese city Kyoto and Modi's constituency Varanasi during his recent visit to Japan.
The agreements were expected to be signed at a ceremony on the banks of Sabarmati river and would be attended by both Xi and Modi.
For Modi, it was a coup of sorts to get Xi to begin his maiden visit to India from Gujarat as the Chinese President initially toyed the idea to visit Kochi in Kerala instead.
The cancellation of Xi's visit to Pakistan also enabled him to rework his programme. He is currently visiting Maldives from there he would go to Sri Lanka and then come to India.
Chinese officials explored the Kochi option as it showcased famous Chinese navigator Zheng He's travels to the state in 14th century.
Kochi houses the unique Chinese fishing nets, which remained a major travel attraction.
In July this year, some Chinese officials even visited Kochi to discuss plans for Xi's visit to the city.
Xi also considered a visit to Kerala as part of his vision to develop the strategic 21st century Maritime Silk Road (MSR) to recreate the epic voyage undertaken by Zheng He. China has invited India to be part of the MSR.
Xi also wanted to visit Gujarat to see the development under Modi's stewardship as Chief Minister of the state.
Modi visited China several times during his tenures as Chief Minister and successfully courted Chinese investments.
The September 8 visit of National Security Advisor Ajit Doval here and his meeting with Xi clinched Xi's visit to Gujarat, officials said.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ford India Drives in Refreshed FigoYou are here: Home Corporates
Ford India Launches Refreshed Figo at Rs 3.87 Lakh
Press Trust of India | Updated On: September 15, 2014 15:02 (IST)
Kotak Bank Buys ING Vysya in Record $2.4 Billion Share Deal
Ford India on Monday launched a refreshed version of its compact car Ford Figo ahead of the upcoming festival season.  
The refreshed Ford Figo will be available at Rs 3.87 lakh to Rs 5.14 lakh for the petrol variant and Rs 4.83 lakh to Rs 6.09 lakh (ex-Showroom Delhi) for the diesel option, the company said in a statement.
     
"With the refreshed look, we are adding even more style to the Figo, which is highly regarded as a reliable vehicle with an outstanding value-for-money proposition," Ford India executive director (Marketing, Sales and Service) Vinay Piparsania said.
      
The new look Ford Figo will have smoky stealth finish exterior styling elements, including 14 inch alloy wheels, fog lamp bezels and rear bumper valance.
      
The company said the new Figo range will also continue to offer a two-year or 1 lakh kilometre warranty. It is also offering 'Happy Pocket Service' with comprehensive scheduled service with price starting at Rs 2,199.
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 14:55 (IST)

Market falls most in five weeksRaging bulls take a break
BS Reporter | Mumbai Sep 15, 2014 10:49 PM IST
On Monday, India’s benchmark indices posted their steepest decline in more than a month, owing to weak data on factory activity in India and China. Also, investors turned risk-averse ahead of a meeting of the US Federal Reserve to set the path for interest rate cuts in that country.
The BSE Sensex closed at 26,816.56, down 0.9 per cent, the most since August 8. The National Stock Exchange (NSE) Nifty closed at 8,042, a fall of 0.78 per cent, with more 75 per cent of its components ending with losses.
Data released after market hours on Friday showed the Index of Industrial Production declined to 0.5 per cent in July from 3.4 per cent a month earlier. China, the world’s second-largest economy, reported slowest industrial production growth since the 2008 global financial crisis, spooking global equity markets.
Experts said the markets were likely to remain under pressure, as investors awaited clear signals from the US Fed, which would meet on September 16 and 17 to decide on interest rate increases, expected only next year. A decline in Wholesale Price Index-based inflation, however, provided some comfort to the market, though it wasn’t enough to reverse the losses, seen across most global markets.
“The market looks stretched by about five per cent; certain stocks look more stretched. We expect the market to consolidate at current levels for the next few months. Though we remain bullish, the pace of the rally will definitely slow,” said Nitin Jain, head (capital markets), Edelweiss.
According to provisional NSE data, foreign investors sold shares worth Rs 75 crore on Monday. So far this year, foreign institutional investment into Indian markets has crossed the $14-billion mark, helping the markets rise about 27 per cent during this period.
Despite the fall in benchmark indices, the broader market remained positive, with more than one stock advancing for every falling one. The BSE mid-cap and small-cap indices bucked ended 0.18 per cent and 0.71 per cent higher, respectively. Metal stocks, led by Hindalco and Tata Steel, fell the most. Information technology majors Tata Consultancy Services and Wipro declined about 1.5 per cent each.
“In these times, when market sentiment is strong and small- and mid-caps are making new highs, our advice is to remain discrete and look to stay invested in companies with good management track records,” said Dipen Shah, head (private client group research), Kotak Securities.
Analysts believe now, the pace of the rally might slow, as Indian market valuations are more than their long-term averages. The benchmark Nifty is trading at 17.5 times the 2014-15 estimated earnings and 14.8 times the 2015-16 estimated earnings. “The last 10-year average for Nifty’s one-year forward price/earnings is at 14.9, implying the Nifty, at 16.3, is trading at a slight premium,” says R Sreesankar, head (institutional equities), Prabhudas Lilladher.
On Monday, NSE’s India Vix rose seven per cent to 13.25, indicating possible volatility in coming sessions. “The market has started preparing for an interest rate increase in the US, expected next year. If there is any negative surprise, there could be correction,” said Jain.

Rupee Ends Lower at 61.13Yes Bank Gains Over 3%, RBI Removes Curbs on FII Share Purchase
The rupee hit a one-month low and saw its biggest single-day decline in nearly one-and-a-half months on Monday, tracking weakness in other Asian currencies, while dollar demand from custodian banks due to the fall in the share market also hurt.
The partially convertible rupee ended at 61.13/14 per dollar, after hitting 61.18, a level last seen on Aug. 13. It had closed at 60.65/66 on Friday.
The wholesale price inflation eased to its lowest level in nearly five years in August, but the central bank is likely to keep interest rates on hold later this month to prevent a revival in price pressures once the economy gains momentum.
Asian currencies took a hammering on Monday and the dollar further strengthened after data out on Saturday showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, and growth in other key sectors also cooled.
Caution on emerging market currencies is expected to continue as the US Federal Reserve is set to hold its policy meeting amidst concerns that it may raise interest rates earlier than previously anticipated, while Scotland is also due to hold its independence vote.
"We are seeing some kind of convergence between the rupee and other falling Asian currencies considering that the rupee has been an outlier in this space so far," said Anindya Banerjee, a currency analyst at Kotak Securities, a brokerage in Mumbai.
"The rupee still has a lot of catching up to do here, which means that it would continue to remain under pressure until the Fed meeting provides some clarity."
Analysts were disappointed after data last week showed that India's industrial output growth hit a four-month low in July while inflation remained high.
The sharp fall in the core retail inflation print however was a relief for markets.
The local currency recovered some of the losses after RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan said India's macroeconomic indicators are improving and inflation has been coming down in line with central bank's estimates.
However, most traders expect the local unit to continue to struggle against the dollar, with some pointing out that the rupee may slide to 61.70-62.00 levels if the key 61.35 level is breached.
In the offshore non-deliverable forwards, the one-month contract was at 61.51 while the three-month contract was at 62.12.
Copyright: Thomson Reuters 2014

Numaligarh refindery registers 157% growth in net profitNumaligarh refindery registers 157% growth in net profit
BS Reporter | Guwahati Sep 15, 2014 08:09 PM IST
Assam-based Numaligarh Refinery Limited (NRL), a subsidiary of Bharat Petroleum, has registered a 157 per cent growth in its net profit for the 2013-14 fiscal.
At the company's 21st annual general meeting (AGM), NRL declared dividend of 16 per cent (Rs 1.60 per fully paid share of Rs 10 each) for the year 2013-14 on the paid up share capital. The company has achieved a sales turnover of Rs 9,872 crore; recording a growth of 13 per cent, while the net profit increased by 157 per cent  to Rs 371 crore. The basic earning per share was Rs 5.04 as against Rs 1.96 in the previous year.
On the physical front, NRL has recorded 92.16 per cent distillate yield during 2013-14, the "highest" among PSU refineries in the country, claimed the company. Crude throughput during 2013-14 was 2,613 TMT, higher than the previous year by 5 per cent and corresponding to 87 per cent capacity utilisation. Specific energy consumption - a mark of energy efficiency in operations, was limited to the level of  53.6 MBN. Production of motor spirit (petrol) was maximised to reach the level of 309 TMT. The gross refining margin (GRM) during 2013-14 was $12.09 per bbl.
"Our excellence in refinery operations has been exemplified through achievement of highest distillate yield among all PSU oil refineries in the country for the third consecutive year," said S Varadarajan, chairman and managing director (CMD) of Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited (BPCL), who presided over the AGM at the capacity of chairman, NRL.
With a dividend of 16 per cent announced at the AGM, the total dividend to be paid by NRL to its shareholders, namely BPCL, Oil India Limited (OIL) and Assam government would amount to Rs 117.70 crore. The Assam government will receive Rs 14.53 crore as dividend for its equity of 12.35 per cent in NRL.
On the marketing front, out of 2,550 TMT of petroleum products marketed by the company during 2013-14, 24 per cent were sold within North-East while balance 76 per cent was sold outside the region.
In terms of project implementation, the naphtha splitter project was successfully commissioned in November 2013. The naphtha produced would cater to the needs of the Assam gas cracker project once it gets commissioned. With the commissioning of the wax project shortly, NRL claimed it would emerge as a leading wax producer in the country. The company is also in the process of establishing its marketing network for wax through appointment of nine distributors across the country.
Faced with the dual challenge of sub-economic refining capacity and declining trend in domestic crude oil supplies from North-Eastern oil fields, the company is "actively pursuin" a proposal of refinery expansion from 3.0 to 9.0 MMTPA at an estimated cost of Rs 16,600 crore, and sourcing incremental crude through imports. Imported crude oil is envisaged to be transported from an eastern port to Numaligarh through a new pipeline.

Indian economy poised to grow 5.7% this year  says OECDSep 15, 2014, 06.32 PM IST  | Source: PTI
Indian economy poised to grow 5.7% this year, says OECD
In its latest interim Economic Assessment report released today, OECD said a moderate expansion is under way in most major advanced and emerging economies. However, growth remains weak in the euro area, which runs the risk of prolonged stagnation if further steps are not taken to boost demand, it added.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
Indian economy poised to grow 5.7% this year, says OECD
In its latest interim Economic Assessment report released today, OECD said a moderate expansion is under way in most major advanced and emerging economies. However, growth remains weak in the euro area, which runs the risk of prolonged stagnation if further steps are not taken to boost demand, it added.
Post your opinion here
 
Sharply revising upwards its forecast, Paris-based think tank OECD today projected 5.7 percent growth for the Indian economy this year even as global recovery continues at a moderate pace.
Its latest estimate is way higher than the 4.9 percent growth projection in May this year.      "Growth in India is projected to pick up and Brazil will experience a modest rebound from recession... India will  grow by 5.7 percent in 2014 and 5.9 percent in 2015," the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) said.
Also read: Indian economy to grow at 5.6% in FY'15: FICCI
In its latest interim Economic Assessment report released today, OECD said a moderate expansion is under way in most major advanced and emerging economies. However, growth remains weak in the euro area, which runs the risk of prolonged stagnation if further steps are not taken to boost demand, it added.
OECD is a grouping of 34 countries. India's economic growth accelerated to 5.7 percent in April-June quarter, much better than 4.7 percent in the same quarter of previous fiscal. Government expects growth in current fiscal to be between 5.4-5.9 percent. The economy grew by sub-5 percent in 2012-13 and 2013-14.
About India, OECD said the country "has the opportunity to achieve faster and more inclusive growth".  India needs to improve fiscal consolidation by shifting from subsidies to investment in social and physical infrastructure, control inflation and improve financial stability, it added.
Further, the grouping said the country should improve "infrastructure, simplify labour laws and pursue tax reforms". According to OECD, even though emerging economies as a group would continue to grow much faster than the advanced economies, the forecast are uneven across countries.
While China is projected to see GDP growth of 7.4 percent this year, Brazil is anticipated to see an expansion of 0.3 percent. "While the global recovery continues at a moderate rate, the outlook is uneven across regions. Growth will be strong enough to push unemployment down further in US, UK and Canada.
"In Japan, where unemployment has already declined to low levels, the economy will grow broadly in line with its potential. China is expected to continue an orderly adjustment to still high but more sustainable growth rates," OECD said.
The US is expected to see a growth of 2.1 percent this year while the UK is projected to grow 3.1 percent in 2014.  "The euro area is projected to grow at a 0.8 percent rate in 2014... Growth prospects differ widely among the major euro area economies," the grouping said.
OECD Deputy Secretary General and Acting Chief Economist Rintaro Tamaki said the global economy is expanding unevenly, and at only a moderate rate.
RELATED NEWS

Xi Jinping - $100 bn is coming!Nitin Pai: Xi Jinping - $100 bn is coming!
Nitin Pai |  Sep 14, 2014 09:44 PM IST
Ahead of Xi Jinping's visit, China's consul-general in Mumbai hinted that the Chinese government and businesses will commit to investing over $100 billion in India over the next five years. Lest India's usually excitable journalists not get sufficiently excited by that big number, he added that this is "thrice the investments committed by Japan" during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent trip to that country. China's investment commitments will include "industrial parks, modernisation of railways, highways, ports, power generation, distribution and transmission, automobiles, manufacturing, food processing, and textile industries" - almost everything that the Indian government will permit.
According to China's ministry of commerce, Chinese companies invested $108 billion outside their country last year, around 23 per cent higher than in 2012. If the consul-general's announcement is taken at face value, India would account for a substantial chunk of China's foreign investments over the next few years. Not impossible, of course, but certainly warranting scepticism.
For, investment commitments are wonderful things. They can be large. They can go into nice and necessary activities. They make a lot of people feel good. The best part is that they are only commitments, and even if someone keeps track of them, there are no costs at all for not actually turning them into investments. From "complex regulations" to "changed business environments", there are a lot of genuine reasons available to explain why it is not the committer's fault that the commitment didn't, after all, turn into an investment.
To be sure, this columnist has supported economist Ajit Ranade's argument that India should permit Chinese investments in certain types of concrete infrastructure, such as highways and bridges, as it would be in both countries' interests. The Chinese will get a decent long-term return on their surplus funds, and we will have access to lower-cost financing for our infrastructure growth. Roads and bridges do not undermine national security, nor do they lock us into Chinese technology.
What we must realise though is that the Chinese government under President Xi has a deliberate strategy to use geo-economic incentives to try and prevail in its geo-political disputes. In a study of China's policy towards its periphery in the summer 2014 issue of the Hoover Institution's China Leadership Monitor, Michael D Swaine observes that Beijing has decided to pursue "potentially contradictory policy objectives of deepening positive relations with neighbouring countries while more resolutely advancing or protecting China's territorial and resource interests and claims". China's policymakers calculate, perhaps correctly, that money is an effective way to address the contradiction, because well-directed investments can create favourable vested interests in the short term and also because, less certainly, shared prosperity can change geo-political equations in the long term.
Mr Swaine quotes Yan Xuetong, a realist Chinese strategist, as suggesting that Beijing will use its leverage in a carrot-and-stick approach, rewarding "those 'who are willing to play a constructive role in China's rise' while punishing those who show hostility toward China". This is very much along the lines of the approach this columnist has suggested New Delhi ought to take with respect to our own neighbours. So we should not be surprised if Beijing will try the same approach on us. We must be prepared for it: India must be open to greater trade and investment with China, but we must not treat it as an ordinary economic relationship.
In the two years since he was appointed president, Mr Xi has consolidated his position by taking hardline positions on domestic political reform and by launching an aggressive campaign against rival leaders. He has been less successful on the external front: the troubles at every part of China's periphery have gotten worse even as new geo-political alignments are taking shape among the Indo-Pacific's major powers. For the first time in decades, Beijing is concerned about its frontiers with Afghanistan and Pakistan, and specifically with the spillover of the jihadist conflicts there. The emerging relationship between the United States and Iran will require Beijing to review its relationships in West Asia. Tensions with the United States and its allies all across East Asia that have remained on the threshold of armed conflict for years.
More importantly, Prime Minister Narendra Modi's early foreign-policy initiatives have strengthened New Delhi's bilateral relationships with Japan and Australia, and in so doing, signalled India's renewed determination to shape the Indo-Pacific balance of power.
Beijing should note - if it has not already - that the Indian prime minister has not yet included the United States in this project. Since Mr Xi's visit to India precedes Mr Modi's trip to the United States, Beijing has the first opportunity to determine New Delhi's assessment of how much nearness is called for between India and the United States.
India is a geo-political swing power with the ability to influence the outcomes of contests between the United States and China. New Delhi can strengthen its leverage by having better relations with the two than they have with each other. The current moment presents the Modi government with an opportunity to do just this: to take advantage, but very carefully, of Beijing's inclination to offer economic incentives.
The writer is director of the Takshashila Institution, an independent non-partisan think tank

Sebi issues clarity on position limits for MFs in IRFSebi issues clarity on position limits for MFs in IRF
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 15, 2014 06:20 PM IST
Providing more clarity on mutual fund exposure in Interest Rate Futures (IRF), Sebi today said fund houses can have position limits as available to trading members of the stock exchanges.
Besides, schemes of mutual funds can also have position limits as applicable to the clients currently.
Trading in IRF is cash settled and is based on the benchmark ten-year government bond, one of the most liquid debt paper instruments in the country.
The clarifications were given by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) in a circular today "in light of the queries received" by it on the issue.
"Mutual Funds shall have position limits as applicable to trading members presently," Sebi said.
"Schemes of mutual funds shall have position limits as applicable to clients presently," it added.
Presently, the gross open positions of the trading members across all contracts cannot exceed 10 per cent of the total open interest or Rs 600 crore, whichever is higher.
For clients, the gross open positions across all contracts cannot exceed 3 per cent of the total open interest or Rs 200 crore, whichever is higher.
An IRF is a contract between a buyer and a seller for future delivery of an interest-bearing security such as government bonds.
The product provides market participants with a better option to hedge against risks arising from fluctuations in interest rates.
Market participants like banks, FIIs, insurance companies, corporate houses and NBFCs can also trade in this product.

Indian Economy Poised to Grow 5.7 Per Cent in 2014: OECDLondon: Sharply revising upwards its forecast, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) has projected 5.7 per cent growth for the Indian economy this year even as global recovery continues at a moderate pace.
Its latest estimate is way higher than the 4.9 per cent growth projection in May this year.
"Growth in India is projected to pick up and Brazil will experience a modest rebound from recession... India will grow by 5.7 per cent in 2014 and 5.9 per cent in 2015," the Paris-based think tank said.
In its latest interim Economic Assessment report released on Monday, OECD said a moderate expansion is underway in most major advanced and emerging economies.
However, growth remains weak in the euro area, which runs the risk of prolonged stagnation if further steps are not taken to boost demand, it added.
OECD is a grouping of 34 countries.
India's economic growth accelerated to 5.7 per cent in April-June quarter, better than 4.7 per cent in the corresponding quarter last fiscal year.
Government expects growth in the current fiscal year to be between 5.4 and 5.9 per cent. The economy grew by sub-5 per cent in 2012-13 and 2013-14.
About India, OECD said the country "has the opportunity to achieve faster and more inclusive growth".
India needs to improve fiscal consolidation by shifting from subsidies to investment in social and physical infrastructure, control inflation and improve financial stability, it added.
Further, the grouping said the country should improve "infrastructure, simplify labour laws and pursue tax reforms".
According to OECD, even though emerging economies as a group would continue to grow much faster than the advanced economies, the forecast are uneven across countries.
While China is projected to see GDP growth of 7.4 per cent this year, Brazil is anticipated to see an expansion of 0.3 per cent.
"While the global recovery continues at a moderate rate, the outlook is uneven across regions. Growth will be strong enough to push unemployment down further in US, UK and Canada," it said.
"In Japan, where unemployment has already declined to low levels, the economy will grow broadly in line with its potential. China is expected to continue an orderly adjustment to still high but more sustainable growth rates."
The US is expected to see growth of 2.1 per cent this year while the UK is projected to grow 3.1 per cent in 2014.
"The euro area is projected to grow at a 0.8 per cent rate in 2014... Growth prospects differ widely among the major euro area economies," the grouping said.
OECD Deputy Secretary General and Acting Chief Economist Rintaro Tamaki said the global economy is expanding unevenly, and at only a moderate rate.
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 18:01 (IST)

Many banks not giving interest-free loans to sugar millsSep 15, 2014, 07.18 PM IST  | Source: PTI
'Many banks not giving interest-free loans to sugar mills'
As on September 4, Rs 5,511 crore has been disbursed out of Rs 6,094 crore sanctioned, as per official data.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
'Many banks not giving interest-free loans to sugar mills'
As on September 4, Rs 5,511 crore has been disbursed out of Rs 6,094 crore sanctioned, as per official data.
Post your opinion here
 
Cooperative sugar industry body NFCSF today said many banks are not providing interest-free loans to cash-starved mills for especially clearing cane arrears instead some banks are even charging processing fee. Demanding the government to address the loan disbursal issue, the NFCSF also sought additional-interest free loan, extension of sugar subsidy scheme and import duty hike to 40 percent among others to improve liquidity of millers for paying Rs 6,500 crore arrears to growers at the earliest.
The country is estimated have a carry over stock of 7.6 million tonnes from this year, of which 3 million tonnes can be easily exported. Sugar output is pegged at 25.3 million tonnes for 2014-15, it said. Sharing the problems being faced by cooperative mills at its 55th Annual General Meeting (AGM) here, National Federation of Cooperative Sugar Factories (NFCSF) President Kallappa B Awade said: "The interest subvention at 12 percent is available for factories. However, many banks charge more than 12 percent interest."
"Some banks even charge processing fee on this loan which is not desirable. We request the government to issue suitable guidelines to bankers in this regard," he said at the AGM. Since sugar prices continue to remain low and do not cover the cost of production, Awade also demanded the government to provide additional interest-free loan for mills.
In January, the previous government had announced interest-free loans of Rs 6,600 crore to mills to clear cane arrears. As on September 4, Rs 5,511 crore has been disbursed out of Rs 6,094 crore sanctioned, as per official data. Besides additional interest-free loan, the NFCSF President sought extension of the sugar export subsidy scheme saying that 5.25 lakh tonnes of raw sugar has been exported so far with the support of subsidy, there is still 35 lakh tonnes yet to be exported under the scheme.
"It is therefore, requested that announcement of the incentives for 2014-15 season starting next month may be made well in advance, preferably in September, so that sugar factories can plan their production accordingly," he said. The subsidy scheme will end this month. For August-September, the subsidy has been fixed at Rs 3,371 per tonne.
NFCSF's Awade also demanded the government to further raise the import duty from the existing 25 percent to 40 percent to ensure sugar prices firm up and their profit increase, thereby helping payment of arrears to growers.
He also sought the government to amend the income tax law to ensure cane price paid over and above the fair and remunerative price (FRP) is not taxed by authorities, impose penalty on oil marketing companies for not purchasing ethanol in a timely manner and keep sugar out of mandatory packing in jute bags.
RELATED NEWS

The single  buried statistic that explains Chinas slowdownChina Slowdown
September 15, 2014
After a years-long boom, domestic investment is sucking wind in China. For our money, this statistic is a perfect snapshot of the situation. Cement production growth rates in the People’s Republic have slipped sharply in recent months. In August, cement production was up a scant 3% compared with the prior year. (You’ll notice that the data is pocked by lacunae, due to the lunar holidays early in the year.)
Share
Tap image to zoom
At any rate, the current growth rate of cement production is almost as low as it was when the global financial crisis hit in late 2008. And in this slowdown, it’s not just cement. Overall Chinese industrial production grew by 6.9% year-on-year in August, the weakest growth seen since December 2008 .
At that time, the Chinese government came sprung into action, launching an investment program that caused a surge of cement to pour forth from Chinese factories in 2009. Cement is worth paying special attention to, given how closely linked it is to the intensely overbuild Chinese housing market. Given that the government is letting the flow of cement slow to a trickle, it suggests any government effort to reinvigorate growth ( if there is one at all ) will likely sidestep a sector that already seems hopelessly oversupplied.
Share this:

Sebi renews MCX-SX licence with ridersSebi renews MCX-SX licence with riders
Jayshree P Upadhyay | Mumbai Sep 15, 2014 08:42 PM IST
The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) on Monday renewed MCX stock exchange (MCX-SX) license for a tenure of one year with caveats.
In the release issued late evening the market regulator mandated the encumbered exchange to maintain it's networth as per the provisions of Securities Exchange and Clearing Corporations (SECC).
"The exchange shall build its networth to the level as prescribed in SEBI (SECC) Regulations 2012 within a period of three months from the date of renewal of recognition," said the circular.
As of June the networth of the exchange stood at Rs 121 crore with the conversion of Financial Technologies (FTIL) warrants the networth would have been boosted by another Rs 55-56 crore.
The exchange is currently struggling with low volumes and slipping networth, with the erstwhile promoter, FTIL contesting the extinguishing of the warrants, the exchange has an-uphill task to comply with the regulatory requirement.
The regulator has also stated that MCX-SX will have to ensure that they are in compliance of 'fit & proper' criteria for exchanges. Sebi had declared FTIL as unfit to be in stock exchanges. FTIL is yet to divest its stake.
In the final caveat the markets regulator has stated that SX will need to initiate action on the basis of the forensic audit of the exchange.
Kalyaniwalla & Mistry in the forensic audit had highlighted certain discrepancies in the terms of software contract with FTIL, which was skewed in the favor of the erstwhile promoter.

Israel denounces protesting reservistsDefence minister denounces protesting Israeli military reservists
By John Reed in Jerusalem
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/3e5cbc84-3cb6-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

No existence of Love Jihad in UP: Govt tells HighCourtPress Trust of India | Lucknow | Posted: September 15, 2014 8:46 pm
On Monday the Uttar Pradesh government informed the Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad High Court that that there is no existence of “Love Jihad” in the state.
The submission came during hearing of a PIL, filed by one Pankaj Tiwari, which sought a ban on word “Love Jihad”.
A division bench comprising Justices Imtiyaz Murtaza and Narain Shukla directed the UP government counsel to file reply within two weeks with regard to the PIL.
The Election Commission of India, the UP government, BJP MP Adityanath and Union Minister Kalraj Mishra have been made respondents in the petition.
Petitioner’s counsel C B Pandey contended that through the word “Love Jihad”, a new type of communality was spreading in the state for polarisation of society and, hence, the use of word should be banned.
On behalf of the state government, Additional Advocate eneral Bulbul Godiyal informed the court that there was “no existence of Love Jihad” in UP.
The AAG further said a CB-CID probe was underway against Adityanath.
On AAG’s request, the court provided two weeks’ time to the state to file a counter affidavit.

Urban Outfitters pulls offensive sweatshirtUrban Outfitters pulls offensive sweatshirt
By Ben Rooney   @ben_rooney September 15, 2014: 1:38 PM ET
Urban Outfitters has removed the Kent State sweatshirt from its website.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney)
After coming under fire on social media, Urban Outfitters has apologized for selling a "vintage" Kent State sweatshirt that many found highly offensive.
The $129 sweatshirt has been removed from Urban Outfitters ( URBN )' website. But images of the sweatshirt, which has red spots on it that critics say resemble blood stains, have been widely circulated online.
The edgy youth store issued a statement saying "it was never our intention to allude to the tragic events that took place at Kent State in 1970."
On May 4, 1970, four students were killed and nine others were injured at Kent State University in Ohio after National Guard soldiers opened fire on protesters demonstrating against the Vietnam War.
Kent State University issued a statement denouncing Urban Outfitters for "using our pain for their publicity and profit."
"This item is beyond poor taste and trivializes a loss of life that still hurts the Kent State community today," the statement reads.
Related: Lululemon sued for see-through yoga pants
The sweatshirt was panned on Twitter ( TWTR , Tech30 )as "tasteless," "tacky" and "awful."
The "one-of-a-kind" sweatshirt was sold as part of Urban Outfitters' "sun-faded vintage collection" and was not altered in any way, according to the statement. There is no blood on the garment and Urban Outfitters said the red stains are due to "discoloration," while holes in the sweatshirt are due to "natural wear and fray."
Now, the sweatshirt is for sale on eBay ( EBAY , Tech30 ). The seller is asking $2,500 for the "infamous one of a kind Kent State Sweater." The starting bid was $550 for the sweater, which the seller says is "perfect for Halloween or whatever your deal is."
Related: Abercrombie struggles to bring sexy back
The seller promised to donate half of the proceeds to The Southern Poverty Law Center.
This is not the first time Urban Outfitters, which caters to young consumers who want to seem "hip," has offended the wider public.
Urban Outfitters ( URBN ) has previously come under fire for selling woman's T-Shirts with "Eat Less" and "Depression" printed on it. The Philadelphia-based retailer has also been criticized for a shirt that evoked the stars that Jews were forced to wear during the Holocaust.
First Published: September 15, 2014: 11:20 AM ET
Most Popular

SEBI Amends Clause 49: Quick Highlights!Tweet
Published on Mon, Sep 15,2014 | 20:58, Updated at Tue, Sep 16 at 11:12Source : Moneycontrol.com |   Watch Video :
SEBI’s Clause 49 that lays down governance requirements for listed companies was amended in April this year. The changes were brought in to align the governance norms with those laid out in the Companies Act, 2013 – but in some cases SEBI went beyond and laid down higher thresholds for listed companies. Today SEBI eased some of those thresholds by way of an amendment to its April Circular. CNBC-TV18’s Payaswini Upadhyay reports on the highlights.
First the not so-good news. Since the time SEBI had put out this Circular in April, industry was lobbying hard to have the effective date deferred. That hasn’t happened- Clause 49 will become effective in 15 days from today i.e. October 1st.
SEBI Amends Clause 49!
New Clause 49 to be effective October 1st, 2014
No delay in implementation date
But by all means, this is a much diluted version and industry should find it easier to comply with.
The key changes lie in two buckets- Independent Directors and Related Party Transactions.
Let’s first go over the changes related to Independent Directors. SEBI April Circular said an Independent Director who has already served on a company’s board for 5 years can serve only one more term of 5 years. SEBI has eased this requirement and brought it in line with the Companies Act that gives independent directors 2 terms of 5 years each.
SEBI Amends Clause 49!
Cos Act, 2013: 5years + 5 years + 3 years cooling off
April Circular, SEBI: One more term of 5 years if 5 yrs already served
Amended Circular, SEBI: In line with Cos Act
The second change relates to who can be considered Independent. The April Circular gave a wide meaning to it to say that a person who has or had a pecuniary relationship with the company, its subsidiary, associate, promoters, directors etc will not be considered as independent. SEBI has amended this to say that there should not be any material pecuniary relationship. Curiously, the Companies Act still doesn’t talk about materiality- so the MCA may need to clarify that for companies to benefit from the dilution under amended Clause 49. 
SEBI Amends Clause 49!
Who Is An Independent Director?
April Circular, SEBI: No pecuniary relationship with company. Subsidiary, promoter etc
Amended Circular, SEBI: No material pecuniary relationship…
Cos Act, 2013: No concept of materiality
The third independent director related change is with regards to women directors. Listed companies have now been given time until April 2015 to induct at least one woman director on their Boards
SEBI Amends Clause 49!
April Circular: All listed companies to have 1 Woman Dir effective Oct 1st, 2014
Amended Circular:  All listed companies to have 1 Woman Dir effective Apr 1st, 2015
Let’s come to thechanges on the related party transactions or RPT front.
First is on the definition of RPT- The Companies Act defines related party transactions mostly in connection to directors, relatives and KMP. SEBI extended the definition in its April Circular to include those in control or joint control or having significant influence. That created a lot of confusion among companies who said the concept of control in itself is vague and this would just lead to interpretational issues. SEBI has paid heed to it and has aligned its RPT definition to that under Companies Act and Accounting Standards.
SEBI Amends Clause 49!
Cos Act, 2013: Defined in connection to directors, relatives, KMP
April Circular, SEBI: Extended to those in control/ joint control/having significant influence
Amended Circular: Cos Act + Accounting Standards definition
Two, SEBI has diluted its materiality thresholds for shareholder approval. In its April Circular, SEBI defined material to include transaction exceeding 5% of annual turnover or 25% of networth. SEBI has removed the networth requirement and increased the turnover to 10%. This translates into lesser number of RPTs going to shareholders for approval.
SEBI Amends Clause 49!
April Circular, SEBI: Exceeding 5% of annual turnover OR 25% of networth
Amended Circular: Exceeding 10% of annual turnover
Last RPT related change is with regards to transactions between two government companies or transactions between a holding company and its subsidiary- both have been exempted from the requirement of prior audit committee approval and special shareholder resolution. Here again, the Companies Act is silent on exemption to government companies…so MCA may issue a clarification to this effect soon.
 

BJP to have public discourse on Maharashtra election manifestoSep 15, 2014 at 08:50pm IST
BJP to have public discourse on Maharashtra election manifesto
7
0
Mumbai: BJP will hold Loksamvad (public discourse) across the state, in which prominent party leaders, senior members and MPs would interact with people to know about their 'aspirations and expectations' before preparing the party's manifesto for October 15 Maharashtra Assembly polls.
"The idea behind 'Loksamvad' is to include aspirations and expectations of all strata of society in the BJP election manifesto," Madhav Bhandari, Chief spokesperson of Maharashtra state BJP said on Monday.
The 'Loksamvad' exercise would be carried out all over Maharashtra state on September 20, where important BJP leaders and MPs would interact with various organisations for their development vision for the state, Bhandari said.
Representatives from all walks of life such as various organisations of farmers, teachers, doctors, sportsmen, NGOs and social service groups would discuss their vision of development through the 'Loksamvad' exercise.
#bjp #maharashtra assembly elections 2014 #loksamvad #madhav bhandari
He further said citizens too have been invited to share their suggestions and expectations with the BJP leaders. Representatives from all walks of life such as various organisations of farmers, teachers, doctors, sportsmen, NGOs and social service groups would discuss their vision of development through the 'Loksamvad' exercise.
The party also hopes to have the active participation of various service organisations like Rotary Club, Lions Club, various youth groups, women's organisations, traders and businessmen's organisations and of course, every citizen who has suggestions, to make Maharashtra a leading and prosperous state in the country, Bhandari said.
4

Don t need a noun before my name to air my views  says Tewari as Congress names new spokespersonsBJP to have public discourse on Maharashtra election manifesto
Sep 15, 2014 at  09:10pm IST
Don't need a noun before my name to air my views, says Tewari as Congress names new spokespersons
53
0
New Delhi: A defiant Manish Tewari on Monday hit out at the Congress for virtually putting a gag order against him and Rashid Alvi for speaking "without authorisation". The former information and broadcasting minister said that he didn't need a noun before his name to express his opinions.
"There are certain core convictions I believe in. When they are assaulted, I do not require a noun or an adjective behind my name to intervene in the public discourse. As a party activist, I do not hold myself out as the spokesperson," Tewari said.
Both Tewari and Alvi had reportedly made comments, which were not found in tandem with the party's official line.
#manish tewari #congress #spokesperson #twitter
The Congress, however, in a snub to the two leaders, released a list of new spokespersons. Putting out the list containing the names of five senior spokespersons and 13 spokespersons on Twitter, AICC Communication Department Chairman Ajay Maken said, "Only the spokespersons as in the linked list are authorised to speak on behalf of the party."
"There are 18 spokespersons in the party. It is the request by the Chairman to media that ask them what is the party line...this is not against any specific person," party spokesperson Shakeel Ahmed said.
Asked what should the media do if Rahul Gandhi speaks to them, he said, "Rahul Gandhi is the Vice President and Sonia Gandhi is the President. What they say is the official line and that is what we communicate to you."
To questions about the position of AICC general secretaries as far as talking to media is concerned, Ahmed, who himself holds the post and looks after three states, said they can talk on issues related to their states. He said while they can talk on those issues, "the official line of the party on day to day issues is given by spokespersons".
The new 18 spokespersons

Adarsh case: former CM Nilangekar files intervention pleamore »
Follow us
About Us | Disclaimer | Contact Us | Feedback | Complaint Redressal | Advertise With Us | Latest Videos | Play Online Games | Live Stock Market News | India’s Premier Technology Guide | Privacy Policy | Hindi News | RSS Feeds | Kids education and games site | Firstpost | History India | MTV India
CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2013 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP,
displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of CNN-IBN does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them.
Copyright © 2013 IBNLive.in.com — All rights reserved

IIM Calcutta ranked best B-school in Asia34
0
Kolkata: The premier Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Calcutta has been ranked as the best B-school from Asia in the FT Masters in Management Global Rankings.
It has been recognised at rank 13 of the 2014 Financial Times Master in Management (MiM) ranking leaping by 6 places from 2013, for its flagship post graduate program.
According to the list it is the highest ranked non-European B-school with a prized positioning in the top cluster.
With only six non-European schools in the list of top 70, the other Indian school in the ranking is IIM Ahmedabad on rank 16.
#iim calcutta #iim #iim ahmedabad #b school
With only six non-European schools in the list of top 70, the other Indian school in the ranking is IIM Ahmedabad on rank 16. IIM Calcutta has also been recognised as the best management institute globally for study in economics with the first rank.
"FT Rankings is considered the gold standard in B-School ranking and we are indeed happy and proud to make such progress in a single year. This is a significant milestone in our globalisation journey along with our recent achievements including the AMBA, AACSB accreditations and the CEMS membership," said Professor Ashok Banerjee, dean of IIM's New Initiatives and External Relations.
He said the rankings will help them network more closely with the top European B-schools.
62

Over 2.34 lakh rescued from flood-ravaged J&K so farOver 2.34 lakh rescued from flood-ravaged J&K so far
General insurers can launch new policies on pilot basis: Working groupGeneral insurers can launch new policies on pilot basis: Working group
BHEL to develop 20 Mw solar power plantBHEL to develop 20 Mw solar power plant
Nirmalya Behera | Bhubaneswar Sep 15, 2014 08:20 PM IST
The engineering and manufacturing major, Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) will develop a 20 Mw solar power plant at Manamunda industrial estate in Boudh district.
“A letter of intent has been issued to BHEL which will develop the proposed solar plant. It will also operate and maintain the plant for a period ten years,” said an official of GEDCOL, the nodal agency for implmentation of renewable energy in the state.
BHEL is currently engaged in the design, engineering, manufacture, construction, testing, commissioning and servicing of a wide range of products, systems and services for the core sector companies in the field of power, transmission, transportation, renewable energy, oil and natural gas and defence.
The solar plant at Manamunda will be set up over 100 acres of land entailing an investment of about Rs 150 crore.
Gedcol, a subsidiary of Odisha Hydro Power Corporation (OHPC), had recently floated an engineering, procurement and construction (ECP) tender for finalising the developer. The company aims 100 Mw solar power generation in next three years. Initially, three locations have been identified for development of solar parks- Manmunda industrial estate of Idco, Rengali near the hydel project of OHPC, and Karlapada in Bhawanipatana.
Renewable energy potential in Odisha has been assessed at 11,820 Mw, with solar energy having the highest potential at 10,000 Mw among all green energy sources.
In the solar power generation basket, solar photo-voltaic source has the maximum potential 8,000 Mw followed by solar thermal and wind power at 2,000 Mw and 910 Mw respectively. The state receives an average solar radiation of 5.5 kWh (Kilo watt hour/ sqm) area with around 300 clear sunny days every year.
So far, solar power projects of 13 Mw have been commissioned in the state while new projects with a total capacity of 30 Mw are under various stages of implementation.
Investments to the tune of Rs 2,500 crore are expected to flow to Odisha in the renewable energy sector during the 12th Plan Period (2012-17) as the state targets capacity augmentation of 350 Mw from solar, wind and bio-mass sources in the period.

Morgan Stanley picks up 26.7 lakh Pantaloons...Morgan Stanley picks up 26.7 lakh shares of Pantaloons
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 09.15PM IST
Tags:
Business Partnership
(Pantaloons for the quarter…)
MUMBAI: Foreign fund house Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) today picked up nearly 26.7 lakh shares of clothing retail firm Pantaloons for a little over Rs 32 crore through the open market route.
A total of 26,68,655 shares of Pantaloons were acquired by Morgan Stanley at an average price of Rs 120.18 apiece, according to bulk deal information with the bourses.
In a separate transaction, Macquarie Bank has offloaded 16.12 lakh shares of Pantaloons for about Rs 19.17 crore.
Pantaloons for the quarter ended June 30 reported revenue of Rs 386 crore. At present, there are about 83 Pantaloons stores operational in the country.
In 2012, Aditya Birla Nuvo Ltd had entered into an agreement with the Future Group to infuse Rs 1,600 crore into Pantaloons and had acquired a majority stake in the store chain.
Shares of Pantaloons dipped 2.34 per cent to settle for the day at Rs 121.10 apiece on the BSE.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Ebola: HC orders screening at Pune  Nagpur a...You are here: Home > Collections > Nagpur
High Court orders scanner for Ebola screening at Pune, Nagpur airports
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 09.00PM IST
Tags:
airports
(Advocate Rui Rodrigues,…)
MUMBAI: The Bombay High Court today asked the Centre to immediately provide thermal image scanners at Nagpur and Pune Airports for the screening of passengers from African countries for a possible Ebola infection.
The division bench headed by justice Abhay Oka today adjourned the hearing on public interest litigation filed by former journalist Ketan Tirodkar till September 17. The PIL alleges that India is not fully equipped to prevent the spread of the dreaded epidemic.
Last week HC had asked the state government to provide medical screening facilities at Pune and Nagpur airports, on the lines of such facilities at Mumbai and Delhi.
The Maharashtra government said in an affidavit today that the Centre had not provided scanners for Nagpur and Pune.
The doctors at Pune and Nagpur airports have to rely on digital thermometers to detect the passengers who may have fever, said Shyamsunder Nimgade, assistant director, health services. A written request had already been sent to the Centre in this regard, he added.
The affidavit further said that director of health services had written to Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust in Mumbai and the Mumbai Port Trust to start screening of crew members of vessels coming from Ebola-hit countries.
Advocate Rui Rodrigues, counsel of the Central government, said adequate screening measures were in place at the airports and the ports.
The PIL alleges that several Indians or NRIs in Africa were returning due to the outbreak of Ebola in the continent, but there are no facilities either to detect or treat the epidemic in India.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Gold imports surge to $2.03 billion in AugustYou are here: Home > Collections > Gold
Gold imports surge to $2.03 billion in August
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 09.05PM IST
(However, in July, gold imports…)
NEW DELHI: After registering decline, gold imports surged to $2.03 billion August from $738.7 million in the same month last year.
However, in July, gold imports declined by 26.39 per cent to $1.81 billion. Last time in June, the imports were up after declining for continous seven months.
The high imports have marginally pushed up the country's trade deficit to $10.83 billion in the month under review.
The government had imposed restrictions on inbound shipments of the precious metal to narrow the Current Account Deficit. India's CAD, which is the excess of foreign exchange outflows over inflows, touched a historic high of 4.8 per cent of GDP in 2012-13, mainly due to rising imports of petroleum products and gold.
However, it narrowed sharply to 1.7 per cent of GDP in the April-June quarter of this fiscal due to decline in gold imports.
The government had increased customs duty on gold to 10 per cent and banned import of gold coins and medallions, while the RBI linked imports of the metal to exports.
India is the largest importer of gold, which is mainly utilised to meet the demand of the jewellery industry.
The Commerce and Industry Ministry is pitching for easing of the gold import restrictions to boost gems and jewellery exports, which declined by 10.31 per cent in August to $3.23 billion.
FEATURED ARTICLES

CCI clears Zuari s open offer for MCFL shareholdersSep 15, 2014, 09.37 PM IST  | Source: PTI
CCI clears Zuari's open offer for MCFL shareholders
Zuari entities' Rs 211-crore offer for 26 per cent stake in MCFL is supported by the existing promoters and would be "a competing open offer" to Deepak Fertilizers' offer. Giving its green signal, the Commission said the "proposed combination is not likely to have appreciable adverse effect on competition in India".
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CCI clears Zuari's open offer for MCFL shareholders
Zuari entities' Rs 211-crore offer for 26 per cent stake in MCFL is supported by the existing promoters and would be "a competing open offer" to Deepak Fertilizers' offer. Giving its green signal, the Commission said the "proposed combination is not likely to have appreciable adverse effect on competition in India".
Post your opinion here
 
Paving the way for competing open offers for Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers ' shareholders, fair trade watchdog CCI has cleared Zuari 's proposal to buy additional 26 per cent stake in the Vijay Mallya group firm. Deepak Fertilizers , which is also in the fray to snap up stake in Mangalore Chemicals and Fertilizers Ltd (MCFL), last month received the green signal from the Competition Commission of India for its Rs 190-crore open offer.
Zuari entities' Rs 211-crore offer for 26 per cent stake in MCFL is supported by the existing promoters and would be "a competing open offer" to Deepak Fertilizers' offer. Giving its green signal, the Commission said the "proposed combination is not likely to have appreciable adverse effect on competition in India".
Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals is currently setting up a Single Super Phosphate plant in Maharashtra and does not yet manufacture or trade in any fertiliser products. The entity is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Zuari Agro Chemicals, which is  into manufacture and trading of fertilisers.
The public announcement for the open offer was announced on May 12.
Citing information provided by the acquirers, the Commission said that the "parties have overlaps in the fertilisers, pesticides and chemicals and organic products". "However, it is observed that the overlap in pesticides, chemicals and organic products is minimal," CCI said in its order dated September 4 and made public today.
Capital market regulator Sebi, which had given its go-ahead to the proposed stake purchase by Deepak Fertilizers and Zuari Group in MCFL, had also ruled that their respective open offers can commence only after CCI nod.
Either of the two open offers can start only within 12 working days from receiving CCI approval for the second deal. According to the Commission, it is observed that apart from a few fertilisers which Zuari entities manufacture, they are largely involved in trading of fertilisers.
"Further, the composite market shares of the parties in primary nutrients, as well as in overlapping straight and complex fertilisers such as urea (straight nitrogenous fertiliser), MOP (straight potassic fertiliser), SSP (straight phosphatic fertiliser) and NPK (complex fertiliser), except for in Calcium Nitrate, are not substantial.
"Also the incremental change in the market share is minimal in most cases. With respect to most of the remaining overlapping fertiliser products, including Calcium Nitrate, the parties' presence is only through trading," it noted.
In May, UB Group joined hands with the Zuari to ward off a hostile takeover bid by Deepak Fertilizers for MCFL. The watchdog also said most of these overlapping products also fall under the OGL, and therefore, any person with requisite approvals can import them into India.
Noting that there are significant competitors in the market, the Commission mentioned names such as Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative Ltd, National Fertilisers Ltd, Fertilizers & Chemicals Travancore Ltd, Coromandel International Ltd, DCM Shriram Consolidated Ltd, Nagarjuna Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd, Deepak Fertilizers and Petrochemicals Corporation Ltd.
The notice seeking approval for the proposed deal was submitted to the Commission on June 11. In June, Zuari Fertilisers and Chemicals and Zuari Agro Chemicals had entered into a pact with UB group comprising of United Breweries (Holdings) Ltd, Kingfisher Finvest India Ltd and McDowell Holdings Ltd.
The battle for MCFL between Deepak Fertilizers and Zuari Group was triggered in April 2013 when the latter bought about 10 per cent stake in Vijay Mallya firm through open market. Later, Deepak Fertilizers acquired 24.46 per cent stake in MCFL in July 2013. Then, Zuari group increased its stake to 16.43 per cent in the same month.
Earlier this year, Deepak Fertilizers further hiked its shareholding in MCFL to 25.31 per cent -- thereby triggering the mandatory open offer clause under  Sebi norms. Since Saroj Poddar-led Zuari group along with UB Group is looking to purchase 26 per cent in MCFL, they have to make an open offer under Sebi rules.
RELATED NEWS

CCI approves 10.16% stake buy in Intas by TemasekSep 15, 2014, 09.18 PM IST  | Source: PTI
CCI approves 10.16% stake buy in Intas by Temasek
Under the proposed deal, Dunearn Investments (Mauritius) Pte. Ltd -- a indirect subsidiary of Temasek -- would acquire the stake from Mozart Ltd -- a wholly owned subsidiary of ChrysCapital III LLC.
Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3
CCI approves 10.16% stake buy in Intas by Temasek
Under the proposed deal, Dunearn Investments (Mauritius) Pte. Ltd -- a indirect subsidiary of Temasek -- would acquire the stake from Mozart Ltd -- a wholly owned subsidiary of ChrysCapital III LLC.
Post your opinion here
 
Fair trade regulator CCI has cleared Singapore government investment arm Temasek Holding's proposed acquisition of 10.16 per cent stake in Indian firm Intas Pharmaceuticals, saying the deal will not raise anti-competition concerns.
Under the proposed deal, Dunearn Investments (Mauritius) Pte. Ltd -- a indirect subsidiary of Temasek -- would acquire the stake from Mozart Ltd -- a wholly owned subsidiary of ChrysCapital III LLC.
In an order released today, the Competition Commission of India (CCI) said "that the proposed combination is not likely to have an appreciable adverse effort on competition in India". The Commission said that "there are no horizontal overlaps between the products and services of Intas and the rest of the Temasek group".
"...Temasek has some minority investment in the companies engaged in the pharmaceutical and health sector in India including Medreich Ltd, a pharmaceutical company in India," CCI said.
Among others, CCI said that "in respect of the overlapping products of Intas and Medreich Ltd, the combined market share is of minimal nature". "Further, as stated in the notice neither Temasek nor any of its subsidiaries, associates or joint ventures has any significant vertical linkage with any of the business activities of Intas or its subsidiaries in India," CCI added. Intas, incorporated in India, is a vertically integrated pharmaceutical company with global operations.
RELATED NEWS

British PM Urges Scottish Voters to Remain Part of UKSPECIAL LIVE COVERAGE FROM ABC NEWS
EXPLORE.org - Puppy Litter Camera
RADAR - Heavy Lake Effect Snow in Great Lakes...
WARNING: VIEWER DISCRETION ADVISED DURING LIVE STREAMING COVERAGE
LIVE Coverage Calendar

Watch Live: Cameron Speaks Ahead of Scotland Referendumwatch live: cameron speaks ahead of scotland referendum
Nightmare in Paradise: Powerful Hurricane Slams Celebrity Resortnightmare in paradise: powerful hurricane slams celebrity resort
Universal health cover: Insurers want rich t...Insurers want rich to pay more for universal health cover
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 08.54PM IST
Tags:
Health cover
(Experts also said premium…)
MUMBAI: Insurers and other health insurance industry stakeholders feel that the proposed universal health cover (UHC) must be underwritten in a variable way, so that the rich pay higher premium to help fully subsidise health insurance cover for the really poor.
"Personally, I feel that the government should pay full premium for health cover for the below poverty line (BPL) segment and it should be subsidised for the middle class.
"However, the rich must be asked to pay the full premium for getting health insurance cover," New India Assurance Chairman-cum-Managing Director G Srinivasan told PTI here today.
The idea is that people may freely go for add-on or top-up health insurance cover on their own.
"It's the basic model of universal health cover that we are working on. Health cover will be the same for all people because as an insurer, we don't differentiate between people, Srinivasan said.
The fact that only 20 per cent of people have health cover, out of India's 124 crore population, makes it clear that India is a hugely underpenetrated market when it comes to health cover.
Individual health cover is only 2 per cent, while 4 per cent have group cover and another 14 per cent are covered under various central and state schemes like the central government's Rashtriya Swasthya Bima Yojana.
A leading doctor at the renowned Sir Gangaram Hospital in the national capital also agreed with the largest general insurer.
"If somebody is poor, then the government must pay the full premium. However, the premium can be raised if the person covered is rich. It could be brought down a bit for the middle class," Sir Gangaram Hospital Chairman and Head of Surgical Gastroenterology and Lliver Transplant Saumitra Rawat said.
Experts also said premium amount may be brought down in case policies are underwritten on a large scale, thus enabling economies of scale for insurance providers.
"Cost of underwriting a health insurance policy will become affordable if the volume goes up," ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company Chief for Underwriting and Claims Sanjay Datta said.
The government should provide basic coverage for all diseases and some higher coverage for critical illnesses like cancer and heart diseases, though all secondary and tertiary diseases must be covered by insurance providers themselves, he said.
Insurers also said that universal health cover would address the issue of under-penetration of insurance to a great extent and its scope could be enlarged by forming a pool to cover serious diseases like cancer.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Smaller names lose ground on disappointing outlooksDow, S&P 500 end at records after U.S. data, Intel outlook
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Tech shares gave the market its biggest lift, along with energy. Boosting all three major indexes, Intel shares jumped 4.7 percent to $35.95, hitting their highest level since January 2002, after its 2015 revenue outlook was above Wall Street's expectations and the company raised its dividend.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
The S&P technology index rose 0.6 percent, while the energy index gained 1.1 percent.
Further supporting stocks, data showed factory activity in the U.S. mid-Atlantic region grew at its fastest pace in two decades, U.S. home resales jumped to their highest in more than a year in October, and a gauge of future U.S. economic activity gained.
Growth in the economy and earnings should bode well for stocks heading into next year, said Margaret Patel, senior portfolio manager at Wells Capital Management.
"Next year will be a reasonable to maybe a surprisingly good year," she said. "(There is) no reason in the world why we can't see P/Es expand." Patel said stocks could rise by a mid single-digit to high-teens percentage next year.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 33.27 points, or 0.19 percent, to 17,719, a record close. The S&P 500 gained 4.03 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,052.75, its 44th record high this year.
The Nasdaq Composite added 26.16 points, or 0.56 percent, to 4,701.87.
The Philadelphia Fed area "isn't a hub of industrial activity anymore but it's still important and it's strong," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group.
The upbeat U.S. data offset weakness overseas, including euro zone business growth that was slower than expected this month.
Best Buy added 7 percent to $38.02, among the S&P's largest percentage gainers, after better-than-expected profit.
Among the top Nasdaq decliners was Keurig Green Mountain, down 7.4 percent at $142.50, a day after it forecast fiscal first-quarter profit below analysts' estimates.
After the bell, Gap shares fell 4.9 percent to $38.19 following its results. Gap shares ended the regular session up 1.5 percent.
About 5.7 billion shares traded on U.S. exchanges, compared below 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 2,013 to 1,025, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,824 issues rose and 893 fell for a 2.04-to-1 ratio.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)

Smaller names lose ground on disappointing outlooksDow, S&P 500 end at records after U.S. data, Intel outlook
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Tech shares gave the market its biggest lift, along with energy. Boosting all three major indexes, Intel shares jumped 4.7 percent to $35.95, hitting their highest level since January 2002, after its 2015 revenue outlook was above Wall Street's expectations and the company raised its dividend.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
The S&P technology index rose 0.6 percent, while the energy index gained 1.1 percent.
Further supporting stocks, data showed factory activity in the U.S. mid-Atlantic region grew at its fastest pace in two decades, U.S. home resales jumped to their highest in more than a year in October, and a gauge of future U.S. economic activity gained.
Growth in the economy and earnings should bode well for stocks heading into next year, said Margaret Patel, senior portfolio manager at Wells Capital Management.
"Next year will be a reasonable to maybe a surprisingly good year," she said. "(There is) no reason in the world why we can't see P/Es expand." Patel said stocks could rise by a mid single-digit to high-teens percentage next year.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 33.27 points, or 0.19 percent, to 17,719, a record close. The S&P 500 gained 4.03 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,052.75, its 44th record high this year.
The Nasdaq Composite added 26.16 points, or 0.56 percent, to 4,701.87.
The Philadelphia Fed area "isn't a hub of industrial activity anymore but it's still important and it's strong," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group.
The upbeat U.S. data offset weakness overseas, including euro zone business growth that was slower than expected this month.
Best Buy added 7 percent to $38.02, among the S&P's largest percentage gainers, after better-than-expected profit.
Among the top Nasdaq decliners was Keurig Green Mountain, down 7.4 percent at $142.50, a day after it forecast fiscal first-quarter profit below analysts' estimates.
After the bell, Gap shares fell 4.9 percent to $38.19 following its results. Gap shares ended the regular session up 1.5 percent.
About 5.7 billion shares traded on U.S. exchanges, compared below 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 2,013 to 1,025, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,824 issues rose and 893 fell for a 2.04-to-1 ratio.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)

CCI clears Kotak 15% stake buy in MCXCCI clears Kotak 15% stake buy in MCX
CCI clears Kotak 15% stake buy in MCXCCI clears Kotak 15% stake buy in MCX
Rajan chides state-run banks for engaging middlemen for loansRajan chides state-run banks for engaging middlemen for loans
Rajan chides state-run banks for engaging middlemen for loansRajan chides state-run banks for engaging middlemen for loans
Board of Credit Analysis and Research declares special dividendBoard of Credit Analysis and Research declares special dividend
Board of Credit Analysis and Research declares special dividendBoard of Credit Analysis and Research declares special dividend
Wipro arm inks pact with Saudi Electricity CompanyWipro arm inks pact with Saudi Electricity Company
Wipro arm inks pact with Saudi Electricity CompanyWipro arm inks pact with Saudi Electricity Company
Paramount Cosmetics (India) to hold AGMParamount Cosmetics (India) to hold AGM
Paramount Cosmetics (India) to hold AGMParamount Cosmetics (India) to hold AGM
Ratings shopping makes US comeback‘Ratings shopping’ makes a comeback in the US
By Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/852a0672-3904-11e4-9cce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Ratings shopping makes US comeback‘Ratings shopping’ makes a comeback in the US
By Tracy Alloway in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/852a0672-3904-11e4-9cce-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gilead signs deal with India drugmakersGilead in deal with India labs to produce Sovaldi
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi and Andrew Ward in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/328605ce-3cd8-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gilead signs deal with India drugmakersGilead in deal with India labs to produce Sovaldi
By Amy Kazmin in New Delhi and Andrew Ward in London
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/328605ce-3cd8-11e4-9733-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Block 37 will offer free pop-up space to winner of contest2
Block 37, which occupies one block on State Street between Washington and Randolph, seems as if it might be turning a corner after a notoriously shaky start and high vacancy rates on its upper three floors. In April, chef and restaurateur Richard Sandoval plans to open a 28,000-square-foot Latin-themed food court called Latinicity on the mall's third floor, said Denver-based Richard Sandoval Restaurants. The mall is still in talks with AMC Theatres to sign a lease for a movie theater on the empty fourth floor.
Still, two years after Los Angeles-based CIM Group bought the property after it fell into foreclosure, Block 37 is only about 36.4 percent leased, according to real estate data provider CoStar Group.
Representatives from Block 37 and CIM Group were not made available for comment.
The application period for the pop-up contest runs through Oct. 1, after which representatives from Block 37, CIM and "trusted advisers" will select the top five or six contestants, a Block 37 media representative said. Those finalists will compete in a social media vote, and the judges will take that result into account to determine the winner, which will be announced Oct. 20. Contestants will be evaluated on product, timeliness, ability to sustain space, customer demand and more.
The purpose of the contest is to attract holiday shoppers with a new concept, to give startups a chance to test a bricks-and-mortar space during peak shopping season, and to learn what brands and stores interest fans on social media, the representative said. Contest details are at block37.com/info/nextgreatpopup .
Tiffany Roshanian, store manager at Bucketfeet's Block 37 store, said she has been impressed and heartened by what she views as Block 37's commitment to local businesses and the design community.
"I think it's cool for us to be approached by a place that wants to stay true to its hometown," Roshanian said. "They're trying to make it so that it's not your average mall."

Block 37 will offer free pop-up space to winner of contest2
Block 37, which occupies one block on State Street between Washington and Randolph, seems as if it might be turning a corner after a notoriously shaky start and high vacancy rates on its upper three floors. In April, chef and restaurateur Richard Sandoval plans to open a 28,000-square-foot Latin-themed food court called Latinicity on the mall's third floor, said Denver-based Richard Sandoval Restaurants. The mall is still in talks with AMC Theatres to sign a lease for a movie theater on the empty fourth floor.
Still, two years after Los Angeles-based CIM Group bought the property after it fell into foreclosure, Block 37 is only about 36.4 percent leased, according to real estate data provider CoStar Group.
Representatives from Block 37 and CIM Group were not made available for comment.
The application period for the pop-up contest runs through Oct. 1, after which representatives from Block 37, CIM and "trusted advisers" will select the top five or six contestants, a Block 37 media representative said. Those finalists will compete in a social media vote, and the judges will take that result into account to determine the winner, which will be announced Oct. 20. Contestants will be evaluated on product, timeliness, ability to sustain space, customer demand and more.
The purpose of the contest is to attract holiday shoppers with a new concept, to give startups a chance to test a bricks-and-mortar space during peak shopping season, and to learn what brands and stores interest fans on social media, the representative said. Contest details are at block37.com/info/nextgreatpopup .
Tiffany Roshanian, store manager at Bucketfeet's Block 37 store, said she has been impressed and heartened by what she views as Block 37's commitment to local businesses and the design community.
"I think it's cool for us to be approached by a place that wants to stay true to its hometown," Roshanian said. "They're trying to make it so that it's not your average mall."

Should you use the Apple Watch in your carShould you use the Apple Watch in your car?
Apple Watch
Can the Apple Watch make a good replacement for navigation systems in cars?
Is Apple Watch any safer than navigation and touch screens in new cars?
Apple just took the wraps off its new iPhone 6, which ships on Sept. 19 for a contract-tethered starting price of $199. Along with the phone came a new — and much-anticipated — device from the Cupertino, Calif., company: the Apple Watch. Apple's first foray into the field of wearable devices, which are multiplying like digital rabbits , the Apple Watch heralds new ways to do a lot of old things: text messages, checking the weather and social media, but it also has maps and turn-by-turn directions built in. It will start at $349 and be available in early 2015.
8
Because you don't have to fish a smartwatch out of your pocket or purse, the Apple Watch has the potential to be used even more often by drivers, especially on short trips. While we're learning to store smartphones and forget them, it may be hard to quell the urge to check a text that's right there on your wrist.
Equally critical on the app side is the need to create a usability benefit. Just because an app occupies an 8-inch dashboard screen instead of your 5.5-inch iPhone or an even-smaller Apple Watch, that doesn't necessarily make the app better from a usability standpoint.
The Apple Watch, like any smartwatch, seems more like a notification device than something you'd actually want to stare at and would be a poor replacement for today's more advanced multimedia systems in new cars. However, owners of older cars might use these devices more.
Using the Apple Watch for navigation and turn-by-turn directions is a great idea ... if you're walking. But the small screen and moving your arm away from the wheel to look at the map make it a hard sell for drivers. Even prompts to turn using vibrations as well as visual cues seem less useful for drivers.
The device has some nifty tricks that would aid any driver. Among them are contextual text replies, which means if someone texts you a question with multiple-choice answers (like which of two movies you want to go see) the watch prepopulates the answers so you can tap one. By contrast, many preprogrammed text responses in automotive multimedia systems adhere to a rigid set of answers; this blows them into the Stone Age.
Siri Eyes Free and Apple CarPlay enable free-form speech-to-text dictation , but the Apple Watch has potential to simplify things even more. Unfortunately, it's another eyes-off-the-road distraction. Will in-car speech-to-text integration adopt contextual response like the Apple Watch? Stay tuned.
Some automakers have already boarded the smartwatch bandwagon. BMW will reportedly have an Apple Watch app that shows charge levels and other basic information for the i3 or i8. It's not BMW's first foray into wearables; the automaker launched an i3 app for the Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch earlier this year.
What about driver distraction? Consumer Reports notes that several states are considering bans on Google Glass and other wearable devices. Federal regulators have clamped down on smartphone usage while driving, but the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration already has its hands full with automakers. Citing that some 17 percent of all crashes in 2010 involved driver distraction, NHTSA issued recommendations in 2013 for how drivers could interact with dashboard multimedia screens, as well as how much information unrelated to driving such screens should display.
Devices like the Apple Watch pave new avenues of connectivity, but the driver's seat should remain all about driving.
Just as there is airplane mode to disable some functions of a phone, why not have driving mode, to disable all apps but those acceptable during driving, like navigation apps? Seems like a no-brainer to me.
lildebweb

Should you use the Apple Watch in your carShould you use the Apple Watch in your car?
Apple Watch
Can the Apple Watch make a good replacement for navigation systems in cars?
Is Apple Watch any safer than navigation and touch screens in new cars?
Apple just took the wraps off its new iPhone 6, which ships on Sept. 19 for a contract-tethered starting price of $199. Along with the phone came a new — and much-anticipated — device from the Cupertino, Calif., company: the Apple Watch. Apple's first foray into the field of wearable devices, which are multiplying like digital rabbits , the Apple Watch heralds new ways to do a lot of old things: text messages, checking the weather and social media, but it also has maps and turn-by-turn directions built in. It will start at $349 and be available in early 2015.
8
Because you don't have to fish a smartwatch out of your pocket or purse, the Apple Watch has the potential to be used even more often by drivers, especially on short trips. While we're learning to store smartphones and forget them, it may be hard to quell the urge to check a text that's right there on your wrist.
Equally critical on the app side is the need to create a usability benefit. Just because an app occupies an 8-inch dashboard screen instead of your 5.5-inch iPhone or an even-smaller Apple Watch, that doesn't necessarily make the app better from a usability standpoint.
The Apple Watch, like any smartwatch, seems more like a notification device than something you'd actually want to stare at and would be a poor replacement for today's more advanced multimedia systems in new cars. However, owners of older cars might use these devices more.
Using the Apple Watch for navigation and turn-by-turn directions is a great idea ... if you're walking. But the small screen and moving your arm away from the wheel to look at the map make it a hard sell for drivers. Even prompts to turn using vibrations as well as visual cues seem less useful for drivers.
The device has some nifty tricks that would aid any driver. Among them are contextual text replies, which means if someone texts you a question with multiple-choice answers (like which of two movies you want to go see) the watch prepopulates the answers so you can tap one. By contrast, many preprogrammed text responses in automotive multimedia systems adhere to a rigid set of answers; this blows them into the Stone Age.
Siri Eyes Free and Apple CarPlay enable free-form speech-to-text dictation , but the Apple Watch has potential to simplify things even more. Unfortunately, it's another eyes-off-the-road distraction. Will in-car speech-to-text integration adopt contextual response like the Apple Watch? Stay tuned.
Some automakers have already boarded the smartwatch bandwagon. BMW will reportedly have an Apple Watch app that shows charge levels and other basic information for the i3 or i8. It's not BMW's first foray into wearables; the automaker launched an i3 app for the Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch earlier this year.
What about driver distraction? Consumer Reports notes that several states are considering bans on Google Glass and other wearable devices. Federal regulators have clamped down on smartphone usage while driving, but the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration already has its hands full with automakers. Citing that some 17 percent of all crashes in 2010 involved driver distraction, NHTSA issued recommendations in 2013 for how drivers could interact with dashboard multimedia screens, as well as how much information unrelated to driving such screens should display.
Devices like the Apple Watch pave new avenues of connectivity, but the driver's seat should remain all about driving.
Just as there is airplane mode to disable some functions of a phone, why not have driving mode, to disable all apps but those acceptable during driving, like navigation apps? Seems like a no-brainer to me.
lildebweb

Why people fall for dumb Internet hoaxesBy Cabell Gathman, The Daily Dot September 12
(Facebook)
Last month brought a great deal of fanfare, and accompanying snarky outrage, about a new “Satire” tag on Facebook for content sources like The Onion. Yet fake “news” items — which run deeper than satire — continue to propagate rapidly across the site, as well as on other social media platforms, such as Twitter. In the past few days, huge numbers of Facebook users saw — and shared — a hoax about severe winter weather from Empire News, predicting “record-shattering snowfall coming soon.” Meanwhile, retweets of a “limited edition” Pumpkin Spice-flavored Durex condom image flooded Twitter timelines .
Most media coverage has approached this kind of rapid viral proliferation of fake content as a problem of consumer intelligence, an account both inflammatory and ableist. Furthermore, it ignores how news and social media, and social interaction itself, actually work. Cries for better media literacy aren’t wrong, but if we want to really push back against hoaxes and other misinformation online, we need to understand why they spread – and how we can stop spreading them.
1. People don’t actually read the content they’re sharing.
Both the Empire News winter forecast and the Durex Pumpkin Spice condom were easily falsifiable, but they benefited from a general tendency among social media users to share without reading, let alone verifying. The subtitle of the Empire News article, “Bread & Milk Prices Expected to Soar,” hinted broadly at fake content — but it’s not visible on the link as shared on Facebook’s newsfeed, which displays only the unremarkably clickbaity headline. Skimming over the subtitle, but reading the article, as I did, one might become suspicious after the fourth or fifth mention of soaring bread and milk values.
A quick comparison of the Durex condom packet with Google images of other flavored Durex condoms shows that it’s clearly the odd one out. No other wrapper features a graphic, identifying flavor by color alone.
You need to read carefully to contextualize the headline, which even on “real” news sites is often only peripherally related to content.
2. People don’t consider the legitimacy of specific news sources.
This is where Facebook’s attempt at tagging content as “Satire” is meant to provide a shortcut. New hoax sites spring up all the time, however, and it’s hard to keep track. A better approach would be to tag particular sites as “trusted,” and consider any site not so tagged as in need of verification. For the individual user, a quick search for “Empire News” turns up the “Betty White Dyes Peacefully at Home” headline that also recently circulated on social media. A site that generates few hits at all, of course, is also suspect.
On a related note, we need to pay attention to “experts” or “official” sources cited within content. The Empire News weather hoax cites numerous people and organizations that, when Googled, turn out not to exist. That’s what we call a red flag. Even “legitimate” news sources, however, may summarize experts’ claims in spurious or misleading ways.
If there’s any question, use Google and more specialized sites, such as the National Institute of Health’s PubMed to assess credibility.
3. People are vulnerable to confirmation bias.
I was instantly skeptical of the winter weather hoax. I didn’t doubt its claims because I recognized or bothered to Google the domain or even, I have to admit, because I am a social media genius. I doubted it because it didn’t align with my personal biases or desires: I don’t trust long-term weather forecasting, and I hate the cold. The person on my News Feed who posted it, however, loves cold and snow – they were primed to trust a headline that confirmed their previously held beliefs and desires.
Social media have only exacerbated the general psychological tendency toward confirmation bias. This becomes especially self-perpetuating on Facebook, where previous interaction with certain topics, or particular friends, drives up representation of that subject and those people on the News Feed. Combined with our innate desire to think the worst of “the public,” it’s not surprising that people were so quick to believe that a major condom manufacturer had joined the Cult of Pumpkin Spice .
When you see a headline that perfectly supports your buddy’s ideology, or even worse, your own, you should be more skeptical of its claims and slower to hit “share.”
4. People infer legitimacy from “related content.”
Of the three “Related Articles” that appear for the winter weather hoax, one is a legitimate Accuweather page about last year’s polar vortex . Another is a Farmers’ Almanac page, which Facebook does not mark as potentially untrustworthy although the Farmers’ Almanac has never performed better than random chance .
“Related” can mean a lot of things: posted by the same people (your famously unreliable human friends), on the same topic (winter, weather, and flavored condoms are Real Things), or on the same site (a somewhat better indicator).
Don’t assume that Related Articles mean much about the legitimacy of the current piece.
5. People see a piece of content as more legitimate the more they see of it.
This is where those people who think we fall for online hoaxes because we’re not smart really ignore how human psychology works. On a fundamental level, people are inclined to believe that groups are accurate in their assessments of objective reality.
We believe this so hard, in fact, that many of us doubt our physical senses if other people’s claims contradict them. Social psychologist Solomon Asch initially demonstrated this with the seemingly neutral subject of line length, surrounding research subjects with unknown (though socially similar) others. Imagine how much stronger the effect is when moral or intellectual judgment and your friends and co-workers are involved.
This effect is even further exacerbated on Facebook, where developing social norms may increasingly prohibit explicit disagreement. As we saw last month following the murder of Michael Brown in Ferguson, while Facebook has a vested interest in hiding controversial content, there is also a tendency among many users to self-censor on the site , even more so than people do in face-to-face social environments.
If everybody’s sharing it, channel your inner After School Special and proceed with caution.
6. People confuse satire and hoax.
Speaking up about hoaxes on social media is tricky; people don’t generally like being publicly exposed as wrong. When people attempt to save face by dismissing hoaxes they have shared as “satire,” insinuating that challengers are humorless, the concept of “satire” is being abused.
Satire is meant to expose its subject as wrong: evil, ridiculous, or contradictory. False information presented and consumed as fact spectacularly fails as satire, because it doesn’t expose anything. Pumpkin spice condoms are funny – and not heavily cloaked in a pretense of respectability. Sites such as Empire News, however, are fundamentally about getting clicks. Lying for profit is neither novel nor inherently artistic.
If a piece of false content is virtually indistinguishable from the kind of content it supposedly “satirizes,” it isn’t satire. If it’s only “funny” because it’s a lie, don’t share it.
This article originally appeared on The Daily Dot . More from The Daily Dot you might like:

Cabell Gathman and The Daily Dotcabell gathman and the daily dot
F/A-18 fighter jets collided near Navy aircraft carrierBy Dan Lamothe September 12 Follow @danlamothe
An F/A-18C Hornet takes off from an aircraft carrier in the Pacific Ocean. Two Hornets collided near the USS Carl Vinson, an aircraft carrier, over the Pacific Ocean on Friday, Sept. 12, Navy officials said. (U.S. Navy photo)
Two Navy F/A-18C Hornet jets that crashed into the Pacific Ocean early Friday did so after colliding within view of a Navy aircraft carrier while returning to it, according to an incident report cited by Navy Times.
The crash was first reported by Navy officials early Friday. The carrier was about 287 miles west of Wake Island, Navy officials said . One pilot was recovered in fair condition, but Navy personnel were still searching for a second aviator using helicopters and other means.
An MH-60S Sea Hawk helicopter lands on the flight deck of the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson (CVN 70) during search and rescue operations for the pilot of one of two F/A-18 Hornets which crashed earlier in the day while operating from the ship. The other pilot was located and returned to Carl Vinson for medical care. The Carl Vinson Carrier Strike Group is on deployment to the U.S. 7th Fleet area of responsibility supporting security and stability in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class John Philip Wagner, Jr.)
The crew on the ship’s flight deck reported seeing the collision and pieces of the planes soaring through the air, Navy Times reported. The planes routinely lane one-by-one after flying in formation.
The F/A-18C is a single-seat version of the Hornet, and used as both a fighter jet and attack aircraft to drop ordnance on ground targets. Larger versions of the plane carry two personnel.
Dan Lamothe covers national security for The Washington Post and anchors its military blog, Checkpoint.

Los Angeles Issues  Heat Alert  As Temperatures SoarLos Angeles Issues 'Heat Alert' As Temperatures Soar
Reuters
reddit
By Dan Whitcomb
LOS ANGELES, Sept 12 (Reuters) - Los Angeles health  officials on Friday issued a special "heat alert" for this  weekend, urging residents to take special precautions with  temperatures expected to soar into triple digits across the  region.
With California already baking under a record drought that  has brought acute water shortages, forecasts called for  temperatures to reach more than 100 degrees in downtown Los  Angeles and even higher in some surrounding communities.
"Extreme heat such as this is not just an inconvenience, it  can be dangerous and even deadly, but we can protect ourselves,  our families and our neighbors if we take steps to remain cool  and hydrated," Dr. Jeffrey Gunzenhauser, the city's interim  health director, said in issuing the heat alert.
Gunzenhauser said some 60 "cooling centers" would be open at  libraries, recreation centers and other community buildings  throughout the weekend, offering shelter to residents suffering  from what is predicted to be sweltering heat.
He cautioned residents that small children, the elderly and  pets should not be left alone in homes or vehicles with no air  conditioning and said schools should take precautions during  sporting events.
"When temperatures are high, even a few hours of exertion  may cause severe dehydration, heat cramps, heat exhaustion, and  heat stroke," Gunzenhauser said.
"Others who are frail or have chronic health conditions may  develop serious health problems leading to death if they are  exposed to high temperatures over several days," he said.
California is in its third year of a devastating drought  that has forced farmers to leave fields unplanted and left  communities reliant on well water with little to drink.
Mandatory conservation measures forbid actions such as  letting sprinklers drench driveways and concrete walkways while  watering the lawn, using a hose without a shut-off valve to wash  a car and using drinkable water in fountains that do not  recirculate it.
Some communities have banned residents from filling their  swimming pools, and in Southern California, residents have  removed 2.5 million square feet of turf from their front and  back yards, replacing water-thirsty grass with drought tolerant  plants and other landscaping.     (Reporting by Dan Whitcomb; Editing by Susan Heavey)
Also on HuffPost:

iPhone 6 Plus shipments delayed by a monthSoham Chatterjee and Sam Adams        Last Updated: September 13, 2014  | 13:02 IST
Customers may have to wait three to four weeks to get their hands on Apple Inc's iPhone 6 Plus, after a record number of orders for the company's latest smartphones strained available supply.
The new iPhone 6 goes on sale on September 19 in the United States but the company began taking online orders on Thursday. While the larger 5.5-inch "Plus" models now display a wait time of up to a month, the 4.7-inch version remains available for delivery on September 19, Apple's website showed.
Verizon Wireless, AT&T and Sprint Corp, also showed shipment delays of up to six weeks on their respective websites. Apple said the pace of orders has so far outstripped any of its previous iPhones.
"Response to iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus has been incredible, with a record number of pre-orders overnight. Pre-orders are currently available online or through the Apple Store App," spokeswoman Trudy Muller said.
Apple routinely grapples with iPhone supply constraints, particularly in years that involve a smartphone re-design. The latest iPhones come with larger screens and some analysts had anticipated that production issues may keep a lid on initial runs.
Its suppliers had scrambled to get enough screens ready because the need to redesign a key component had disrupted panel production, supply chain sources told Reuters last month.
It was unclear whether the hiccup could limit the number of phones available to consumers, the sources said at the time. Apple declined to comment on supply chain issues.
In addition, Chinese customers may also have to wait until the year-end before they can buy the iPhone 6. Apple is yet to set a release date for China, the world's biggest smartphone market.
The company unveiled its latest iPhones along with a watch and a mobile payments service on Tuesday.
AT&T's chief executive of mobile and business, Ralph de la Vega, told investors at a conference in New York that iPhone 6 orders have so far surpassed orders last year and the year before.
"It is such a great thing to wake up in the morning to know that you have hundreds of thousands of orders already before you even have a cup of coffee," said the executive.
Apple's iPhones tend to incite the kind of initial buying frenzy unknown to many other brands, partly because of the company's well-honed marketing tactics.
On secondary markets online, the rights to a pre-ordered iPhone 6 Plus are worth as much as double the unsubsidized sticker price. One eBay auction for an unlocked 128-gigabyte gold version of the 5.5-inch phone, for example, was bidding at $1,625 on Friday afternoon, compared with a face value of $949.
One post on the New York City edition of Craigslist sought $10,000 the privilege to "be one of the first & few people to own this model and before the rest of the world."
New iPhones tend to get listed at stratospheric prices on various online retail sites from the United States to China, on the assumption that there's big demand from people who must get their hands on the phone from day one. That in turns fuels a grey market of dealers who buy in bulk for resale.
(Additional reporting by Ankush Sharma in Bangalore, and Marina Lopes in New York)
(Reuters)

Aamir would consider Rajya Sabha nominationAamir would consider Rajya Sabha nomination
PTI
A file photo of Aamir Khan
Mumbai, Sept 14:  
Actor Aamir Khan said that if he is offered a nomination to the Rajya Sabha, he will “think” about it.
Asked whether he would like to be nominated to the Rajya Sabha like cricketer Sachin Tendulkar and actress Rekha, Aamir said, “I won’t comment on what they are doing. They are my friends. But if such opportunity arises, I will think whether I can contribute to society at that point of time in a better way or not. If that happens, I will be there everyday.”
The 49-year-old ‘Dhoom 3’ star was responding to a question on a TV programme.
Asked what he thought about Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s attempts to centralise power, Aamir said, “I don’t know whether he is doing the right thing. You know better.”
Answering a question about the portrayal of women in Hindi films, Aamir said, “I admit that Hindi films have been irresponsible in terms of portrayal of women.”
“It sends out a very wrong message. Songs like ‘Tu Cheez Badi Hai Mast Mast’ (from Mohra) and ‘Khambe Jaisi Khadi Hai’ (from Dil which featured Aamir) are not good. We should respect sentiments of women. I accept my own hand in it, but I will try not to do this now. I will take this up with my friends and be sensitive henceforth,” Aamir said.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
Related

Aamir would consider Rajya Sabha nominationAamir would consider Rajya Sabha nomination
PTI
A file photo of Aamir Khan
Mumbai, Sept 14:  
Actor Aamir Khan said that if he is offered a nomination to the Rajya Sabha, he will “think” about it.
Asked whether he would like to be nominated to the Rajya Sabha like cricketer Sachin Tendulkar and actress Rekha, Aamir said, “I won’t comment on what they are doing. They are my friends. But if such opportunity arises, I will think whether I can contribute to society at that point of time in a better way or not. If that happens, I will be there everyday.”
The 49-year-old ‘Dhoom 3’ star was responding to a question on a TV programme.
Asked what he thought about Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s attempts to centralise power, Aamir said, “I don’t know whether he is doing the right thing. You know better.”
Answering a question about the portrayal of women in Hindi films, Aamir said, “I admit that Hindi films have been irresponsible in terms of portrayal of women.”
“It sends out a very wrong message. Songs like ‘Tu Cheez Badi Hai Mast Mast’ (from Mohra) and ‘Khambe Jaisi Khadi Hai’ (from Dil which featured Aamir) are not good. We should respect sentiments of women. I accept my own hand in it, but I will try not to do this now. I will take this up with my friends and be sensitive henceforth,” Aamir said.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
Related

Wanna Trek to the StarsWanna Trek to the Stars?
Meera Siva
David H.Seymour/shutterstock.com
iurii/shutterstock.com
The uber rich are now forking out enormous sums of money for an out-of-the-world experience; literally
The world’s most affluent are willing to shell out $10,000 per km for this flight. And this is to travel in cramped cubicles with no champagne, flat beds or cabin crew to tuck them in. No, they are not out of their minds. This is the cost at which space tourism is being offered to those who are keen to, well, have an out-of-the-world experience.
Lift-off to weightlessness
Venturing into space is no more a flight of fantasy, thanks to many private companies making great leaps in space aviation technology.
Space tourism, where non-astronauts are sent to space, started in 2001 with billionaire Dennis Tito reportedly paying $20 million for a trip to the International Space Station (ISS).
Over the last decade, these private companies have been gaining competence in launching satellites into Earth’s orbit. The key breakthrough is the development of what are called reusable launch vehicles, that can take off and land much like planes, thus saving on cost.
True outer-space experience for non-astronauts may take a few years. But you may be able to experience a few minutes of weightlessness and view the beauty of Planet Earth against the blackness of space on a ride on Virgin Galactic’s SpaceShipTwo.
For $250,000, you can be one of the six passengers on a sub-orbital flight that takes you about 90 km above the Earth — technically below where space starts. The trip may only last 15 minutes. Over 700 people — reportedly including astrophysicist Stephen Hawking and singer Justin Bieber — have signed up.
Safety training
While the first trip is not likely until mid-2015 due to clearances, trial runs are on now. As you may well imagine, travelling in a spaceship can be quite rigorous. You will experience the two extremes of gravity – extreme pull of gravity known as g-force and weightlessness. Travellers have to be physically fit and must also be trained to handle the wild ride.
That’s why the Virgin Galactic training programme requires a thorough medical examination. You will also go through high and low gravity training to acclimatise with the effect of the g-force and zero gravity. Floating weightlessly may seem like fun, but travellers have to ensure they can perform simple tasks and, importantly, not harm themselves while floating.
Beyond earth
If this sounds like fun, but the price tag bothers you, there are other lower cost options. XCOR, a US-based company, promises a trip that costs $95,000 on its Lynx spaceship. The trip will last 30-50 minutes and reach a height of 100 km. Over 200 tickets have already been sold although the launch is expected only in 2016. If you are prepared to wait a year or more, you may be able to get the real deal — crossing the ‘final frontier’ of the Karman Line.
Right now, Russia’s Soyuz spaceship is the only one capable of transporting humans, but many others are working on making a human-ready spaceship. Among those vying for the pie-in-the-sky, SpaceX, founded by billionaire Elon Musk of Tesla, is probably the leader.
In April 2014, the company’s Dragon spacecraft carried 2,268 kg of food, supplies and material for 150 experiments including a miniature lettuce farm. Importantly, after a month, it brought back nearly two tonnes of science experiments and old equipment for NASA. SpaceX is hoping to transport astronauts by 2017.
Star accommodation
Even more futuristic is the idea of setting up a space hotel. Bigelow Aerospace, founded by hotel baron Richard Bigelow, plans to put up weary space travellers in its ‘space modules’. The company licensed the multi-layer, expandable space module technology from NASA in the 1990s. NASA plans to attach a Bigelow module to the ISS space station.
Floating around without gravity can be fun, but for the comfort of those who stay longer, the space modules have a small gravitational pull. This helps the guests to function ‘normally’. Of course, you can opt for a ‘space walk’ anytime.
Bigelow expects guests to be accommodated once space travellers are ferried safely. In the meantime, you can ‘lease’ space for conducting any outer space experiments, much like the scientific studies done aboard the ISS.
Billionaires’ boost
What has helped the entry of many private players in space travel? The primary reason is that governments around the world have loosened their grip on this domain, where they held monopoly in the past. In the US, a new law — Launch Services Purchase Act — was signed in 1990 which required NASA to purchase services from commercial providers rather than develop it in-house. In Russia too, with the ‘star wars’ programme discontinued, the government encouraged private players.
Space research is, however, not cheap. For over a decade, NASA has been boosting the entrepreneurial space ventures through contracts which have funnelled $1.8 billion to companies that are developing private spacecraft and other hardware. Still, to jumpstart operations, many billionaires have chipped in with big money. This includes Microsoft’s Paul Allen, movie director James Cameron, Google’s Eric Schmidt, Amazon’s Jeff Bezos, Virgin’s Richard Branson and Tesla’s Elon Musk.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
Related

Rupee could gain groundThe currency is reversing from the significant support at 61
September 14, 2014:  
The range-bound movement in the Indian rupee came to an end last week. The currency failed to hold on to its initial gains and fell from Monday’s high of 60.19 to a low of 61.04 on Wednesday. However, dollar sales by banks and corporates helped the rupee gain some ground and close at 60.66 on Friday, down 0.42 per cent for the week.
Currency movers
Consumer Price Index (CPI) inflation and Index of Industrial Production (IIP) data was released on Friday after the market close. CPI inflation eased slightly to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July.
However, food inflation remained elevated at 9.42 per cent. Wha's more, IIP growth slowed to 0.5 per cent in July. High inflation and slow industrial growth limit the upside for the currency. Wholesale Price Index (WPI) inflation data is due for release today. Foreign portfolio investors (FPIs) continue to remain net buyers in the Indian market. They bought $894.6 million in debt and $445.3 million in the equity segment in the past week.
The dollar index paused last week after having risen sharply by 2 per cent in the previous four weeks. The resistance at 84.5 was tested last week.
Dollar outlook
Inability to breach this could trigger a corrective fall, which may take it lower to 83 in the coming weeks. On the other hand, a breach of 84.5 could take the index to the next target of 85. Since the index has risen over 5 per cent in a short span of over two months, there is a strong probability of a short-term corrective fall in the coming weeks. The outcome of the US Federal Reserve meeting on Wednesday would decide whether the index will breach 84.5 or reverse lower.
Since the rupee is reversing from a significant support, it could move higher in the short term. There is a possibility of the rupee strengthening to 60.3 in the coming week. A breach of this level could take the rupee further higher to 60.1.
On the other hand, a reversal from 60.3 could see the rupee revisit 61 levels. A strong daily close below 61 will open doors for a further fall to 61.2
In the medium term, 59 is the key resistance level for the rupee. This level could be tested if the rupee breaches the psychological 60 level. However, rupee strengthening beyond 59 looks less probable at the moment. Having said this, a reversal from here could see the rupee weaken to 62 in the medium term.
(This article was published on September 14, 2014)
Related

August WPI inflation dips to 3.74 pc  lowest in 5 yearsSep 15, 2014 at  01:00pm IST
August WPI inflation dips to 3.74 pc, lowest in 5 years
34
3
New Delhi: Declining prices of vegetable and other food articles pulled down wholesale inflation sharply to 3.74 per cent in August to a nearly five-year low.
The inflation measured on Wholesale Price Index (WPI) was at 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August 2013.
Inflation in the food segment witnessed a significant decline to 5.15 per cent in August as against 8.43 per cent in July, according to official data released on Monday.
The August WPI inflation is the lowest since October 2009 when it stood at 1.8 per cent.
The August WPI inflation is the lowest since October 2009 when it stood at 1.8 per cent.
Vegetable prices contracted 4.88 per cent, the third continuous month of decline.
Maintaining a downward trend, the onion prices contracted by 44.7 per cent during the month under review.
However, potato prices were on the rise as inflation in the kitchen essential jumped to 61.61 per cent from 46.41 per cent in July.
Inflation in the fruits basket eased to 20.31 per cent in August.
While prices of protein rich items like egg, meat and fish contracted during the month, inflation in milk and pulses inched up to 12.18 per cent and 7.81 per cent, respectively, as compared to July.
The August retail inflation too eased to 7.8 per cent compared to 7.96 per cent in July.
(With inputs from PTI)

August WPI inflation dips to 3.74 pc  lowest in 5 yearsSep 15, 2014 at  01:00pm IST
August WPI inflation dips to 3.74 pc, lowest in 5 years
34
3
New Delhi: Declining prices of vegetable and other food articles pulled down wholesale inflation sharply to 3.74 per cent in August to a nearly five-year low.
The inflation measured on Wholesale Price Index (WPI) was at 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August 2013.
Inflation in the food segment witnessed a significant decline to 5.15 per cent in August as against 8.43 per cent in July, according to official data released on Monday.
The August WPI inflation is the lowest since October 2009 when it stood at 1.8 per cent.
The August WPI inflation is the lowest since October 2009 when it stood at 1.8 per cent.
Vegetable prices contracted 4.88 per cent, the third continuous month of decline.
Maintaining a downward trend, the onion prices contracted by 44.7 per cent during the month under review.
However, potato prices were on the rise as inflation in the kitchen essential jumped to 61.61 per cent from 46.41 per cent in July.
Inflation in the fruits basket eased to 20.31 per cent in August.
While prices of protein rich items like egg, meat and fish contracted during the month, inflation in milk and pulses inched up to 12.18 per cent and 7.81 per cent, respectively, as compared to July.
The August retail inflation too eased to 7.8 per cent compared to 7.96 per cent in July.
(With inputs from PTI)

WPI declines to 5-year low of 3.74% in AugustDipping commodity prices bring inflation down in August
K.R.Srivats
The wholesale price index for August has come in at a five-year low of 3.74 per cent.
Cooling fuel prices too help
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
A sharp fall in global commodity prices had a salutary impact on wholesale price index (WPI)-based inflation in August, which hit a five-year low at 3.74 per cent.
Falling food articles inflation — which too hit a five-year low at 5.15 per cent — besides the substantial impact of softening fuel prices bolstered the downward trend.
The WPI of 3.74 per cent for August was lower than 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August last year, official data released on Monday showed.
“International commodity and crude prices have corrected to multi-year lows. The softening in global crude prices is playing out. As much as two-thirds of global prices have an impact on WPI,” Saumya Kanti Ghosh, Chief Economic Advisor, State Bank of India Group, told BusinessLine.
Given that core inflation had trended down, one can expect the whole year average for WPI to be around 4-4.5 per cent, Ghosh said. He expects the consumer price index (CPI) for 2014-15 to be around 7.5-7.7 per cent. This average is lower than the 8 per cent target set by the Reserve Bank of India for January 2015.
The declining trajectory in WPI and the CPI-based inflation notwithstanding, the RBI will keep policy rates unchanged on September 30, say economy watchers.
Confederation of Indian Industry Director-General Chandrajit Banerjee said “coming shortly before the Monetary Policy, this (falling inflation) should provide the necessary manoeuvring space to the RBI”. FICCI President Sidharth Birla said “This is definitely a good sign”. But prices of food items at the retail end continue to be a cause for concern, he added.
Despite WPI inflation cooling off, the benchmark equity indices were not enthused and plunged 1 per cent on Monday due to disappointing industrial production data and weak global cues.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

WPI declines to 5-year low of 3.74% in AugustDipping commodity prices bring inflation down in August
K.R.Srivats
The wholesale price index for August has come in at a five-year low of 3.74 per cent.
Cooling fuel prices too help
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
A sharp fall in global commodity prices had a salutary impact on wholesale price index (WPI)-based inflation in August, which hit a five-year low at 3.74 per cent.
Falling food articles inflation — which too hit a five-year low at 5.15 per cent — besides the substantial impact of softening fuel prices bolstered the downward trend.
The WPI of 3.74 per cent for August was lower than 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August last year, official data released on Monday showed.
“International commodity and crude prices have corrected to multi-year lows. The softening in global crude prices is playing out. As much as two-thirds of global prices have an impact on WPI,” Saumya Kanti Ghosh, Chief Economic Advisor, State Bank of India Group, told BusinessLine.
Given that core inflation had trended down, one can expect the whole year average for WPI to be around 4-4.5 per cent, Ghosh said. He expects the consumer price index (CPI) for 2014-15 to be around 7.5-7.7 per cent. This average is lower than the 8 per cent target set by the Reserve Bank of India for January 2015.
The declining trajectory in WPI and the CPI-based inflation notwithstanding, the RBI will keep policy rates unchanged on September 30, say economy watchers.
Confederation of Indian Industry Director-General Chandrajit Banerjee said “coming shortly before the Monetary Policy, this (falling inflation) should provide the necessary manoeuvring space to the RBI”. FICCI President Sidharth Birla said “This is definitely a good sign”. But prices of food items at the retail end continue to be a cause for concern, he added.
Despite WPI inflation cooling off, the benchmark equity indices were not enthused and plunged 1 per cent on Monday due to disappointing industrial production data and weak global cues.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

RBI: Banks needs to review categories under priority sector lendingRBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The banking sector needs to question the categories under priority sector lending, according to RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan.
"Select special sectors need ease of credit ... the biggest need for agriculture is long-term money while farmers don't get long-term loans because short-term loans are subsidised," Rajan said at a banking conference organised by FICCI.
He said bankers need to "ask if students studying abroad are more needy?"
Interest subventions and loan waiver schemes can distort prices and lead to unhealthy borrowing practices, Rajan said while addressing the bankers.
He said loan waivers, as proposed by the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister, were not healthy for the banking system and could distort prices and the credit culture.
Further, he said the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna was an internal priority and that direct benefit transfers would reduce leakage and limit distortion of prices.
He also cautioned banks on duplication of accounts opened and asked them to ensure that the newly opened accounts work and make the scheme more effective.
The priority sector lending requirement currently is at a minimum of 40 per cent, including sectors such as agriculture, education, rural housing, micro and small sector enterprises, among others.
Rate reduction
Prices of not just food but also other items needs to come down to reduce interest rates, according to him.
"Inflation is high not only in food but also in non-food items and the best solution for the country is to bring it down. Then I can cut interest rates," Rajan said at the digital banking conclave.
On being asked if he would cut rates, he said, "I have no desire to keep interest rates high for even a second longer. I want to bring down interest rates when it is feasible and that would be when we have won the fight against inflation.
"There is no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation pick up again," Rajan said, adding inflation is moving in the direction proposed by the RBI.
The RBI is targeting retail inflation of 8 per cent by January next year and 6 per cent by January 2016.
Taking a dig at industry for its persistent demand for cutting lending rates despite rising prices, the Governor asked them to bring down prices and was confident they wouldn’t reach a consensus on this.
"When you do that then we will do that, we have no problem. Clearly, you will have no consensus on this," he said.
Wholesale price inflation for August declined sharply to a near five-year low of 3.74 per cent on declining prices of vegetables and other food articles from 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August 2013.
However, consumer price inflation, which the RBI has adopted as a monetary policy gauge, still remains high. For August, it had inched down marginally to 7.8 per cent from 7.96 per cent a month earlier.
Internal evaluation of lending processes
Recent scandals underlined the need for better internal evaluation of lending processes. Banking must become more engaged and informed, he said.
Rajan reiterated the call for more operational freedom for State-run banks.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

RBI: Banks needs to review categories under priority sector lendingRBI Governor Raghuram Rajan
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The banking sector needs to question the categories under priority sector lending, according to RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan.
"Select special sectors need ease of credit ... the biggest need for agriculture is long-term money while farmers don't get long-term loans because short-term loans are subsidised," Rajan said at a banking conference organised by FICCI.
He said bankers need to "ask if students studying abroad are more needy?"
Interest subventions and loan waiver schemes can distort prices and lead to unhealthy borrowing practices, Rajan said while addressing the bankers.
He said loan waivers, as proposed by the Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister, were not healthy for the banking system and could distort prices and the credit culture.
Further, he said the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna was an internal priority and that direct benefit transfers would reduce leakage and limit distortion of prices.
He also cautioned banks on duplication of accounts opened and asked them to ensure that the newly opened accounts work and make the scheme more effective.
The priority sector lending requirement currently is at a minimum of 40 per cent, including sectors such as agriculture, education, rural housing, micro and small sector enterprises, among others.
Rate reduction
Prices of not just food but also other items needs to come down to reduce interest rates, according to him.
"Inflation is high not only in food but also in non-food items and the best solution for the country is to bring it down. Then I can cut interest rates," Rajan said at the digital banking conclave.
On being asked if he would cut rates, he said, "I have no desire to keep interest rates high for even a second longer. I want to bring down interest rates when it is feasible and that would be when we have won the fight against inflation.
"There is no point in cutting interest rates to see inflation pick up again," Rajan said, adding inflation is moving in the direction proposed by the RBI.
The RBI is targeting retail inflation of 8 per cent by January next year and 6 per cent by January 2016.
Taking a dig at industry for its persistent demand for cutting lending rates despite rising prices, the Governor asked them to bring down prices and was confident they wouldn’t reach a consensus on this.
"When you do that then we will do that, we have no problem. Clearly, you will have no consensus on this," he said.
Wholesale price inflation for August declined sharply to a near five-year low of 3.74 per cent on declining prices of vegetables and other food articles from 5.19 per cent in July and 6.99 per cent in August 2013.
However, consumer price inflation, which the RBI has adopted as a monetary policy gauge, still remains high. For August, it had inched down marginally to 7.8 per cent from 7.96 per cent a month earlier.
Internal evaluation of lending processes
Recent scandals underlined the need for better internal evaluation of lending processes. Banking must become more engaged and informed, he said.
Rajan reiterated the call for more operational freedom for State-run banks.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Novo Banco names Lloyds banker as chiefNovo Banco names Lloyds banker for top role
By Peter Wise in Lisbon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0fe411c4-3c32-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Novo Banco names Lloyds banker as chiefNovo Banco names Lloyds banker for top role
By Peter Wise in Lisbon
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/0fe411c4-3c32-11e4-96b8-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anonymous analytics: the truth will out© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f3421ede-3a93-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Anonymous analytics: the truth will out© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/3/f3421ede-3a93-11e4-a3f3-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Sensex plummets 244 points on disappointing IIP data  weak global cuesSensex plummets 244 points on disappointing IIP data, weak global cues
Our Bureau/Agencies
Tweet
Mumbai, Sept 15:  
The Sensex and the Nifty plunged nearly one per cent at the closing session on Monday on heavy selling by funds and retail investors due to weak industrial production data and weak global cues.
Brokers said selling pressure emerged as the country’s industrial production growth slowed to a four-month low of 0.5 per cent in July but easing retail inflation to 7.8 per cent in August from 7.96 per cent in July, and dip in WPI inflation to a five-year low of 5.74 per cent in August restricted the fall.
The 30-share BSE index Sensex plunged 244.48 points to end at 26,816.56 and the 50-share NSE index Nifty fell 63.5 points to end at 8,042.
Among BSE sectoral indices, metal index fell the most by 1.69 per cent, oil & gas and IT 0.96 per cent each. On the other hand, healthcare index was up 0.41 per cent, followed by realty 0.18 per cent and infrastructure index 0.18 per cent.
Cipla, Hero MotoCorp, Dr Reddy's, HDFC Bank and Infosys were the major Sensex gainers, while the major losers were Hindalco, Tata Steel, SSLT, ONGC and Coal India.
Rajesh Agarwal, Head-Research Eastern Financiers, earlier in the day said in a report: "The markets are expected to start the week on a subdued note on the back of weak IIP data declared during the week-end. Although Consumer Price Index (CPI) was at a comfortable zone, markets would be keenly watching the Wholesale Price Inflation (WPI) data for August scheduled to be released on Monday. Further, stock-specific action could be seen after second instalment of advance tax payments by corporates start trickling in.''
European shares fell after disappointing macroeconomic data from China raised concerns about the pace of economic growth in the world's second-biggest economy.
Week-end data showed China's factory output grew at the weakest pace in nearly six years in August, while growth in other key sectors also cooled, increasing fears that the world's second-largest economy may be at the risk of a sharp slowdown unless Beijing takes fresh stimulus measures.
The Stoxx Europe 600 Index slipped less than 0.1 per cent to 344.04 at 10.13 a.m. in London, paring losses of as much as 0.4 per cent.
The MSCI Asia Pacific Index retreated 0.6 per cent today for an eighth day of declines, its longest streak since January 2010. Standard & Poor’s 500 Index futures fell 0.2 per cent.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

MRPL s Independent Directors Sacked by GovernmentKotak Bank Buys ING Vysya in Record $2.4 Billion Share Deal
New Delhi: The government has sacked all the five independent directors of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL). With this, the company's board has lost its power to pass accounts, or take any large investment decisions.
"Five non official part time directors namely, C L Shah, Neela Gangadharan, Prof Usha Kiran Rai, Prof Jayant M Modak and Capt John Prasad Menezes have ceased to be Directors on the Board of the Company," MRPL said in a filing to the bourses on Monday.
All the five independent directors were appointed by the previous UPA regime.
This follows removal of all the UPA-appointed independent directors on board of Coal India Ltd (CIL) and sacking of four such appointees from the board of Indian Oil Corporation. Besides, two UPA appointees on the board of Engineers India Ltd too have been booted out.
Unlike Coal India, where the directors were told to quit and those who did not were voted out at company's shareholders meeting, in case of MRPL and IOC, no resolution confirming appointments was moved.
Sources said the MRPL directors were appointed after the last shareholders meeting and their appointment was to be ratified at the company's annual general meeting (AGM) on September 13.
In absence of the company moving a resolution seeking confirmation of their appointments, the five ceased to be directors on the company board.
After their exit, MRPL board now has six functional and promoter directors. These are chairman D K Sarraf, managing director H Kumar, director (finance) Vishnu Agrawal, director (refinery) V G Joshi, Oil Ministry nominee director P Kalyanasundaram and HPCL nominee director B K Namdeo.
MRPL is a subsidiary of state explorer ONGC. Though the government has no shareholding in MRPL, it holds a 68.94 per cent stake in ONGC.
Sources said IOC too had not moved a resolution for confirmation of appointment of K Jairaj, Nesar Ahmad, Sunil Krishna and Sayan Chatterjee at its AGM on August 27. In absence of shareholder approval, the four, who were appointed by the previous UPA government in March this year for a three-year term, ceased to be directors on IOC board.
The five directors removed from MRPL were appointed on October 22 last year for a three-year term.
Mr Shah is a chartered accountant C L Shah while Gangadharan is a former bureaucrat. Mr Modak is a professor at the Indian Institute of Science Professor while Mr Rai is a professor of marketing at Banaras Hindu University.
There is also a move to seek removal of former Power Secretary P Uma Shankar, chartered accountant S Ravi and former BPCL chairman R K Singh from the board of ONGC. Similarly, chartered accountant Rohit Khanna is being sought to be removed from the board of Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd (HPCL).
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 16:36 (IST)

Jan Dhan Scheme: RBI Governor warns banks running for numbersJan Dhan Scheme: RBI Governor warns banks running for numbers
Jan Dhan Scheme: RBI Governor warns banks running for numbersJan Dhan Scheme: RBI Governor warns banks running for numbers
August trade deficit falls to $10.83 billionAugust trade deficit falls to $10.83 billion
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 15, 2014 05:50 PM IST
Continuing the downtrend, India's export growth slipped to 2.35% at $26.95 billion in August, pushing up trade deficit to $10.83 billion.
Gold imports have jumped significantly to $2.03 billion during the month under review from $738.7 million a year ago.
According to the Ministry of Commerce and Industry's data, overall imports grew only 2.08% to $37.79 billion.
Exports in May and June had registered a growth of 12.4% and 10.22%, respectively. In July, export growth further slipped to 7.33%.
In April-August period, exports grew 7.31% to $134.79 billion.
Imports, however, dipped by 2.69% to $190.94 billion during the first five months of this financial year. Trade deficit during the period (April-August) stood at $56.15 billion down from $70.6 billion during the same period last year.
Oil imports declined by 14.97% in August to $12.83 billion. However non-oil imports during the month under review were up by 13.82% to $24.95 billion.

August trade deficit falls to $10.83 billionAugust trade deficit falls to $10.83 billion
Press Trust of India | Mumbai Sep 15, 2014 05:50 PM IST
Continuing the downtrend, India's export growth slipped to 2.35% at $26.95 billion in August, pushing up trade deficit to $10.83 billion.
Gold imports have jumped significantly to $2.03 billion during the month under review from $738.7 million a year ago.
According to the Ministry of Commerce and Industry's data, overall imports grew only 2.08% to $37.79 billion.
Exports in May and June had registered a growth of 12.4% and 10.22%, respectively. In July, export growth further slipped to 7.33%.
In April-August period, exports grew 7.31% to $134.79 billion.
Imports, however, dipped by 2.69% to $190.94 billion during the first five months of this financial year. Trade deficit during the period (April-August) stood at $56.15 billion down from $70.6 billion during the same period last year.
Oil imports declined by 14.97% in August to $12.83 billion. However non-oil imports during the month under review were up by 13.82% to $24.95 billion.

How to Scale Your Business  Make a Profit and Do Good (VIDEO)reddit
Starting with $120,000 - their entire life savings, Warby Parker has emerged as a fashion giant, selling over a million pairs of designer eyeglasses. More than that, it's made the world a better place, donating an equal number of eyeglasses to needy people in the developing world while maintaining a net zero carbon footprint -- and earning a substantial profit for its investors. I sat down with co-founders Neil Blumenthal and David Gilboa in their New York headquarters and talked to them about start-ups, risk-taking, collaboration, creativity , and entrepreneurialism.
"Simply put, we saw an industry that was broken," they told me, adding that "Focus is key for any startup. Strategy is as much about what you don't do as much as what you do. Any startup has limited resources so you need to focus on the areas where you have a unique advantage and can do better than any other company." But Warby Parker doesn't just do the same old thing better. It's redefined the whole industry -- and is expanding the idea of what a company can and should do.
Rana Florida is the author of the best-selling book Upgrade, Taking Your Work and Life from Ordinary to Extraordinary .
Follow Rana Florida on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ranaflorida
More:
What Is Working: Small Businesses
FOLLOW HUFFPOST

How to Scale Your Business  Make a Profit and Do Good (VIDEO)reddit
Starting with $120,000 - their entire life savings, Warby Parker has emerged as a fashion giant, selling over a million pairs of designer eyeglasses. More than that, it's made the world a better place, donating an equal number of eyeglasses to needy people in the developing world while maintaining a net zero carbon footprint -- and earning a substantial profit for its investors. I sat down with co-founders Neil Blumenthal and David Gilboa in their New York headquarters and talked to them about start-ups, risk-taking, collaboration, creativity , and entrepreneurialism.
"Simply put, we saw an industry that was broken," they told me, adding that "Focus is key for any startup. Strategy is as much about what you don't do as much as what you do. Any startup has limited resources so you need to focus on the areas where you have a unique advantage and can do better than any other company." But Warby Parker doesn't just do the same old thing better. It's redefined the whole industry -- and is expanding the idea of what a company can and should do.
Rana Florida is the author of the best-selling book Upgrade, Taking Your Work and Life from Ordinary to Extraordinary .
Follow Rana Florida on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ranaflorida
More:
What Is Working: Small Businesses
FOLLOW HUFFPOST

Export growth slows down to 2.35 % in AugustPetro, farm products drag export growth in Aug to 2.35%
Our Bureau
Imports, too, post a low growth of 2.08 % as oil bill dips
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
India’s exports growth slowed down further to 2.35 per cent in August 2014 to $26.95 billion. The export numbers were at $ 26.33 billion in August 2013.
Imports grew at 2.08 per cent during August 2014 to $37.79 billion compared to $ 37.02 billion in August 2013, as oil imports posted a decline.
Trade deficit in August 2014 was at $ 10.83 billion, which was higher than last year’s $ 10.68 billion. But the deficit was lower than last month’s $12.28 billion.
Exports in the first six months of the fiscal posted a growth of 7.31 per cent to $13.47 billion compared to $12.5 billion in the same period of the previous fiscal.
There was an overall fall of 2.69 per cent in imports in the first six months of the on-going fiscal to $19.09 billion compared to $19.62 billion in the comparable period of the previous fiscal.
Trade deficit in the first six months of 2014-15 was at$ 337.21 billion, which was lower than $405.84 billion in the same period of 2013-14.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Export growth slows down to 2.35 % in AugustPetro, farm products drag export growth in Aug to 2.35%
Our Bureau
Imports, too, post a low growth of 2.08 % as oil bill dips
New Delhi, Sept 15:  
India’s exports growth slowed down further to 2.35 per cent in August 2014 to $26.95 billion. The export numbers were at $ 26.33 billion in August 2013.
Imports grew at 2.08 per cent during August 2014 to $37.79 billion compared to $ 37.02 billion in August 2013, as oil imports posted a decline.
Trade deficit in August 2014 was at $ 10.83 billion, which was higher than last year’s $ 10.68 billion. But the deficit was lower than last month’s $12.28 billion.
Exports in the first six months of the fiscal posted a growth of 7.31 per cent to $13.47 billion compared to $12.5 billion in the same period of the previous fiscal.
There was an overall fall of 2.69 per cent in imports in the first six months of the on-going fiscal to $19.09 billion compared to $19.62 billion in the comparable period of the previous fiscal.
Trade deficit in the first six months of 2014-15 was at$ 337.21 billion, which was lower than $405.84 billion in the same period of 2013-14.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Why Translational Medicine Will Never Be the SameThere have been 2 or 3 courses in my entire education that have changed
the way I think.  This is one of those.
Hobart Harris , Professor and Chief, Division of General Surgery at UCSF
For the past three years the National Science Foundation Innovation Corps has been teaching our nations best scientists how to build a Lean Startup.  Close to 400 teams in robotics, computer science, materials science, geoscience, etc. have learned how to use business models, get out of the building to test their hypotheses and minimum viable product.
Last fall we prototyped an I-Corps class for life sciences at UCSF with 25 teams. Hobart Harris led one of the teams.
What Hobart learned and how he learned it is why we're about to launch the I-Corps @ NIH on Oct 6th.
If you can't see the video click here
Translational medicine will never be the same.
Follow Steve Blank on Twitter: www.twitter.com/sgblank
More:

Why Translational Medicine Will Never Be the SameThere have been 2 or 3 courses in my entire education that have changed
the way I think.  This is one of those.
Hobart Harris , Professor and Chief, Division of General Surgery at UCSF
For the past three years the National Science Foundation Innovation Corps has been teaching our nations best scientists how to build a Lean Startup.  Close to 400 teams in robotics, computer science, materials science, geoscience, etc. have learned how to use business models, get out of the building to test their hypotheses and minimum viable product.
Last fall we prototyped an I-Corps class for life sciences at UCSF with 25 teams. Hobart Harris led one of the teams.
What Hobart learned and how he learned it is why we're about to launch the I-Corps @ NIH on Oct 6th.
If you can't see the video click here
Translational medicine will never be the same.
Follow Steve Blank on Twitter: www.twitter.com/sgblank
More:

There was no sign of the govt during the days of delugeThe sight of land after being stuck in water for almost three days was like a blessing.
 
Like majority of the areas in the valley, we got no warning about the flood and while we waited for the water level to recede, no one from the government or any rescue team was found on ground.
 
I had witnessed a similar situation when the dyke of the flood channel adjacent to Hamdania Colony of Bemina in Srinagar broke on September 4. Only one team of five men with a lone rubber boat had come for the rescue of almost 10,000 people. All it could do was to save some patients stuck in a community-run hospital. Though in Bemina, a small team of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and army personnel was at work. 
 
Situation was no different even after two days, when the water entered the localities in Civil Lines of Srinagar. From the time when the water entered in several villages of south Kashmir and Bemina in Srinagar, till it flooded Civil Lines and later the whole of the capital itself, all we heard was that the state ministers were ‘concerned’ and ‘taking a stock of the situation.’ The government was passive. It waited till nature took its own course.
 
For the flood-hit in uptown, the respite came from volunteers --  mostly local youngsters -- who rescued people in make-shift boats made out from plywood, thermocol and from whatever they managed to lay their hands on. Some even used plastic tanks meant to store water to rescue people while others carried victims on their shoulders to safety. There were no ambulances to carry patients or to provide first aid to the injured. Those rescued where housed in mosques and gurdwaras where communal kitchens were set up.
 
Concerns grew with rising water level, lack of electricity and communication. We hardly slept. During the nights some family or the other would check the water level. Everyone feared for the worse. During the days, helicopters made non-stop trips to the airport. All this while, we heard stories of horror. Rumours of corpses being recovered at various places along railway tracks and dead bodies being tied to poles and trees to prevent them from being washed away spread fast. And, with no means to communicate and verify reports, concerns regarding safety of relatives and friends grew.
 
I still have no news about one of my aunts who lives in one of the worst-hit localities of Srinagar. One of my relatives, who lives around 800 meters away from one of the spots where the Jhelum river breached the dyke in Rajbagh area, reached us after two days. The clothes he was wearing were offered by rescuers. Two floors of his three-storey house were under water when he was rescued. Like many in the area, he did not get the time to move his belongings to the upper stories.
 
“I thought I would never see the land again. I knelt before Allah and kissed the land when we were rescued,” he told us later. Others have faced even worse. The family of one of my brother’s friend heard walls of their house collapsing while they were stuck in the third storey.
 
When water finally receded from the Civil Lines, we saw hundreds of youngsters waiting to rescue those stuck in Jawahar Nagar, Rajbagh, Mehjoor Nagar and other parts of Srinagar. However, with no boats available, they were helpless. Similarly, the relief material sent by friends and well-wishers from many parts of India got stuck at the airport for hours for the want of fuel.
 
The body of one of the acquaintances, who lived in a colony near ours, was recovered three days after he got washed away by floods. He had gone to rescue his sister in Safa Kadal area of Srinagar after he heard that their family was stuck in the flood water. His coffin was carried in a tipper to adjust mourners as there wasn’t enough fuel for vehicles. 
 
Unfortunately, for Kashmir and Kashmiris nothing remains untouched by politics. When we met residents who had access to TV, they were fuming because of the way rescue operations were being projected. For them, it seemed that charity was being marketed. The consequences of this have already emerged with many locals refusing aid by the army and police and protests and stone-pelting have already begun.
 
It will take Kashmir years to recover from the trauma and losses due the floods. There is no doubt that it needs aid to recover. However, charity with swank is no charity. The sooner we understand this the better it is.

There was no sign of the govt during the days of delugeThe sight of land after being stuck in water for almost three days was like a blessing.
 
Like majority of the areas in the valley, we got no warning about the flood and while we waited for the water level to recede, no one from the government or any rescue team was found on ground.
 
I had witnessed a similar situation when the dyke of the flood channel adjacent to Hamdania Colony of Bemina in Srinagar broke on September 4. Only one team of five men with a lone rubber boat had come for the rescue of almost 10,000 people. All it could do was to save some patients stuck in a community-run hospital. Though in Bemina, a small team of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and army personnel was at work. 
 
Situation was no different even after two days, when the water entered the localities in Civil Lines of Srinagar. From the time when the water entered in several villages of south Kashmir and Bemina in Srinagar, till it flooded Civil Lines and later the whole of the capital itself, all we heard was that the state ministers were ‘concerned’ and ‘taking a stock of the situation.’ The government was passive. It waited till nature took its own course.
 
For the flood-hit in uptown, the respite came from volunteers --  mostly local youngsters -- who rescued people in make-shift boats made out from plywood, thermocol and from whatever they managed to lay their hands on. Some even used plastic tanks meant to store water to rescue people while others carried victims on their shoulders to safety. There were no ambulances to carry patients or to provide first aid to the injured. Those rescued where housed in mosques and gurdwaras where communal kitchens were set up.
 
Concerns grew with rising water level, lack of electricity and communication. We hardly slept. During the nights some family or the other would check the water level. Everyone feared for the worse. During the days, helicopters made non-stop trips to the airport. All this while, we heard stories of horror. Rumours of corpses being recovered at various places along railway tracks and dead bodies being tied to poles and trees to prevent them from being washed away spread fast. And, with no means to communicate and verify reports, concerns regarding safety of relatives and friends grew.
 
I still have no news about one of my aunts who lives in one of the worst-hit localities of Srinagar. One of my relatives, who lives around 800 meters away from one of the spots where the Jhelum river breached the dyke in Rajbagh area, reached us after two days. The clothes he was wearing were offered by rescuers. Two floors of his three-storey house were under water when he was rescued. Like many in the area, he did not get the time to move his belongings to the upper stories.
 
“I thought I would never see the land again. I knelt before Allah and kissed the land when we were rescued,” he told us later. Others have faced even worse. The family of one of my brother’s friend heard walls of their house collapsing while they were stuck in the third storey.
 
When water finally receded from the Civil Lines, we saw hundreds of youngsters waiting to rescue those stuck in Jawahar Nagar, Rajbagh, Mehjoor Nagar and other parts of Srinagar. However, with no boats available, they were helpless. Similarly, the relief material sent by friends and well-wishers from many parts of India got stuck at the airport for hours for the want of fuel.
 
The body of one of the acquaintances, who lived in a colony near ours, was recovered three days after he got washed away by floods. He had gone to rescue his sister in Safa Kadal area of Srinagar after he heard that their family was stuck in the flood water. His coffin was carried in a tipper to adjust mourners as there wasn’t enough fuel for vehicles. 
 
Unfortunately, for Kashmir and Kashmiris nothing remains untouched by politics. When we met residents who had access to TV, they were fuming because of the way rescue operations were being projected. For them, it seemed that charity was being marketed. The consequences of this have already emerged with many locals refusing aid by the army and police and protests and stone-pelting have already begun.
 
It will take Kashmir years to recover from the trauma and losses due the floods. There is no doubt that it needs aid to recover. However, charity with swank is no charity. The sooner we understand this the better it is.

WPI release posed a huge positive surprise: Indranil PanE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Microsoft to acquire Minecraft maker Mojang for $2.5 bnMicrosoft to acquire Minecraft maker Mojang for $2.5 billion
By Reuters | 15 Sep, 2014, 07.07PM IST
Microsoft to acquire Minecraft maker Mojang
Microsoft to acquire Minecraft maker Mojang
Microsoft said it expects the acquisition to be break-even in fiscal year 2015 on a GAAP basis. The deal is expected to close in late 2014.
ET SPECIAL:
Save precious time tracking your investments
STOCKHOLM/SEATTLE: Microsoft Corp has agreed to acquire the Stockholm-based developer of the wildly popular Minecraft video game for $2.5 billion, as it tries to lure a new and mostly young audience into its mobile world.
Minecraft - a construction game in which players can build nearly anything imaginable, block by block, in a digital, Lego-like world - has spread like wildfire since its full release by developer Mojang in 2011.
Minecraft is the top paid-for app both on Apple Inc's iOS and Google Inc's Android systems and helped Mojang, which employs just 40 people, bring in 2.05 billion crowns ($287 million) in revenue in 2013, giving it an 896 million crown ($126 million) operating profit for the year.
Director of website Gamesbrief Nicholas Lovell described Minecraft as a hugely successful product which has "captured the imagination of pretty much everybody under the age of 15", saying the game could help Microsoft broaden its appeal.
While the Mojang team will join Microsoft studios behind global franchises such as "Halo" and "Fable", its three co-founders, who have been chased by the likes of Napster co-founder and early Facebook Inc investor Sean Parker, will be leaving to start new projects.
As if to erase any doubts about the importance of gaming, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella said it was a "top activity" spanning devices from PCs and consoles to tablets and mobiles, with billions of hours devoted to it each year.
"Minecraft is more than a great game franchise - it is an open world platform, driven by a vibrant community we care deeply about, and rich with new opportunities for that community and for Microsoft," Nadella said on Monday.
Microsoft has spent lavishly in the Nordic region in recent years, buying the handset business of Nokia for $7.2 billion in a deal which closed this year. In 2011, it spent $8.5 billion on Skype, which has its roots in Scandinavia and the Baltics.
Some analysts were positive about the acquisition.
"The news robustly dismisses the idea that games are no longer at the core of Microsoft's strategic direction and also underlines the growing importance of independent titles alongside big-budget games," Piers Harding-Rolls, head of games at IHS Technology, wrote in a note.
FBR Capital Markets said the deal gave Nadella "the right product at the right time," as Microsoft invests in its Xbox strategy and moves into the intensely competitive mobile phone sector with Nokia under its hood.
Just five years old, Mojang was co-founded by Markus Persson, who developed the hit Minecraft game after previously working at Sweden's King Digital Entertainment Plc, maker of the Candy Crush Saga game.
NOT ABOUT THE MONEY
News of the Microsoft deal surprised some Minecraft players who know Persson, or "Notch" as he is commonly known, more for his anti-big business stance. But he explained the reasons behind the deal in a blog shortly after the deal was announced.
"As soon as this deal is finalized, I will leave Mojang and go back to doing Ludum Dares and small web experiments. If I ever accidentally make something that seems to gain traction, I'll probably abandon it immediately," Persson said in the blog posted on his Twitter feed.
"I love you. All of you. Thank you for turning Minecraft into what it has become, but there are too many of you, and I can't be responsible for something this big," he said. "It's not about the money. It's about my sanity."
Notch, 35, owns 71 percent of Mojang through his company Notch Development AB and stands to become a billionaire if the deal goes through. JP Morgan was the sole advisor to Mojang on the sale.
Analysts have said Microsoft's purchase of Mojang is more aimed at pulling users onto its obscure mobile platform than its better known PC system or Xbox game console.
Minecraft was launched as a PC game, but about 40 percent of copies are downloaded onto phones and tablets.
In accounting terms, Microsoft expects the acquisition, which should close late in 2014, will break even in its current 2015 fiscal year.
A $2.5 billion deal for Mojang, or about 8 times sales last year, is small change for Microsoft, which has $86 billion in cash and short-term investments. But it is relatively large and expensive for game company acquisitions.
Japan's SoftBank Corp paid $1.53 billion for a 50 percent stake in Finland's Supercell last year at about 3.5 times projected annual sales. Electronic Arts Inc's (EA) $750 million acquisition of PopCap in 2011 was valued at around 10 to 11 times sales.
The Nordic region, also home to Angry Birds maker Rovio, has emerged as an important player in the gaming world, thanks to its long, dark winters and highly connected societies.
EA snapped up Swedish video game maker DICE, best known for the Battlefield franchise, in 2006, and the sale of Mojang comes hard on the heels of King's listing on the New York Stock Exchange earlier this year.
"It's another acknowledgement of the Swedish games industry and the technology that we produce, that a company like Microsoft wants to invest enormous amounts here," said Per Stromback, spokesman for the Swedish Games Industry.

Grain Higher  Livestock UnchangedPeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

Grain Higher  Livestock UnchangedPeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

Family of Arizona shooting range instructor killed by young girl urge her to move forwardBy Mark Berman September 15 Follow @markberman
The family of Charlie Vacca, who was killed in August when a 9-year-old girl accidentally shot him with an Uzi at the gun range where he worked, recorded a message to the young girl expressing concern for her and saying their dad would want her to move forward with her life and "love herself." (Courtesy of LamberGoodnow.com)
The children of the Arizona shooting range instructor who was accidentally shot and killed by a 9-year-old girl with an Uzi have released a message for her , urging the young girl to find peace and move forward with her life.
This girl unintentionally shot Charles Vacca, an instructor at the Last Stop shooting range an hour away from Las Vegas, after he let her fire the weapon on her own. His death, and the fact that it involved a 9-year-old firing an Uzi, sparked a debate  over why such a young child was allowed to use such a powerful gun.
Video released by the Mohave County (Ariz.) Sheriff's Office shows a 9-year-old girl at a shooting range accidentally killing an instructor on Monday morning when she lost control of the Uzi he was showing her how to use. (Mohave County Sheriff's Office)
In a recorded video statement released through the law firm Lamber Goodnow/Fennemore Craig , Vacca’s children — who range in ages from 11 to 19, according to the firm — describe their father as more than just a shooting range instructor. They also urge the young girl, who has not been identified, to try and move on from the incident.
“Our dad would want you to know that you should move forward with your life,” Elizabeth, one of his daughters, says in the video. “You should not let this define you.”
She describes Vacca as “funny, strong” and “a good man.”
Vacca’s family has asked for privacy, but released the video because they wanted to reveal more about their father and send a message to the girl, according to the law firm.
“You are only 9 years old,” Tyler, one of Vacca’s sons, says in the video. “We think about you. We are worried about you. We pray for you. And we wish you peace. Our dad would want the same thing.”
The 9-year-old girl dropped the gun after the fatal shot was fired, telling her mother that “ the gun was too much for her ,” according to a report released by the Mohave County Sheriff’s Department.
Because she dropped the gun and held her shoulder, her family members gathered around her and didn’t initially realize Vacca had been shot, the report said. No criminal charges are pending, but the Arizona Division of Occupational Safety and Health said it is investigating the shooting.
While Vacca’s children say they don’t know the girl’s identity, they are still “connected by this tragedy,” Christopher, one of his sons, says. And he adds that they do hope to meet her one day.
“Someday we hope we can meet you, hug you and tell you that it’s okay,” he says.
Mark Berman is a reporter on the National staff. He runs Post Nation, a destination for breaking news and developing stories from around the country.

Freedom from Speech  by Greg Lukianoff (FIRE)By Eugene Volokh September 15 Follow @volokhc
I just read the book — labeled a “Broadside,” since it’s only about about 9,000 words long — and liked it very much. Here’s an excerpt:
The increased calls for sensitivity-based censorship represent the dark side of what are otherwise several positive developments for human civilization. As I will explain in the next section, I believe that we are not passing through some temporary phase in which an out-of-touch and hypersensitive elite attempts — and often fails — to impose its speech-restrictive norms on society. It’s worse than that: people all over the globe are coming to expect emotional and intellectual comfort as though it were a right. This is precisely what you would expect when you train a generation to believe that they have a right not to be offended. Eventually, they stop demanding freedom of speech and start demanding freedom from speech.
To be crystal clear, I am in no way absolving higher education of its culpability in exacerbating the movement against free speech. Higher education deserves profound criticism for maintaining and promoting illiberal and unconstitutional speech codes and punishing students and faculty for what they say. However, I believe the even greater failure of higher education is neglecting to teach the intellectual habits that promote debate and discussion, tolerance for views we hate, epistemic humility, and genuine pluralism. I will spend most of the following pages discussing how the rise of “disinvitation season” on campus and the mounting calls for “trigger warnings” represent an increasingly suffocating environment for speech on campus. If, as I suspect, this push for freedom from speech is something like a predictable and natural (if pernicious) force, the single institution that could be doing the most to combat it is higher education, both within and outside the United States. Unfortunately, far from teaching the intellectual discipline that welcomes a free and robust exchange of ideas, campuses are actively accelerating the push for freedom from speech.
Here’s another passage that particular interests me, given my interest in slippery slopes (paragraph break added):
Critics might dismiss my and others’ concerns about what trigger warnings represent as a slippery-slope fallacy. But if there is one thing that I have discovered in fighting for free speech on campus, it is that when it comes to limitations on speech and the uniquely sensitive environment of college campuses, the slope is genuinely perilously slick. In my career, I have seen harassment rationales — meant to prevent misogynists from forcing women out of jobs through constant abuse — being invoked to justify censoring everything from quoting popular television shows to faintly implying criticism of a university’s hockey coach to publicly reading a book.
The slippery slope of censorship is demonstrably not a fallacy on campus. When students take advantage of a psychological term developed to help those traumatized in the ghastly trenches of World War I justify being protected from The Great Gatsby, sleepwalker statues, and, as the Oberlin policy specified, Chinua Achebe, it becomes clear that there is virtually no limit to the demands that will be made if we universalize an expectation of intellectual comfort. Other critics see where this is headed, as well. As Professor Roff wrote in the article mentioned above, “since triggers are a contagious phenomenon, there will never be enough trigger warnings to keep up with them.”
Eugene Volokh teaches free speech law, religious freedom law, church-state relations law, a First Amendment Amicus Brief Clinic, and tort law, at UCLA School of Law, where he has also often taught copyright law, criminal law, and a seminar on firearms regulation policy.

Consider giving ex-gratia for flood-hit people: SC to Kashmir governmentConsider giving ex-gratia for flood-hit people: SC to Kashmir government
Nissan India s festive season offers!Nissan India s festive season offers!
Nissan India s festive season offers!Nissan India s festive season offers!
Hafiz Saeed free to roam in Pak : Pak High CommissionerHafiz Saeed free to roam in Pak : Pak High Commissioner
ANI | New Delhi Sep 15, 2014 04:04 PM IST
Pakistan High Commissioner Abdul Basit on Monday said Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) chief Hafeez Saeed, who is the prime accused in the 2008 Mumbai terror attack case, is free to roam in his nation.
Speaking at a conference organised by Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM), Basit said, "Hafiz Saeed is a Pakistan national, he is free to roam the country. What is the problem?"
Basit's statements came in response to reports that Saeed was in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK).
Though initially kept under house arrest, a ruling by the Lahore High Court set him free.
Saeed had last week said that India was responsible for the floods in Kashmir.
"India has used water to attack Pakistan, We are in state of War. India's water aggression must be taken to the UN security council," he wrote on twitter.

Hafiz Saeed free to roam in Pak : Pak High CommissionerHafiz Saeed free to roam in Pak : Pak High Commissioner
ANI | New Delhi Sep 15, 2014 04:04 PM IST
Pakistan High Commissioner Abdul Basit on Monday said Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) chief Hafeez Saeed, who is the prime accused in the 2008 Mumbai terror attack case, is free to roam in his nation.
Speaking at a conference organised by Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry of India (ASSOCHAM), Basit said, "Hafiz Saeed is a Pakistan national, he is free to roam the country. What is the problem?"
Basit's statements came in response to reports that Saeed was in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK).
Though initially kept under house arrest, a ruling by the Lahore High Court set him free.
Saeed had last week said that India was responsible for the floods in Kashmir.
"India has used water to attack Pakistan, We are in state of War. India's water aggression must be taken to the UN security council," he wrote on twitter.

As India gears up for Xi visit  Chinese civilians intrude into LadakhChina, India in border skirmish ahead of Xi visit
Shishir Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 15, 2014
First Published: 20:34 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:15 IST(16/9/2014)
Comments
The Chinese are at it again. Days before President Xi Jinping's arrival in India, possibly with promises of huge investments, his troops were locked eyeball-to-eyeball last week with Indian security forces, an incident serious enough to be escalated to PM Narendra Modi's office.
The face-off started on September 10 around the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in the Chumar sector of eastern Ladakh, an area which has seen a big increase in Chinese activity this year. According to authoritative government sources, a mixed patrol of Indian Army and Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) troops saw more than 200 Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) troops with 12 heavy vehicles including cranes, bulldozers and a Hummer trying to level a rivulet and construct a temporary road two kilometres into Indian territory.
Read: Investment on agenda: 'Hindi-Chini buy buy' could be a reality
According to the army assessment, this was part of a PLA plan to build a road connecting Manza and Kyenjung outposts on the Chinese side of the LAC with Chepzi on the Indian side and install a surveillance camera for area domination and patrolling.
In no mood to allow this, Indian forces confronted the PLA and asked them to withdraw, resulting in no fewer than seven face-offs and even shouting matches. Some 15-20 metres of the temporary track was demolished by the Indian forces during the night of September 10 using heavy equipment.
The latest incident highlights the bitter differences between the two Asian giants despite the likely bonhomie that will mark Xi's first Indian visit. Modi is flying to Ahmedabad to meet Xi, who lands on Wednesday — incidentally the Indian leader's birthday.
Read: India says boundary issue will be discussed during Xi's visit
More than 130 Indian troops and 230 Chinese were involved in last week's standoff with additional men brought in on both sides as the situation threatened to deteriorate rapidly.  But both sides backed off, with the Chinese deploying two surveillance helicopters to confirm whether the Indian Army troopers had withdrawn to its original position. The whole incident spanned five days.
"The Chinese PLA have increased their troop strength  seven to nine times in Chumar over the past year and are involved in construction activity across the disputed LAC," said a senior South Block official, adding that between January and August, there had been 42 intrusions by the Chinese compared with nine transgressions during the same period last year.
Despite Indian efforts to exchange maps in the disputed eastern Ladakh or western sector with the Chinese side, Beijing has refused to exchange positions since 2002.

As India gears up for Xi visit  Chinese civilians intrude into LadakhChina, India in border skirmish ahead of Xi visit
Shishir Gupta , Hindustan Times  New Delhi, September 15, 2014
First Published: 20:34 IST(15/9/2014) | Last Updated: 14:15 IST(16/9/2014)
Comments
The Chinese are at it again. Days before President Xi Jinping's arrival in India, possibly with promises of huge investments, his troops were locked eyeball-to-eyeball last week with Indian security forces, an incident serious enough to be escalated to PM Narendra Modi's office.
The face-off started on September 10 around the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in the Chumar sector of eastern Ladakh, an area which has seen a big increase in Chinese activity this year. According to authoritative government sources, a mixed patrol of Indian Army and Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) troops saw more than 200 Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) troops with 12 heavy vehicles including cranes, bulldozers and a Hummer trying to level a rivulet and construct a temporary road two kilometres into Indian territory.
Read: Investment on agenda: 'Hindi-Chini buy buy' could be a reality
According to the army assessment, this was part of a PLA plan to build a road connecting Manza and Kyenjung outposts on the Chinese side of the LAC with Chepzi on the Indian side and install a surveillance camera for area domination and patrolling.
In no mood to allow this, Indian forces confronted the PLA and asked them to withdraw, resulting in no fewer than seven face-offs and even shouting matches. Some 15-20 metres of the temporary track was demolished by the Indian forces during the night of September 10 using heavy equipment.
The latest incident highlights the bitter differences between the two Asian giants despite the likely bonhomie that will mark Xi's first Indian visit. Modi is flying to Ahmedabad to meet Xi, who lands on Wednesday — incidentally the Indian leader's birthday.
Read: India says boundary issue will be discussed during Xi's visit
More than 130 Indian troops and 230 Chinese were involved in last week's standoff with additional men brought in on both sides as the situation threatened to deteriorate rapidly.  But both sides backed off, with the Chinese deploying two surveillance helicopters to confirm whether the Indian Army troopers had withdrawn to its original position. The whole incident spanned five days.
"The Chinese PLA have increased their troop strength  seven to nine times in Chumar over the past year and are involved in construction activity across the disputed LAC," said a senior South Block official, adding that between January and August, there had been 42 intrusions by the Chinese compared with nine transgressions during the same period last year.
Despite Indian efforts to exchange maps in the disputed eastern Ladakh or western sector with the Chinese side, Beijing has refused to exchange positions since 2002.

4 Students Hurt  at Least 1 Seriously  in Lab FirePeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

4 Students Hurt  at Least 1 Seriously  in Lab FirePeople in Buffalo, New York are still digging themselves out from under several feet of snow, even as another wintery...
Gary Wiepert/AP Photo

The case for walking or cycling (or taking the train) to workBy Abby Phillip September 15 Follow @abbydphillip
This could be you. (John Kelly/The Washington Post)
Your commute is making you unhappy, and you probably didn't need a scientific study to tell you that.
In 2000, 76 percent of Americans drove to work alone every day . In addition to the frustrations of rush-hour traffic, those commutes also tend to be longer and start earlier in the morning than, say, walking or biking to work, according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Not to mention that fitting in a few minutes of activity before and after work can come with some important physical health benefits.
A new study makes an additional case for at least considering a change in your means of getting to your 9-to-5. British researchers at the University of East Anglia found that walkers and bikers reported positive psychological effects from getting a little fresh air and moderate exercise on their way to work.
The study, published in the journal Preventive Medicine , found that people who went from another mode of transportation to walking or cycling reported improvements in their well-being — specifically, they felt that they were able to concentrate more at work and were under less strain that when they traveled by car.
"Our study shows that the longer people spend commuting in cars, the worse their psychological well-being," Adam Martin, the study's lead researcher, said in a statement. "And correspondingly, people feel better when they have a longer walk to work."
The data was taken from a longitudinal survey of nearly 18,000 commuters in Britain, and the findings were controlled for factors like income, having children, moving houses or jobs, and relationship changes.
There are a lot of reasons why, despite the perceived benefits, walking or cycling to work might not be feasible for a lot of commuters.
In the United States, people who are younger and childless and live in walkable communities such as  cities tend to walk or cycle to work. Biking or walking aren't really good fits for traveling long distances.
But even when walking or cycling aren't viable options, the British study found that there were benefits to using public transportation instead of driving.
People who commuted by train or bus used that time to relax, read or decompress before work, even if those commutes can also be crowded .
"You might think that things like disruption to services or crowds of commuters might have been a cause of considerable stress," said Martin, who is a researcher at the University of East Anglia's Norwich Medical School. "But as buses or trains also give people time to relax, read, socialize, and there is usually an associated walk to the bus stop or railway station, it appears to cheer people up."

The case for walking or cycling (or taking the train) to workBy Abby Phillip September 15 Follow @abbydphillip
This could be you. (John Kelly/The Washington Post)
Your commute is making you unhappy, and you probably didn't need a scientific study to tell you that.
In 2000, 76 percent of Americans drove to work alone every day . In addition to the frustrations of rush-hour traffic, those commutes also tend to be longer and start earlier in the morning than, say, walking or biking to work, according to the U.S. Census Bureau . Not to mention that fitting in a few minutes of activity before and after work can come with some important physical health benefits.
A new study makes an additional case for at least considering a change in your means of getting to your 9-to-5. British researchers at the University of East Anglia found that walkers and bikers reported positive psychological effects from getting a little fresh air and moderate exercise on their way to work.
The study, published in the journal Preventive Medicine , found that people who went from another mode of transportation to walking or cycling reported improvements in their well-being — specifically, they felt that they were able to concentrate more at work and were under less strain that when they traveled by car.
"Our study shows that the longer people spend commuting in cars, the worse their psychological well-being," Adam Martin, the study's lead researcher, said in a statement. "And correspondingly, people feel better when they have a longer walk to work."
The data was taken from a longitudinal survey of nearly 18,000 commuters in Britain, and the findings were controlled for factors like income, having children, moving houses or jobs, and relationship changes.
There are a lot of reasons why, despite the perceived benefits, walking or cycling to work might not be feasible for a lot of commuters.
In the United States, people who are younger and childless and live in walkable communities such as  cities tend to walk or cycle to work. Biking or walking aren't really good fits for traveling long distances.
But even when walking or cycling aren't viable options, the British study found that there were benefits to using public transportation instead of driving.
People who commuted by train or bus used that time to relax, read or decompress before work, even if those commutes can also be crowded .
"You might think that things like disruption to services or crowds of commuters might have been a cause of considerable stress," said Martin, who is a researcher at the University of East Anglia's Norwich Medical School. "But as buses or trains also give people time to relax, read, socialize, and there is usually an associated walk to the bus stop or railway station, it appears to cheer people up."

Alibabas IPO hasnt happened yet  but its already landed a punch on AmazonSeptember 15, 2014
Alibaba hasn’t even gone public yet and it’s already creating headaches for Amazon.
Amazon’s stock price has been having an uncharacteristically rough year, in part due to a bout of  investor fatigue with its post-profit business model. But it’s down almost 3% today, and this time, Alibaba’s IPO is probably to blame.
Not because investors are worried that a cashed-up Alibaba is going to launch an incursion onto Amazon’s turf in the US and Europe, and wrest customers away from the e-commerce giant, although eventually that could happen too  (paywall). Rather, there are simple supply and demand dynamics at work, not Amazon’s products and services but for stocks.
Alibaba, the Chinese internet colossus, is expected to pull off the biggest IPO in history this week. It will sell more than $21 billion of stock, according to Renaissance Capital. The thing is, as MarketWatch points out , big investors need to free up capital to participate in the IPO. To do this, they are likely to sell shares of US e-commerce companies (to avoid over-exposure to the sector).  For better or worse , the closest comparable company  to Alibaba in the US is Amazon. Ebay’s share price also is under pressure of late.
On an operational level, should Amazon be worried about Alibaba? Maybe over the long term. Alibaba doesn’t really have a presence in the US at the moment, although it could use the large and growing Chinese diaspora to expand there (and in Europe) by stealth. Meanwhile, Amazon’s web services arm has been seeking a toehold in China.
But for the most part, Alibaba’s future growth is going to be closely tied to the Chinese market,  just as Amazon’s future growth is going to depend heavily on the US. Amazon and Alibaba aren’t direct competitors in e-commerce yet, and they might never be, but this week is going to show that they can be competitors for investors’ attention, and capital.
Share this:

Alibabas IPO hasnt happened yet  but its already landed a punch on AmazonSeptember 15, 2014
Alibaba hasn’t even gone public yet and it’s already creating headaches for Amazon.
Amazon’s stock price has been having an uncharacteristically rough year, in part due to a bout of  investor fatigue with its post-profit business model. But it’s down almost 3% today, and this time, Alibaba’s IPO is probably to blame.
Not because investors are worried that a cashed-up Alibaba is going to launch an incursion onto Amazon’s turf in the US and Europe, and wrest customers away from the e-commerce giant, although eventually that could happen too  (paywall). Rather, there are simple supply and demand dynamics at work, not Amazon’s products and services but for stocks.
Alibaba, the Chinese internet colossus, is expected to pull off the biggest IPO in history this week. It will sell more than $21 billion of stock, according to Renaissance Capital. The thing is, as MarketWatch points out , big investors need to free up capital to participate in the IPO. To do this, they are likely to sell shares of US e-commerce companies (to avoid over-exposure to the sector).  For better or worse , the closest comparable company  to Alibaba in the US is Amazon. Ebay’s share price also is under pressure of late.
On an operational level, should Amazon be worried about Alibaba? Maybe over the long term. Alibaba doesn’t really have a presence in the US at the moment, although it could use the large and growing Chinese diaspora to expand there (and in Europe) by stealth. Meanwhile, Amazon’s web services arm has been seeking a toehold in China.
But for the most part, Alibaba’s future growth is going to be closely tied to the Chinese market,  just as Amazon’s future growth is going to depend heavily on the US. Amazon and Alibaba aren’t direct competitors in e-commerce yet, and they might never be, but this week is going to show that they can be competitors for investors’ attention, and capital.
Share this:

Tata Elxsi s chief financial officer Sudha Madhavan resignsTata Elxsi s chief financial officer Sudha Madhavan resigns
Tata Elxsi s chief financial officer Sudha Madhavan resignsTata Elxsi s chief financial officer Sudha Madhavan resigns
Gemfields turns to Sri Lanka for sapphiresGemfields turns to Sri Lanka for sapphires
By Michael Kavanagh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ef727b02-3ce4-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Gemfields turns to Sri Lanka for sapphiresGemfields turns to Sri Lanka for sapphires
By Michael Kavanagh
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/ef727b02-3ce4-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Banks  commission for DBT scheme to be doubledYou are here: Home > Collections > Dbt
Government to soon double banks' commission for direct benefit transfer scheme to 2 per cent
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 10.02PM IST
Tags:
Banks
(The government transfers…)
MUMBAI: Finance Ministry is in the process of finalising the commission to banks at 2 per cent of the quantum of funds they transfer to individual beneficiaries under the government's direct benefit transfer (DBT) scheme.
"The issue of commission is in the final stages and the order will be issued for paying 2 per cent commission to banks shortly," Anurag Jain, joint secretary (financial inclusion and chief vigilance officer) in Finance Ministry said at a Ficci-organised banking summit through video conferencing this evening.
The present rate of commission is 1 per cent. The government transfers money to the bank account of consumers of kerosene, LPG, among others, through its direct benefit transfer scheme to plug loopholes and ensure corruption free delivery.
Many analysts have been calling for limiting the subsidy deliveries, including PDS food grains, through the Aadhaar-linked bank accounts to curb corruption and ensure better delivery.
While speaking to reporters later, Indian Bank Association chief executive MV Tanksale said, "For all accounts whether under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana or otherwise, if subsidy is routed through the DBT scheme, 2 per cent of the total amount will be given to banks as administration cost."
This money will not be deducted from the consumers account but the government will spend additional 2 per cent. For instance, if a bank transfers Rs 100 crore a year as DBT payments, government will transfer Rs 102 crore to that bank.
He said the government has already approved 1 per cent commission for banks for every transaction under the DBT.
"We said our cost is 3 per cent (for every transaction under DBT) and they have agreed on 2 per cent," Tanksale said.
Earlier in the day, addressing the same event, the Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan had laid emphasis upon the need for banks to make all social sector mandates, given by the government, financially sustainable.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Banks  commission for DBT scheme to be doubledYou are here: Home > Collections > Dbt
Government to soon double banks' commission for direct benefit transfer scheme to 2 per cent
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 10.02PM IST
Tags:
Banks
(The government transfers…)
MUMBAI: Finance Ministry is in the process of finalising the commission to banks at 2 per cent of the quantum of funds they transfer to individual beneficiaries under the government's direct benefit transfer (DBT) scheme.
"The issue of commission is in the final stages and the order will be issued for paying 2 per cent commission to banks shortly," Anurag Jain, joint secretary (financial inclusion and chief vigilance officer) in Finance Ministry said at a Ficci-organised banking summit through video conferencing this evening.
The present rate of commission is 1 per cent. The government transfers money to the bank account of consumers of kerosene, LPG, among others, through its direct benefit transfer scheme to plug loopholes and ensure corruption free delivery.
Many analysts have been calling for limiting the subsidy deliveries, including PDS food grains, through the Aadhaar-linked bank accounts to curb corruption and ensure better delivery.
While speaking to reporters later, Indian Bank Association chief executive MV Tanksale said, "For all accounts whether under Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana or otherwise, if subsidy is routed through the DBT scheme, 2 per cent of the total amount will be given to banks as administration cost."
This money will not be deducted from the consumers account but the government will spend additional 2 per cent. For instance, if a bank transfers Rs 100 crore a year as DBT payments, government will transfer Rs 102 crore to that bank.
He said the government has already approved 1 per cent commission for banks for every transaction under the DBT.
"We said our cost is 3 per cent (for every transaction under DBT) and they have agreed on 2 per cent," Tanksale said.
Earlier in the day, addressing the same event, the Reserve Bank Governor Raghuram Rajan had laid emphasis upon the need for banks to make all social sector mandates, given by the government, financially sustainable.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Apple set for blockbuster iPhone 6 launchSeptember 15, 2014 2:15 pm
Apple set for blockbuster iPhone 6 launch
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco and Richard Blackden in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/986a7fa0-3cd8-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Apple set for blockbuster iPhone 6 launchSeptember 15, 2014 2:15 pm
Apple set for blockbuster iPhone 6 launch
By Tim Bradshaw in San Francisco and Richard Blackden in New York
You have viewed your allowance of free articles. If you wish to view more, click the button below.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and 'Financial Times' are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd.
SHARE THIS QUOTE
Tweet this quote
Printed from: http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/986a7fa0-3cd8-11e4-871d-00144feabdc0.html
Print a single copy of this article for personal use. Contact us if you wish to print more to distribute to others.
© The Financial Times Ltd 2014 FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Privacy policy | Terms | Copyright

Trade Gap at 4-Month High; Export Growth Slows to 2.35% in AugustNew Delhi: Growth rate of India's exports slipped to a five-month low of 2.35 per cent in August at $26.95 billion, pushing the trade deficit to $10.83 billion.
Gold imports jumped significantly to $2.03 billion last month from $738.7 million a year ago.
The Federation of Indian Export Organisations attributed the poor performance of exports to the slowdown in European markets.
"The situation in EU is still bad. The exporters are waiting for the new foreign trade policy. We are expecting measures to boost exports," said Rafeeq Ahmed, president of exporters body FIEO.
Trade deficit in August was highest in the last four months. It was $10 billion in April when exports had recorded a low growth of 5.26 per cent.
According to the Ministry of Commerce and Industry data, overall imports grew only 2.08 per cent to $37.79 billion.
Exports in May and June had registered a growth of 12.4 per cent and 10.22 per cent respectively. In July, export growth slipped further to 7.33 per cent.
For the April-August period - the first five months of the current fiscal year, exports have grown 7.31 per cent to $134.79 billion.
Imports, however, have dipped 2.69 per cent to USD 190.94 billion.
Trade deficit during the five months has reached $56.15 billion, lower than $70.6 billion in the year-ago period.
Oil imports declined 14.97 per cent in August to $12.83 billion. However, non-oil imports during the month were up 13.82 per cent at $24.95 billion.
Story first published on: September 15, 2014 21:30 (IST)

Counting for Gujarat bypolls on Tuesday  CM Patel faces acid testSep 15, 2014 at 09:53pm IST
Counting for Gujarat bypolls on Tuesday, CM Patel faces acid test
4
0
Ahmedabad: Counting of votes for nine Assembly and one Lok Sabha seats in the state will be held on Tuesday, with stakes being high for BJP and the state chief minister Anandi Patel, who succeeded Narendra Modi, facing a litmus test of her leadership to check opposition Congress.
A total of 45 candidates were in the fray for nine Assembly seats while four contestants were vying to win Vadodara seat, which was vacated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi who has retained Varanasi Lok Sabha seat.
However, the direct fight is between BJP and Congress which is trying to leverage absence of Modi in the state to its advantage. The Assembly seats include Maninagar, vacated by Modi as MLA, Deesa, Tankara, Khambhaila, Mangrol, Talaja, Anand, Matar and Talaja -- all held by BJP.
The state recorded a 50.95 per cent voter turnout in the bypolls held on September 13.
#gujarat #gujarat bypolls #anandiben patel #narendra modi
The state recorded a 50.95 per cent voter turnout in the bypolls held on September 13. The by-elections became necessary as sitting BJP MLAs resigned from their seats after being elected as MPs in recently concluded Lok Sabha elections.
Patel, the first woman chief minister of the state, had made whirlwind campaigning for BJP for the byelections.
1

Kerala: CPM trying to sabotage murder case  says BJP11
0
Kozhikode: BJP Kerala unit General Secretary K Surendran on Monday alleged that CPI(M) was trying to sabotage the probe being conducted into the murder of RSS functionary Manoj at Kathirir in Kannur district recently.
Speaking to reporters, Surendran alleged that a top leader of the district CPI(M) had threatened a police official in the crime branch team which is probing the case.
He demanded the arrest of the district CPI(M) leader for threatening the police official. BJP would organise two zonal rally's from September 23 to 25, he said, adding, party state President V Muraleedharan would lead one  rally beginning from Uduma in Kasargod district to Kannur, while the other from Koilandy to Kannur would be led by PK Krishnadas, former BJP State President.
BJP Kerala unit General Secretary K Surendran alleged that a top leader of the district CPI(M) had threatened a police official in the crime branch team which is probing the case.
Both the rally's would culminate at Kannur on Sept 25, he said.
5

Centre asks J&K government for daily report on flood reliefSep 15, 2014 at  09:56pm IST
Centre asks J&K government for daily report on flood relief
5
0
New Delhi: The National Crisis Management Committee under the Chairmanship of Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth on Monday reviewed the situation in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir and asked the state government to provide daily report on relief and rehabilitation assistance.
The Centre asked the state government to provide a daily report to ensure there were no gaps in distribution on the ground, an official release said after the meeting.
The representatives of the state government briefed the NCMC about the current situation in the state. The NCMC was informed that the supply of dry ration, drinking water, blankets and medicines is being made to the state regularly through all available means of transportation.
The Centre asked the state government to provide a daily report to ensure there were no gaps in distribution on the ground, an official release said.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #jammu and kashmir government #floods
The secretaries and representatives of the Ministries/Departments of Telecom, Power, Civil Aviation, Food & Consumer Affairs, Industry, Textiles, Railways, Health, Petroleum, Road Transport & Highways, Home, Defence, Border Roads Organisation and Indian Meteorological Department briefed the Committee about the relief being extended by respective Ministries/Departments for helping the people of Jammu and Kashmir, the release added.
6

Centre asks J&K government for daily report on flood reliefSep 15, 2014 at  09:56pm IST
Centre asks J&K government for daily report on flood relief
5
0
New Delhi: The National Crisis Management Committee under the Chairmanship of Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth on Monday reviewed the situation in flood-hit Jammu and Kashmir and asked the state government to provide daily report on relief and rehabilitation assistance.
The Centre asked the state government to provide a daily report to ensure there were no gaps in distribution on the ground, an official release said after the meeting.
The representatives of the state government briefed the NCMC about the current situation in the state. The NCMC was informed that the supply of dry ration, drinking water, blankets and medicines is being made to the state regularly through all available means of transportation.
The Centre asked the state government to provide a daily report to ensure there were no gaps in distribution on the ground, an official release said.
#jammu and kashmir #jammu and kashmir floods #jammu and kashmir government #floods
The secretaries and representatives of the Ministries/Departments of Telecom, Power, Civil Aviation, Food & Consumer Affairs, Industry, Textiles, Railways, Health, Petroleum, Road Transport & Highways, Home, Defence, Border Roads Organisation and Indian Meteorological Department briefed the Committee about the relief being extended by respective Ministries/Departments for helping the people of Jammu and Kashmir, the release added.
6

Mumbai: Former police officer refused bail in Sohrabuddin case10
0
Mumbai: The special CBI court, which is hearing the cases related to police encounter killings of Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati, on Monday rejected the bail application of a former officer of Rajasthan police.
Judge BH Loya refused bail to Rehman Khan who was a police inspector at the time of encounter of Sheikh. As per the original FIR registered by Khan, there was an exchange of fire between the police and Sheikh.
According to CBI, which claims that Khan had fired two rounds at Sheikh, the encounter was fake. The court had earlier rejected the bail application of Gujarat police inspector NH Dhabi too.
Judge BH Loya refused bail to Rehman Khan who was a police inspector at the time of encounter of Sheikh.
#sohrabuddin sheikh #tulsiram prajapati #sohrabuddin fake encounter case #rajasthan police
CBI has charge-sheeted BJP president Amit Shah, the then Minister of state for Home of Gujarat, and 37 others, including several police officers, for the two encounters which it says were fake.
According to CBI, gangster Sohrabuddin, who allegedly had links with Pakistan-based terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba, and his wife Kauser Bi were abducted by Gujarat's Anti-Terrorism Squad on their way from Hyderabad to Sangli in Maharashtra, and killed in a staged encounter near Gandhinagar in November, 2005.
Prajapati, an eyewitness to the encounter, was allegedly killed by police at Chapri village in Banaskantha district of Gujarat in December 2006.
1

Mumbai: Former police officer refused bail in Sohrabuddin case10
0
Mumbai: The special CBI court, which is hearing the cases related to police encounter killings of Sohrabuddin Sheikh and Tulsiram Prajapati, on Monday rejected the bail application of a former officer of Rajasthan police.
Judge BH Loya refused bail to Rehman Khan who was a police inspector at the time of encounter of Sheikh. As per the original FIR registered by Khan, there was an exchange of fire between the police and Sheikh.
According to CBI, which claims that Khan had fired two rounds at Sheikh, the encounter was fake. The court had earlier rejected the bail application of Gujarat police inspector NH Dhabi too.
Judge BH Loya refused bail to Rehman Khan who was a police inspector at the time of encounter of Sheikh.
#sohrabuddin sheikh #tulsiram prajapati #sohrabuddin fake encounter case #rajasthan police
CBI has charge-sheeted BJP president Amit Shah, the then Minister of state for Home of Gujarat, and 37 others, including several police officers, for the two encounters which it says were fake.
According to CBI, gangster Sohrabuddin, who allegedly had links with Pakistan-based terror group Lashkar-e-Taiba, and his wife Kauser Bi were abducted by Gujarat's Anti-Terrorism Squad on their way from Hyderabad to Sangli in Maharashtra, and killed in a staged encounter near Gandhinagar in November, 2005.
Prajapati, an eyewitness to the encounter, was allegedly killed by police at Chapri village in Banaskantha district of Gujarat in December 2006.
1

Nightmare in Paradise: Hurricane Slams Celebrity Resortnightmare in paradise: hurricane slams celebrity resort
Nightmare in Paradise: Hurricane Slams Celebrity Resortnightmare in paradise: hurricane slams celebrity resort
Boutique hotel planned for South LoopHotel, data center pitched for disputed land
McHugh hotel plan
James McHugh Construction
James McHugh Construction released renderings to the Tribune ahead of a Monday night meeting with South Loop residents on a planned boutique hotel in the South Loop.
James McHugh Construction released renderings to the Tribune ahead of a Monday night meeting with South Loop residents on a planned boutique hotel in the South Loop. (James McHugh Construction)
Renderings of new hotel, data center in South Loop released
Final piece of the McCormick Place redevelopment plans revealed
A Chicago developer is moving forward to put a boutique hotel, data center and retail in the South Loop, the final piece of a massive redevelopment in the next few years.
James McHugh Construction officials are hoping the new plan will resolve a year-old lawsuit seeking to force the firm to sell the land to the city. Work could begin in the next few months, officials said.
McCormick Place Boutique hotel map
@ChiTribGraphics
@ChiTribGraphics
Originally, the city and the Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, a state-city agency known as McPier, wanted to build a 1,200-room hotel on the property as part of a proposed $600 million redevelopment of the surrounding Motor Row district into an entertainment destination. But when the contested land became tangled in litigation, McPier opted to build a Marriott Marquis a few blocks east at Cermak and Prairie Avenue. Agency officials said they hoped to find a private developer for a boutique hotel on the contested land once the lawsuit was resolved.
The caveat was that the boutique hotel would have to be privately developed for the McCormick Place redevelopment project to stay on budget.
McHugh's new offer to add a 28-story, 500-room hotel on the disputed land at Cermak and Indiana, in addition to a long-planned data center, could satisfy the city's goals, while still securing the data center McHugh has been planning.
"When the headquarters hotel moved, we saw an opportunity that we could work out a scenario where everybody wins," said Michael Meagher, McHugh Construction senior vice president. He said the firm has an agreement with the city that the lawsuit will "go away" if the city approves the project. McHugh officals are scheduled to go before the Chicago Plan Commission on Thursday, and if their plans are approved, they could present their plans to the Chicago City Council in early October.
Sounds like a good compromise to me.
jhanzel
1
Tina Feldstein, president of the Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance, a local residents group, said many of those she's talked to feel good about the proposal.
"It made perfect sense that (McHugh) would strike a deal with the city to build the hotel and also find a way to get his data center," Feldstein said. "So this hot debate between the city and McHugh turned into a deal."
A spokesperson for the city could not be reached for comment.
McHugh Construction called architect Joe Antunovich, president of Antunovich Associates, about four months ago to start working on a design, Antunovich said. Keeping the city's wishes in mind, he designed a boutique hotel, adding to the large number of hotels already planned for the city, including the 1,200-room Marriott just two blocks east.
Antunovich said his hotel would offer extended stay options and that it would be similar to a Hilton Garden Inn.
The six-story data center McHugh has been planning would be pushed south to mid-block on Indiana, with its entrance in the adjacent historic Rambler building, which would be renovated. The Rambler building would be used for parking for the data center and hotel, he said, adding concrete and ramps indoors, as well as an elevator.
Artwork, retail and restaurants would wrap around the corner from Indiana to Cermak, Antunovich said.
"We're really trying very hard to activate that corner," Antunovich said, "and activate a new gateway to this historic district that's had trouble getting on its feet."
Antunovich said the plan is to break ground on the data center by mid-November and to begin construction of the hotel sometime mid-2015. The data center would be finished in January 2016 and the hotel would be ready for guests by mid-2017.
A collaboration between the city, DePaul University and McPier aims to redevelop the historic Motor Row district into an entertainment destination. The project has been approved and will include a new 10,000-seat basketball arena for DePaul, the 1,200-room Marriott Marquis hotel at Cermak and Prairie Avenue, the rehabilitation of the American Book Co. building into meeting rooms and retail, and an additional data center.
The city gave $55 million in tax increment financing to McPier for the project. McPier, which will pay for the majority of the $600 million project, plans to finance it mostly with bonds backed by hotel revenues. McPier officials have said they hope to break ground on the two-year project early next year.

Boutique hotel planned for South LoopHotel, data center pitched for disputed land
McHugh hotel plan
James McHugh Construction
James McHugh Construction released renderings to the Tribune ahead of a Monday night meeting with South Loop residents on a planned boutique hotel in the South Loop.
James McHugh Construction released renderings to the Tribune ahead of a Monday night meeting with South Loop residents on a planned boutique hotel in the South Loop. (James McHugh Construction)
Renderings of new hotel, data center in South Loop released
Final piece of the McCormick Place redevelopment plans revealed
A Chicago developer is moving forward to put a boutique hotel, data center and retail in the South Loop, the final piece of a massive redevelopment in the next few years.
James McHugh Construction officials are hoping the new plan will resolve a year-old lawsuit seeking to force the firm to sell the land to the city. Work could begin in the next few months, officials said.
McCormick Place Boutique hotel map
@ChiTribGraphics
@ChiTribGraphics
Originally, the city and the Metropolitan Pier and Exposition Authority, a state-city agency known as McPier, wanted to build a 1,200-room hotel on the property as part of a proposed $600 million redevelopment of the surrounding Motor Row district into an entertainment destination. But when the contested land became tangled in litigation, McPier opted to build a Marriott Marquis a few blocks east at Cermak and Prairie Avenue. Agency officials said they hoped to find a private developer for a boutique hotel on the contested land once the lawsuit was resolved.
The caveat was that the boutique hotel would have to be privately developed for the McCormick Place redevelopment project to stay on budget.
McHugh's new offer to add a 28-story, 500-room hotel on the disputed land at Cermak and Indiana, in addition to a long-planned data center, could satisfy the city's goals, while still securing the data center McHugh has been planning.
"When the headquarters hotel moved, we saw an opportunity that we could work out a scenario where everybody wins," said Michael Meagher, McHugh Construction senior vice president. He said the firm has an agreement with the city that the lawsuit will "go away" if the city approves the project. McHugh officals are scheduled to go before the Chicago Plan Commission on Thursday, and if their plans are approved, they could present their plans to the Chicago City Council in early October.
Sounds like a good compromise to me.
jhanzel
1
Tina Feldstein, president of the Prairie District Neighborhood Alliance, a local residents group, said many of those she's talked to feel good about the proposal.
"It made perfect sense that (McHugh) would strike a deal with the city to build the hotel and also find a way to get his data center," Feldstein said. "So this hot debate between the city and McHugh turned into a deal."
A spokesperson for the city could not be reached for comment.
McHugh Construction called architect Joe Antunovich, president of Antunovich Associates, about four months ago to start working on a design, Antunovich said. Keeping the city's wishes in mind, he designed a boutique hotel, adding to the large number of hotels already planned for the city, including the 1,200-room Marriott just two blocks east.
Antunovich said his hotel would offer extended stay options and that it would be similar to a Hilton Garden Inn.
The six-story data center McHugh has been planning would be pushed south to mid-block on Indiana, with its entrance in the adjacent historic Rambler building, which would be renovated. The Rambler building would be used for parking for the data center and hotel, he said, adding concrete and ramps indoors, as well as an elevator.
Artwork, retail and restaurants would wrap around the corner from Indiana to Cermak, Antunovich said.
"We're really trying very hard to activate that corner," Antunovich said, "and activate a new gateway to this historic district that's had trouble getting on its feet."
Antunovich said the plan is to break ground on the data center by mid-November and to begin construction of the hotel sometime mid-2015. The data center would be finished in January 2016 and the hotel would be ready for guests by mid-2017.
A collaboration between the city, DePaul University and McPier aims to redevelop the historic Motor Row district into an entertainment destination. The project has been approved and will include a new 10,000-seat basketball arena for DePaul, the 1,200-room Marriott Marquis hotel at Cermak and Prairie Avenue, the rehabilitation of the American Book Co. building into meeting rooms and retail, and an additional data center.
The city gave $55 million in tax increment financing to McPier for the project. McPier, which will pay for the majority of the $600 million project, plans to finance it mostly with bonds backed by hotel revenues. McPier officials have said they hope to break ground on the two-year project early next year.

Kent State scolds Urban Outfitters  red splattered sweatshirtKent State scolds Urban Outfitters' red-spattered sweatshirt
Kent State sweatshirt
Urban Outfitter via Bloomberg News
A Kent State sweatshirt with red spots offered for sale on Urban Outfitters' website.
A Kent State sweatshirt with red spots offered for sale on Urban Outfitters' website. (Urban Outfitter via Bloomberg News)
Tribune staff report
Urban Outfitters apologizes for "bloody" Kent State sweatshirt.
Urban Outfitters says Kent State sweatshirt no longer on sale was "part of our sun-faded vintage collection."
Kent State University and many on the Internet criticized Urban Outfitters Inc. on Monday for selling a sweatshirt with its college logo and what appears to be spattered blood, saying it evoked memories of the 1970 shooting where four students died.
“This item is beyond poor taste and trivializes a loss of life that still hurts the Kent State community today," the Ohio-based university said in a statement on its website. "We take great offense to a company using our pain for their publicity and profit.”
Urban Outfitters sells bloody Kent State sweatshirt, quickly apologizes
If you're going to sell a college-branded sweatshirt with what looks a whole lot like bloodstains and bullet holes on it, maybe you don't pick the school with one of the most infamous shootings in history.
If you're going to sell a college-branded sweatshirt with what looks a whole lot like bloodstains and bullet holes on it, maybe you don't pick the school with one of the most infamous shootings in history.
See more videos
Urban Outfitters, which apologized on Twitter, sold the item for $129 on its website as part of an assortment of vintage clothing. It has since sold out. But it is being offered on eBay for a "Buy It Now" price of $2,500.
"It was never our intention to allude to the tragic events that took place at Kent State in 1970 and we are extremely saddened that this item was perceived as such. The one-of-a-kind item was purchased as part of our sun-faded vintage collection," the company said on Twitter.
Urban Outfitters said the red markings were the result of distressing and "wear and fray." Kent State invited anyone interested in buying the sweatshirt to tour its recently opened May 4 Visitor Center, noting the date when Ohio National Guard troops opened fire, killing four and wounding nine other students during a campus protest of the Vietnam War.
The company said a visit would help them "to gain perspective on what happened 44 years ago and apply its meaning to the future."
@PeterBella How do we know they sold out? UO may very well have lied about this. IF they sold out, perhaps 1 person or organization did so to remove them from the marketplace.
jvkatzen

Kent State scolds Urban Outfitters  red splattered sweatshirtKent State scolds Urban Outfitters' red-spattered sweatshirt
Kent State sweatshirt
Urban Outfitter via Bloomberg News
A Kent State sweatshirt with red spots offered for sale on Urban Outfitters' website.
A Kent State sweatshirt with red spots offered for sale on Urban Outfitters' website. (Urban Outfitter via Bloomberg News)
Tribune staff report
Urban Outfitters apologizes for "bloody" Kent State sweatshirt.
Urban Outfitters says Kent State sweatshirt no longer on sale was "part of our sun-faded vintage collection."
Kent State University and many on the Internet criticized Urban Outfitters Inc. on Monday for selling a sweatshirt with its college logo and what appears to be spattered blood, saying it evoked memories of the 1970 shooting where four students died.
“This item is beyond poor taste and trivializes a loss of life that still hurts the Kent State community today," the Ohio-based university said in a statement on its website. "We take great offense to a company using our pain for their publicity and profit.”
Urban Outfitters sells bloody Kent State sweatshirt, quickly apologizes
If you're going to sell a college-branded sweatshirt with what looks a whole lot like bloodstains and bullet holes on it, maybe you don't pick the school with one of the most infamous shootings in history.
If you're going to sell a college-branded sweatshirt with what looks a whole lot like bloodstains and bullet holes on it, maybe you don't pick the school with one of the most infamous shootings in history.
See more videos
Urban Outfitters, which apologized on Twitter, sold the item for $129 on its website as part of an assortment of vintage clothing. It has since sold out. But it is being offered on eBay for a "Buy It Now" price of $2,500.
"It was never our intention to allude to the tragic events that took place at Kent State in 1970 and we are extremely saddened that this item was perceived as such. The one-of-a-kind item was purchased as part of our sun-faded vintage collection," the company said on Twitter.
Urban Outfitters said the red markings were the result of distressing and "wear and fray." Kent State invited anyone interested in buying the sweatshirt to tour its recently opened May 4 Visitor Center, noting the date when Ohio National Guard troops opened fire, killing four and wounding nine other students during a campus protest of the Vietnam War.
The company said a visit would help them "to gain perspective on what happened 44 years ago and apply its meaning to the future."
@PeterBella How do we know they sold out? UO may very well have lied about this. IF they sold out, perhaps 1 person or organization did so to remove them from the marketplace.
jvkatzen

Nasdaq loses ground as tech sector weighsDow, S&P 500 end at records after U.S. data, Intel outlook
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Tech shares gave the market its biggest lift, along with energy. Boosting all three major indexes, Intel shares jumped 4.7 percent to $35.95, hitting their highest level since January 2002, after its 2015 revenue outlook was above Wall Street's expectations and the company raised its dividend.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
The S&P technology index rose 0.6 percent, while the energy index gained 1.1 percent.
Further supporting stocks, data showed factory activity in the U.S. mid-Atlantic region grew at its fastest pace in two decades, U.S. home resales jumped to their highest in more than a year in October, and a gauge of future U.S. economic activity gained.
Growth in the economy and earnings should bode well for stocks heading into next year, said Margaret Patel, senior portfolio manager at Wells Capital Management.
"Next year will be a reasonable to maybe a surprisingly good year," she said. "(There is) no reason in the world why we can't see P/Es expand." Patel said stocks could rise by a mid single-digit to high-teens percentage next year.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 33.27 points, or 0.19 percent, to 17,719, a record close. The S&P 500 gained 4.03 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,052.75, its 44th record high this year.
The Nasdaq Composite added 26.16 points, or 0.56 percent, to 4,701.87.
The Philadelphia Fed area "isn't a hub of industrial activity anymore but it's still important and it's strong," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group.
The upbeat U.S. data offset weakness overseas, including euro zone business growth that was slower than expected this month.
Best Buy added 7 percent to $38.02, among the S&P's largest percentage gainers, after better-than-expected profit.
Among the top Nasdaq decliners was Keurig Green Mountain, down 7.4 percent at $142.50, a day after it forecast fiscal first-quarter profit below analysts' estimates.
After the bell, Gap shares fell 4.9 percent to $38.19 following its results. Gap shares ended the regular session up 1.5 percent.
About 5.7 billion shares traded on U.S. exchanges, compared below 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 2,013 to 1,025, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,824 issues rose and 893 fell for a 2.04-to-1 ratio.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)

Nasdaq loses ground as tech sector weighsDow, S&P 500 end at records after U.S. data, Intel outlook
11_12 MarketSense with Greg Burns
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
The major stock indexes stayed relatively flat Wednesday as big banks such as JPMorgan Chase faced fines for misconduct in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis.
By Caroline Valetkevitch, Reuters
8
Tech shares gave the market its biggest lift, along with energy. Boosting all three major indexes, Intel shares jumped 4.7 percent to $35.95, hitting their highest level since January 2002, after its 2015 revenue outlook was above Wall Street's expectations and the company raised its dividend.
The state and city pensions would be solvent now if the state and city had put in there share and this sustained rise in the market.
ch47fixer
126
The S&P technology index rose 0.6 percent, while the energy index gained 1.1 percent.
Further supporting stocks, data showed factory activity in the U.S. mid-Atlantic region grew at its fastest pace in two decades, U.S. home resales jumped to their highest in more than a year in October, and a gauge of future U.S. economic activity gained.
Growth in the economy and earnings should bode well for stocks heading into next year, said Margaret Patel, senior portfolio manager at Wells Capital Management.
"Next year will be a reasonable to maybe a surprisingly good year," she said. "(There is) no reason in the world why we can't see P/Es expand." Patel said stocks could rise by a mid single-digit to high-teens percentage next year.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 33.27 points, or 0.19 percent, to 17,719, a record close. The S&P 500 gained 4.03 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,052.75, its 44th record high this year.
The Nasdaq Composite added 26.16 points, or 0.56 percent, to 4,701.87.
The Philadelphia Fed area "isn't a hub of industrial activity anymore but it's still important and it's strong," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group.
The upbeat U.S. data offset weakness overseas, including euro zone business growth that was slower than expected this month.
Best Buy added 7 percent to $38.02, among the S&P's largest percentage gainers, after better-than-expected profit.
Among the top Nasdaq decliners was Keurig Green Mountain, down 7.4 percent at $142.50, a day after it forecast fiscal first-quarter profit below analysts' estimates.
After the bell, Gap shares fell 4.9 percent to $38.19 following its results. Gap shares ended the regular session up 1.5 percent.
About 5.7 billion shares traded on U.S. exchanges, compared below 6.4 billion average this month, according to BATS Global Markets.
NYSE advancing issues outnumbered decliners 2,013 to 1,025, for a 1.96-to-1 ratio; on the Nasdaq, 1,824 issues rose and 893 fell for a 2.04-to-1 ratio.
(Additional reporting by Rodrigo Campos; Editing by Bernadette Baum and Nick Zieminski)

Cochin Shipyard gets Rs 2 700 crore packageCochin Shipyard gets Rs 2 700 crore package
Cochin Shipyard gets Rs 2 700 crore packageCochin Shipyard gets Rs 2 700 crore package
Over 234 000 rescued in flood-hit KashmirOver 234 000 rescued in flood-hit Kashmir
Over 234 000 rescued in flood-hit KashmirOver 234 000 rescued in flood-hit Kashmir
General insurance unions reject 10.5 per cent wage hike offerGeneral insurance unions reject 10.5 per cent wage hike offer
General insurance unions reject 10.5 per cent wage hike offerGeneral insurance unions reject 10.5 per cent wage hike offer
Cabinet approves national AYUSH missionCabinet approves national AYUSH mission
Cabinet approves national AYUSH missionCabinet approves national AYUSH mission
Modi takes stock of GST  Bill likely in winter sessionModi takes stock of GST  Bill likely in winter session
Modi takes stock of GST  Bill likely in winter sessionModi takes stock of GST  Bill likely in winter session
Five independent directors exit MRPLHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Five independent directors exit MRPL
Our Bureau
Mangalore, September 15:  
Five independent directors of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL) have ceased to become directors.
The company informed stock exchanges on Monday that the five non-official part-time directors — CL Shah, Neela Gangadharan, Usha Kiran Rai, Jayant M Modak and Capt John Prasad Menezes — have ceased to be directors on the company’s board.
It may be mentioned here that the Union Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, in its order dated October 22, 2013, had appointed the above-mentioned five as independent directors. The company had informed this to the stock exchanges on October 23, 2013.
These appointments had taken place after the 25th annual general meeting of the company on September 23, 2013. Their appointments were to be ratified in the 26th AGM on September 13, 2014. However, the company did not move a resolution seeking the confirmation of these appointments at the AGM.
Now, the board of the company is headed by DK Sarraf as Chairman and H Kumar as Managing Director. Vishnu Agrawal is Director (Finance) and VG Joshi is Director (Refinery). P Kalyanasundaram is the nominee director from the Union Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas and BK Namdeo is the nominee director from HPCL.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Five independent directors exit MRPLHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Five independent directors exit MRPL
Our Bureau
Mangalore, September 15:  
Five independent directors of Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL) have ceased to become directors.
The company informed stock exchanges on Monday that the five non-official part-time directors — CL Shah, Neela Gangadharan, Usha Kiran Rai, Jayant M Modak and Capt John Prasad Menezes — have ceased to be directors on the company’s board.
It may be mentioned here that the Union Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, in its order dated October 22, 2013, had appointed the above-mentioned five as independent directors. The company had informed this to the stock exchanges on October 23, 2013.
These appointments had taken place after the 25th annual general meeting of the company on September 23, 2013. Their appointments were to be ratified in the 26th AGM on September 13, 2014. However, the company did not move a resolution seeking the confirmation of these appointments at the AGM.
Now, the board of the company is headed by DK Sarraf as Chairman and H Kumar as Managing Director. Vishnu Agrawal is Director (Finance) and VG Joshi is Director (Refinery). P Kalyanasundaram is the nominee director from the Union Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas and BK Namdeo is the nominee director from HPCL.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Chennai lawyer on mission to raise the bar of Indian legal systemChennai lawyer on mission to raise the bar of Indian legal system
Niharika Mallimadugula
Tweet
Chennai, September 15:  
On a recent visit to India, UK’s Minister for Courts and Legal Aids, Sailesh Vara, urged India to open up its legal services sector. His pitch comes at a time when Indian companies are increasingly involved in transnational deals and the inherent complexity of business laws such as those related to the allocation of the 3G spectrum demand niche expertise. Also, this would raise the professional standards of Indian firms, grooming Indian lawyers to be global leaders.
In this context, the American Bar Association’s (ABA) selection of Chennai’s business lawyer, Jeevanandham Rajagopal, as a Business Law Ambassador for its Business Law Section, is an opportune development. The ABA is reaching out to lawyers of different backgrounds as part of its Leadership Diversity Outreach Programme.
Jeeva says, “Personally, it is an important milestone to be recognised as a potential leader within the ABA-BLS. This also highlights the growing importance of the Indian perspective to international business and law.”
He is optimistic about the collaborations and synergies that this opportunity could bring. “I hope to build and strengthen the bridge between the American and Indian bar associations, especially with a focus on international law and business matters. One key objective would be to encourage the building of quality within Indian bar associations,” he says.
A Fulbright scholar and co-chair of the International Committee of Young Lawyers, Jeeva asserts the need to build an extensive support system to sustain entrepreneurship. “Entrepreneurial culture should be nurtured and celebrated,” he says. He sees a strong need for “socio-economic, legal and governmental support for entrepreneurship, coupled with industry support and encouragement,” to ensure the success of entrepreneurial ventures.
He has helped many start-ups navigate daunting and lengthy legal processes and ensure compliance with laws.
Law and its perception can be very different and the latter can have serious consequences that laws per se don’t intend. The opaqueness of laws and policy paralysis have dealt India Inc multiple blows.
However, he remains optimistic about the future. “The new government, which has obtained the mandate based on being business-friendly, should act to remove the opaqueness, only then the investment climate will improve and the actual potential of the country realised. There are some steps being taken in the right direction, yet we have miles to go.”
But the hope is that lawyers like Jeeva will bring their global experience and expertise to the table and raise the ‘bar’ of the Indian legal system.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Chennai lawyer on mission to raise the bar of Indian legal systemChennai lawyer on mission to raise the bar of Indian legal system
Niharika Mallimadugula
Tweet
Chennai, September 15:  
On a recent visit to India, UK’s Minister for Courts and Legal Aids, Sailesh Vara, urged India to open up its legal services sector. His pitch comes at a time when Indian companies are increasingly involved in transnational deals and the inherent complexity of business laws such as those related to the allocation of the 3G spectrum demand niche expertise. Also, this would raise the professional standards of Indian firms, grooming Indian lawyers to be global leaders.
In this context, the American Bar Association’s (ABA) selection of Chennai’s business lawyer, Jeevanandham Rajagopal, as a Business Law Ambassador for its Business Law Section, is an opportune development. The ABA is reaching out to lawyers of different backgrounds as part of its Leadership Diversity Outreach Programme.
Jeeva says, “Personally, it is an important milestone to be recognised as a potential leader within the ABA-BLS. This also highlights the growing importance of the Indian perspective to international business and law.”
He is optimistic about the collaborations and synergies that this opportunity could bring. “I hope to build and strengthen the bridge between the American and Indian bar associations, especially with a focus on international law and business matters. One key objective would be to encourage the building of quality within Indian bar associations,” he says.
A Fulbright scholar and co-chair of the International Committee of Young Lawyers, Jeeva asserts the need to build an extensive support system to sustain entrepreneurship. “Entrepreneurial culture should be nurtured and celebrated,” he says. He sees a strong need for “socio-economic, legal and governmental support for entrepreneurship, coupled with industry support and encouragement,” to ensure the success of entrepreneurial ventures.
He has helped many start-ups navigate daunting and lengthy legal processes and ensure compliance with laws.
Law and its perception can be very different and the latter can have serious consequences that laws per se don’t intend. The opaqueness of laws and policy paralysis have dealt India Inc multiple blows.
However, he remains optimistic about the future. “The new government, which has obtained the mandate based on being business-friendly, should act to remove the opaqueness, only then the investment climate will improve and the actual potential of the country realised. There are some steps being taken in the right direction, yet we have miles to go.”
But the hope is that lawyers like Jeeva will bring their global experience and expertise to the table and raise the ‘bar’ of the Indian legal system.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Consultants likely for power tariff changesConsultants likely for power tariff changes
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, September 15:  
The Coal Ministry is planning to engage consultants for “electricity tariff rationalisation,” according to TK Lahiry, Chairman, Bharat Coking Coal Ltd.
He was talking to reporters on the sidelines of a coal seminar organised by “mjunction” and Coal Consumers’ Association of India on Monday.
Though denied that the proposal is a new-avatar of the coal price pooling, Lahiry said that the aim was to bring a parity in tariff on electricity, generated either from imported or domestic fuel.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Consultants likely for power tariff changesConsultants likely for power tariff changes
Our Bureau
Tweet
Kolkata, September 15:  
The Coal Ministry is planning to engage consultants for “electricity tariff rationalisation,” according to TK Lahiry, Chairman, Bharat Coking Coal Ltd.
He was talking to reporters on the sidelines of a coal seminar organised by “mjunction” and Coal Consumers’ Association of India on Monday.
Though denied that the proposal is a new-avatar of the coal price pooling, Lahiry said that the aim was to bring a parity in tariff on electricity, generated either from imported or domestic fuel.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Canara Bank bags awardWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Canara Bank bags awardWhat's this?
X These are paid-for links provided by Outbrain, and may or may not be relevant to the other content on this page. To find out more information about driving traffic to your content or to place this widget on your site, visit outbrain.com. You can read Outbrain's privacy and cookie policy here.
Please Wait while comments are loading...
This article is closed for comments.

Croma joins hands with Snapdeal.comHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Croma joins hands with Snapdeal.com
Priyanka Pani
Tweet
Mumbai, September 15:  
Tata Sons-promoted Infiniti Retail, which owns consumer durable and electronics chain Croma, has tied up with the country's leading online marketplace Snapdeal.com to launch itself on the portal.
Both the companies would be officially announcing the same tomorrow.
This is second such tie-up from the house of India's largest diversified conglomerate with the New Delhi-based e-commerce major after its Chairman Emeritus Ratan Tata picked up a stake in the portal. Last month, Tata Value Homes, a 100 per cent subsidiary of Tata Housing, has entered into a first-of-its-kind, strategic and exclusive partnership with Snapdeal.com to sell residential properties.
E-commerce experts and industry watchers said there could be more such partnerships between the two in apparels and other lifestyle products.
However, more than Ratan Tata's investment in Snapdeal, they feel that as e-commerce is gaining ground and online marketplaces have been able to establish their model, many more brick and mortar retailers are taking the omni-channel route, an initiative by the retailers to better integrate their stores and e-commerce channels.
Arvind Singhal, Chairman of retail consultancy Technopak Advisory, said that such tie-ups will help offline retailers scale up fast and reach out to consumers in a cost-effective way. Similarly, the presence of well-established brands such as Croma on the portals would also give the latter a major push in terms of traffic.
“So now consumers can buy online and pick-up at a nearby store, or order online and get it delivered to home. This will help offline retailers cut the inventory size at the store and list all the products online,” he said, adding that retailers also can use their stores as fulfilment centres.
Croma is already doing that through its own online store and through a similar tie-up with online marketplace Ebay India. Of late several regional retailers such as Viveks of Chennai and Sangeetha Mobiles have listed their shops on Ebay to scale up faster and reach out to consumers in other parts of the country.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Croma joins hands with Snapdeal.comHome News Markets Companies Tech Economy Opinion Features Portfolio Catalyst BL Ink Multimedia Blogs
Find Company:
Croma joins hands with Snapdeal.com
Priyanka Pani
Tweet
Mumbai, September 15:  
Tata Sons-promoted Infiniti Retail, which owns consumer durable and electronics chain Croma, has tied up with the country's leading online marketplace Snapdeal.com to launch itself on the portal.
Both the companies would be officially announcing the same tomorrow.
This is second such tie-up from the house of India's largest diversified conglomerate with the New Delhi-based e-commerce major after its Chairman Emeritus Ratan Tata picked up a stake in the portal. Last month, Tata Value Homes, a 100 per cent subsidiary of Tata Housing, has entered into a first-of-its-kind, strategic and exclusive partnership with Snapdeal.com to sell residential properties.
E-commerce experts and industry watchers said there could be more such partnerships between the two in apparels and other lifestyle products.
However, more than Ratan Tata's investment in Snapdeal, they feel that as e-commerce is gaining ground and online marketplaces have been able to establish their model, many more brick and mortar retailers are taking the omni-channel route, an initiative by the retailers to better integrate their stores and e-commerce channels.
Arvind Singhal, Chairman of retail consultancy Technopak Advisory, said that such tie-ups will help offline retailers scale up fast and reach out to consumers in a cost-effective way. Similarly, the presence of well-established brands such as Croma on the portals would also give the latter a major push in terms of traffic.
“So now consumers can buy online and pick-up at a nearby store, or order online and get it delivered to home. This will help offline retailers cut the inventory size at the store and list all the products online,” he said, adding that retailers also can use their stores as fulfilment centres.
Croma is already doing that through its own online store and through a similar tie-up with online marketplace Ebay India. Of late several regional retailers such as Viveks of Chennai and Sangeetha Mobiles have listed their shops on Ebay to scale up faster and reach out to consumers in other parts of the country.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related
TOPICS

Gold prices to remain under pressure next year tooGold prices to remain under pressure next year too
MR Subramani
Likely surplus and slack demand in India, China may dim the metal’s prospects
Pune, September 15:  
Gold prices in the global market are likely to remain under pressure and rule below $1,200 an ounce next year, a global convention was told here.
“We expect gold prices to remain low next year too. Once gold slips below $1,200, it could head towards $1,175. The positive thing about the fall is that physical buying could emerge once prices drop to $1,200 levels,” said Cameron Alexander, Manager, Precious Metals, Thomson Reuters GFMS, at a price outlook session at the 11th India International Gold Convention – 2014.
Chinese buying
However, prices could look up later this year and could even rise to $1,300 levels. This will be because there could be some buying in China and India, particularly during festival and marriage season.
“I think the Chinese government will encourage its people to buy gold but it could ensure that prices are under control,” he said. The outlook for gold is not bright next year because a surplus is seen in the yellow metal.
According to Alexander, gold surplus could be 26 tonnes against a deficit of 87 tonnes this year (see table).
Slack demand
Retail investments are down globally by half, while demand for jewellery also dropped in the first quarter, he said. Demand in the Far-East and India was particularly low, he said.
According to the bullion industry, domestic demand for gold is slack in view of gold prices dropping. Gold imports till now are about 460 tonnes and they will continue at 30-40 a month until the year-end. Last year, imports totalled 650 tonnes against over 900 tonnes in 2012.
Jeremy East, Managing Director, Standard Chartered Bank, also said gold prices could tend to rise towards the year-end. “Physical market will be a lot interesting next year in China and India, particularly if the US economy recovers,” he said.
Jeffrey Rhodes, Chief Executive Officer, Bullion Trading Centre, said that the bull market in gold ended when it went past $1,800.
“Next year for gold will be another one of volatility. Prices could range between $1,100 and $1,400 but will be in the $1,200-1,300 for a long time,” he said, on the sidelines of the meet.
Rhodes said that the physical market will flourish next year in Asia since “the people in the continent love lack of volatility.” Alexander, East and Rhodes pointed out to the lack of any rise in gold prices despite the simmering tension in Europe due to Ukraine crisis, the Iran-Iraq standoff and the capture of key areas in Syria and Iraq by a rebel group.
“Gold has been enjoying a premium of $60. This got discounted during the crises,” said Alexander.
“Other asset class, particularly equities, are much more promising now than gold,” said East.
The writer was in Pune at the invitation of India International Gold Convention.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Gold prices to remain under pressure next year tooGold prices to remain under pressure next year too
MR Subramani
Likely surplus and slack demand in India, China may dim the metal’s prospects
Pune, September 15:  
Gold prices in the global market are likely to remain under pressure and rule below $1,200 an ounce next year, a global convention was told here.
“We expect gold prices to remain low next year too. Once gold slips below $1,200, it could head towards $1,175. The positive thing about the fall is that physical buying could emerge once prices drop to $1,200 levels,” said Cameron Alexander, Manager, Precious Metals, Thomson Reuters GFMS, at a price outlook session at the 11th India International Gold Convention – 2014.
Chinese buying
However, prices could look up later this year and could even rise to $1,300 levels. This will be because there could be some buying in China and India, particularly during festival and marriage season.
“I think the Chinese government will encourage its people to buy gold but it could ensure that prices are under control,” he said. The outlook for gold is not bright next year because a surplus is seen in the yellow metal.
According to Alexander, gold surplus could be 26 tonnes against a deficit of 87 tonnes this year (see table).
Slack demand
Retail investments are down globally by half, while demand for jewellery also dropped in the first quarter, he said. Demand in the Far-East and India was particularly low, he said.
According to the bullion industry, domestic demand for gold is slack in view of gold prices dropping. Gold imports till now are about 460 tonnes and they will continue at 30-40 a month until the year-end. Last year, imports totalled 650 tonnes against over 900 tonnes in 2012.
Jeremy East, Managing Director, Standard Chartered Bank, also said gold prices could tend to rise towards the year-end. “Physical market will be a lot interesting next year in China and India, particularly if the US economy recovers,” he said.
Jeffrey Rhodes, Chief Executive Officer, Bullion Trading Centre, said that the bull market in gold ended when it went past $1,800.
“Next year for gold will be another one of volatility. Prices could range between $1,100 and $1,400 but will be in the $1,200-1,300 for a long time,” he said, on the sidelines of the meet.
Rhodes said that the physical market will flourish next year in Asia since “the people in the continent love lack of volatility.” Alexander, East and Rhodes pointed out to the lack of any rise in gold prices despite the simmering tension in Europe due to Ukraine crisis, the Iran-Iraq standoff and the capture of key areas in Syria and Iraq by a rebel group.
“Gold has been enjoying a premium of $60. This got discounted during the crises,” said Alexander.
“Other asset class, particularly equities, are much more promising now than gold,” said East.
The writer was in Pune at the invitation of India International Gold Convention.
(This article was published on September 15, 2014)
Related

Satya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Satya Nadella-led Microsoft Corporation to buy Minecraft video game maker Mojang for $2.5 billionE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

Will quit politics if TMC s link with Saradha is proved: Mukul RoyWill quit politics if TMC's link with Saradha is proved: Mukul Roy
Press Trust of India | Kolkata Sep 15, 2014 08:07 PM IST
Trinamool Congress general secretary Mukul Roy today said he would quit politics if the party’s link with Saradha ponzi scheme scam is proved.
“We (TMC) are neither thieves nor frauds. If our party’s involvement is proved under any circumstances, I will quit politics,” Roy told PTI.
“Is Saradha Mamata Banerjee's crime? No. If Mamata Banerjee had not tried to curb Sudipta Sen then would he have been arrested?” he asked.
Roy alleged that since Independence, CBI has always been used for political gains by the Centre.
“Here too CBI has been used to tarnish TMC's image. To protest against the canards being spread against us, our party workers will hit the streets from September 19 to September 22 in every village, block and town.” He said that since CBI is investigating the matter it will have to ensure return of money to the depositors.
“You (CBI) will have to tell us as to how you will return the money,” Roy said.

Today s picks- 16 September 2014Today's picks- 16 September 2014
Devangshu Datta |  Sep 15, 2014 10:30 PM IST
NIFTY
Current: 8,042 (fut: 8,058)
Target: NA
Stop short positions at 8,125. Stop long positions at 7,990. Big moves could go till 7,925 or 8,175. A long 8,000p (42) and short 7,900p (18) costs 24 and it could gain 10-15 if 8,000 is hit. (All futures prices)
BANK NIFTY
Current: 16,168 (futures: 16,215)
Target: 15,975 (futures: 16,025)
Keep a stop at 16,275 and short. Add to the position between 16,100 and 16,125. Book profits at 16,025. (All futures prices)
LUPIN
Current: Rs 1,416
Target: Rs 1,440
Keep a stop at Rs 1,400 and go long. Add to the position between Rs 1,430 and Rs 1,435. Book profits at Rs 1,440.
JINDAL STEEP & POWER
Current: Rs 225
Target: Rs 215
Keep a stop at Rs 230 and go short. Add to the position between Rs 218 and Rs 220. Book profits at Rs 215.
COAL INDIA
Current: Rs 352
Target: Rs 345
Keep a stop at Rs 357 and short. Add to the position between Rs 346 and Rs 348. Book profits at Rs 345.
Target prices, projected movements in terms of next session, unless otherwise stated

Google Android One smartphones: Meet Karbonn Sparkle V  Micromax Canvas A1  Spice Dream UnoGoogle Android One smartphones: Meet Karbonn Sparkle V, Micromax Canvas A1, Spice Dream Uno
Tech Desk | New Delhi | Updated:  Sep 16 2014, 08:47  IST
Sep 16 2014, 08:47  IST
 

Bain Capital  Carlyle in talks to buy majority stake in India s contraceptive pills maker Famy Care: SourcesCompanies
Bain Capital, Carlyle in talks to buy majority stake in India's contraceptive pills maker Famy Care: Sources
Reuters | Mumbai | Published:  Sep 15 2014, 19:02  IST
Sep 15 2014, 19:02  IST
 

Bain Capital  Carlyle in talks to buy majority stake in India s contraceptive pills maker Famy Care: SourcesCompanies
Bain Capital, Carlyle in talks to buy majority stake in India's contraceptive pills maker Famy Care: Sources
Reuters | Mumbai | Published:  Sep 15 2014, 19:02  IST
Sep 15 2014, 19:02  IST
 

Infosys Foundation to spend Rs 249 crore in ...You are here: Home > Collections > Programme
Infosys Foundation to spend Rs 249 crore in fiscal 2015
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 08.48PM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(Infosys Foundation, as…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys Foundation, the philanthropic arm of India's second largest IT firm Infosys, will spend Rs 249 crore during fiscal 2015 through various initiatives aimed at promoting education, improving health and assisting rural development.
Infosys Foundation, as a part of its efforts, today launched a new programme 'Spark-IT' to enhance the skill levels of engineering graduates in the country.
"Infosys Foundation has several programs aimed at alleviating hunger, promoting education, improving health, assisting rural development, supporting arts and helping the destitute," Infosys Foundation said in a statement.
For fiscal 2015, Infosys Foundation plans to deploy Rs 249 crore towards these initiatives, it added.
Spark-IT is a three month programme, which will work towards enhancing technical and communication skills of unemployed engineering graduates. However, it does not guarantee employment at Infosys.
"Many engineering graduates in India find it difficult to gain meaningful employment due to inadequate skills. Through Spark-IT we are imparting technical and communication skills to prepare candidates for future employment," Infosys Foundation Chairperson Sudha Murty said.
Under the programme, more than 35,000 applications were received from 27 states.
"In fiscal 2015, Spark-IT plans to train 1,800 graduates spread over 11 batches, at the Infosys campus in Mysore, Mangalore and Chennai and Rs 9 crore have been committed for this programme," the statement said.
Candidates will be given a monthly stipend of Rs 10,000 and an accommodation allowance of Rs 5,000 per month. On completing the program, they will be given a certificate of participation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Infosys Foundation to spend Rs 249 crore in ...You are here: Home > Collections > Programme
Infosys Foundation to spend Rs 249 crore in fiscal 2015
PTI Sep 15, 2014, 08.48PM IST
Tags:
Infosys
(Infosys Foundation, as…)
NEW DELHI: Infosys Foundation, the philanthropic arm of India's second largest IT firm Infosys, will spend Rs 249 crore during fiscal 2015 through various initiatives aimed at promoting education, improving health and assisting rural development.
Infosys Foundation, as a part of its efforts, today launched a new programme 'Spark-IT' to enhance the skill levels of engineering graduates in the country.
"Infosys Foundation has several programs aimed at alleviating hunger, promoting education, improving health, assisting rural development, supporting arts and helping the destitute," Infosys Foundation said in a statement.
For fiscal 2015, Infosys Foundation plans to deploy Rs 249 crore towards these initiatives, it added.
Spark-IT is a three month programme, which will work towards enhancing technical and communication skills of unemployed engineering graduates. However, it does not guarantee employment at Infosys.
"Many engineering graduates in India find it difficult to gain meaningful employment due to inadequate skills. Through Spark-IT we are imparting technical and communication skills to prepare candidates for future employment," Infosys Foundation Chairperson Sudha Murty said.
Under the programme, more than 35,000 applications were received from 27 states.
"In fiscal 2015, Spark-IT plans to train 1,800 graduates spread over 11 batches, at the Infosys campus in Mysore, Mangalore and Chennai and Rs 9 crore have been committed for this programme," the statement said.
Candidates will be given a monthly stipend of Rs 10,000 and an accommodation allowance of Rs 5,000 per month. On completing the program, they will be given a certificate of participation.
FEATURED ARTICLES

Essar-Loop case: Court to hear final arguments from Nov 20Essar-Loop case: Court to hear final arguments from Nov 20
Press Trust of India | New Delhi Sep 15, 2014 05:30 PM IST
A special court today concluded recording of defence evidence in a case arising out of the probe into the 2G spectrum allocation scam allegedly involving promoters of Essar Group, Loop Telecom and others and fixed the matter for commencement of final arguments on November 20.
Special CBI Judge O P Saini, who is exclusively dealing with cases relating to 2G spectrum scam, closed the defence evidence during which the accused examined 12 witnesses in their defence.
"Put up the matter for November 20 for final arguments," the judge said.
Essar Group promoters Ravi Ruia and Anshuman Ruia, Loop Telecom promoters Kiran Khaitan, her husband I P Khaitan and Essar Group Director (Strategy and Planning) Vikash Saraf are facing trial in the case along with three telecom firms -- Loop Telecom Ltd, Loop Mobile India Ltd and Essar Tele Holding Ltd. All of them have denied the charges levelled by CBI.
The court on May 25, 2012 had framed charges against all the accused under section 120-B (criminal conspiracy) read with section 420 (cheating) of IPC, while the charge of cheating was made out against Saraf only.
During the recording of prosecution evidence in the case, which had commenced on July 26, 2012, the court had recorded statements of 95 CBI witnesses, running into 1,056 pages.
CBI had chargesheeted all the accused on December 12, 2011, alleging that they had cheated the Department of Telecommunication (DoT) by using Loop Telecom as a "front" to secure 2G licences in 2008.
The court, on September 10, had concluded recording of defence evidence in the 2G spectrum allocation case allegedly involving former Telecom Minister A Raja, DMK MP Kanimozhi and 15 others who are facing trial.
The court had fixed November 10 for hearing final arguments in the case in which CBI had alleged that there was a loss of Rs 30,984 crore to the exchequer in allocation of 122 licences for 2G spectrum which were scrapped by the Supreme Court on February 2, 2012.

Whats holding electrics backThe Quora Column | 10 September 2014
What’s holding EVs back?
By  Chris Neiger
Read more about these links.
The Citroën Survolt EV, in 2010. Electrics are not menacing the market, yet. (Newspress)
Let's get this out of the way: electric cars have been around since the 1800s, so the debate over the vehicles' viability is moot by this point.
Related
High-voltage Harley
And though petroleum clearly won out over electricity in the automobile’s first century, battery technology has finally advanced to such a degree for electric vehicles (EVs) to compete more closely with their petrol-powered counterparts.
Cars like the Nissan Leaf , Tesla Model S and BMW i3 have done much to validate EVs’ presence on the road. So why haven't electric cars overtaken the internal combustion engine? Indeed, zero-emission electric vehicles comprise less than 1% of the global new-car market.
To help answer this, BBC Autos trawled Quora.com , the question and answer community. Unsurprisingly, there were a few strong opinions on the subject, and sustained scepticism about EVs’ prospects of overtaking internal-combustion cars.
Building from the ground up
Quora user Robert Fisher writes that EVs are a promising option, but adds they can only gain traction if and when governments help fund the construction of recharging stations.
"Until this occurs, drivers that expect to drive long distances will not purchase purely electric vehicles,” he says. “This is the largest disincentive for electric vehicles since it limits the function and usefulness of the vehicle and may require the purchase of a traditional gas vehicle to compensate for the lack of capability."
Infrastructure-related gripes popped up more than a few times with Quora users. In a separate online thread, Moon K Kim said: "Although most people do not drive more than 40 miles per day, range anxiety plays an important role in EV purchasing decisions. PHEV (plug-in hybrid EV) can be a solution to range anxiety but only at an additional cost and complexity." Range anxiety has led many carmakers to forego, or only tentatively finance, EV development, instead funnelling resources into plug-in hybrids that combine electric- and petrol-based propulsion.
Models such as the Ford Fusion Energi plug-in hybrid have been developed to counteract the range anxiety that purely electric cars may cause for consumers. (Ford Motor)
Tesla Motors has addressed this problem head-on with its so-called Supercharger network – available in both the US and Europe. But with the stations only accommodating Tesla vehicles, the concept hardly threatens the pervasiveness of gas stations.
Even if carmakers overcome the challenges of EV charging infrastructure, they must also tackle electric-vehicle pricing.
Sticker shock
Many electric vehicles are offered with generous federal and local subsidies, resulting in more competitive window stickers. Still, the prices may still outpace those of comparable petrol models, while the EVs themselves are loss leaders for carmakers – just ask Fiat's CEO . Fisher also notes that government subsidies are not permanent, and eventually, consumers may have to absorb that cost.
"In some countries [and] states, government incentives can make them more competitive, but that is just shifting the cost from the individual to the masses,” he writes. “These programs are not sustainable.”
Moon, however, takes the long view. "If one assumed that [the] conventional fuel price is bound to go up significantly in medium-to-long term, then economics for EVs will surely improve,” she writes. “Furthermore, battery cost (which makes up a big part of the overall cost of EV) continues to decline with scale and technological innovation."
The BMW i3 is selling briskly, but EVs still comprise less than 1% of total new-car sales worldwide. (BMW Group)
For now, though, the up-front premium is real – as are some potentially unforeseen running costs. Quora user Kevin McCurley argued that at least for him, owning an EV would not add up. "The answer to this question depends on the conditions of the market in which you buy electricity – not whether it's cheaper for society or better for global warming or more efficient," he wrote.
McCurley calculated how much installing a charging system at home would cost, the price of using electricity to charge the vehicle – factoring in his employer's offer to charge the vehicle while at work for free – and still concluded that the EV he was considering would still be "very expensive for me to drive".
He cited a Purdue University paper from 2011, in which certain energy markets, such as California, were faulted for making EV charging expensive because of tiered pricing structures for high-usage households.
McCurley said the nuances of electricity markets makes it difficult for consumers to assess whether EVs were savvy purchases. "The characteristics of the electricity market are extremely constrained, whereas there is an active and relatively competitive market for gasoline. This makes it difficult for consumers to estimate their actual operation cost," he wrote.
Cost and infrastructure may inhibit EVs’ immediate success, but some carmakers are combatting these challenges. In addition to its proprietary charging network, Tesla has plans to build a massive battery plant in Nevada , which the company says is the ticket to lowering battery-pack development costs and ultimately, the cost of battery-electric cars. Tesla plans to bring an EV to market in coming years priced closer to a Nissan Leaf than the Model S's luxury-car peers, such as the Audi A8 and Mercedes-Benz S-Class.
The Tesla Model S has given EV sales a shot in the arm. (Newspress)
And sales momentum seems to be building. The latest data published by IHS, an industry analysis group, shows that EV sales in the US have more than tripled since 2012, to 46,000 in 2013. (Granted, pent-up demand for the long-teased Model S gave the EV market a big goose in 2013.)
"Despite falling short of previous expectations, global sales of electric vehicles actually are progressing at a much faster pace than hybrid cars did during the same stage of their deployment, paving the way for higher demand as more EV options arrive on the market this year and beyond," IHS noted .
And so it is that, as they’ve done on and off for over a century, EVs continue chugging along, seemingly against all odds.
If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Autos, head over to our  Facebook  page or message us on Twitter .

Over 2.26 lakh people rescued in flood-hit J-K so farOver 2.26 lakh people rescued in flood-hit J-K so far
Press Trust of India | Jammu Sep 15, 2014 04:10 PM IST
Over 2.26 lakh people have been rescued in Jammu and Kashmir so far as the rescue and relief operations in the flood-ravaged state entered 14th day on Monday.
"Armed Forces and NDRF have so far rescued over 2,26,000 persons from different parts of Jammu and Kashmir in the ongoing rescue and relief operations," Defence spokesperson Col S D Goswami said today.
Of these, 1.40 lakh people have been rescued by Army alone as the rescue and relief operations have entered 14th day, Goswami said.
Armed Forces had launched Mission Rahat in Jammu region while in Kashmir region Mission Sahayata was launched for rescue and relief operations.
Eighty transport aircraft and helicopters of Indian Air Force and Army Aviation Corps are continuing their efforts in rescue and relief operations, he said.
Army has deployed around 30,000 troops for rescue and relief operations, he said, adding, more than 5,08,000 litres of water and over 1,054 tonnes of food packets and cooked food have already been distributed in the flood-hit areas.
Over 33,000 blankets are being taken to the flood-affected areas today, which were donated by Ministry of Textile, Red Cross Society and the governments of Jharkhand and Punjab. Earlier 8,200 blankets and 1,572 tents were provided to the flood victims, he said.
So far, 2,451 sorties were undertaken by the helicopters and aircraft of Armed Forces and 3,435 tonnes of relief materials have been dropped by the Indian Air Force, he said.
A total of 224 boats of Army and 148 NDRF's inflatable boats are actively involved in the rescue operations, Goswami said.

Hunt the REIT killers with new bazookaHunt the REIT killers with new bazooka
N Sundaresha Subramanian |  Sep 15, 2014 10:15 PM IST
I saw the huge billboard as I was driving into the city from the airport last Friday. I am not certain if I noticed it on the way out. The crawling evening traffic made sure I had a longer and closer look at it. It was about a 'city' project of a National Capital Region-based developer. On the top right corner, a highlit portion said: “Investment starts at Rs 5.85 lakh.” On the other side, a blurb said: “Assured return of 12.5% per annum.” For a moment, I reproached myself: “India’s first Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT) has already launched and you did not even know.” But, wait. Is this a REIT registred with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi)?
It accepts ‘investments’ in a real estate project. It assures handsome ‘returns.’ But, it doesn’t seem to be registered with the regulator.
Not a REIT but a REIT killer. I’m saying so because they operate in the same area as the regulated product but since they are not registered, they are able to skip the prescribed prudential norms and investor protection mandates. A registered REIT has to incur higher costs to adhere to these compliance requirements. These unregistered killers are able to offer higher returns and pocket more profits. How can a new product survive in such an environment? Cursory checks with officials and people in the sector elsewhere in the country suggest such REIT killers have proliferated wide and deep. In South India, stars of television mega serials are often seen marketing realty projects with alleged potential for handsome returns. These often come with free gifts such as silk sarees and gold coins. These are clearly operating out of the regulatory framework put in place by Sebi. Apart from the REIT regulations, another development has made realty investment offers like the one I saw on the billboard untenable.
This is passage of the Bill giving more powers to Sebi. The Securities Laws Amendment Act, 2014, inserts a residual proviso to Section 11AA that deals with collective investment schemes (CIS). This has widened the ambit of Sebi substantially. It says, “Provided that any pooling of funds under any scheme or arrangement, which is not registered with the Board or is not covered under sub-section (3), involving a corpus amount of one hundred crore rupees or more, shall be deemed to be a collective investment scheme.’’
In a city where upmarket bungalows and farm houses change hands for a few hundred crores, anybody developing a ‘city’ project for less than Rs 100 crore runs the risk of being scoffed at. This means our billboard developer should be among the first targets of the brand-new bazooka of a proviso Sebi has got. Over recent years, Sebi chairmen have articulated the need for greater powers to deal with the menace. But in a Sunday PTI report, the chief has been quoted that state governments should also legislate and take steps to protect depositors. When CIS regulations were introduced 15 years ago, Sebi had directed the winding up of 500 entities, as they did not apply for registration as directed. Now that Sebi’s powers have taken a jump, we should see a similar or comparable number of entities go down. With great powers come great responsibilities.

This is what the Google Android One will look likeE-commerce: Watch out for more twists and turns
As e-commerce players in India race to acquire customers, they will need to keep an eye on their pre...

